<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230331_10-K_edgar_data_1874259_0001410578-23-000548.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>4407291</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>245387</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>781194</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>1323284</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>916715</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1070201</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>7</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001410578-23-000548.hdr.sgml : 20230331
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230331160052
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001410578-23-000548
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		43
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230331
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230331

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Maxpro Capital Acquisition Corp.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001874259
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	BLANK CHECKS [6770]
		IRS NUMBER:				871015109
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-40857
		FILM NUMBER:		23787342

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		5/F-4, NO. 89
		STREET 2:		SONGREN ROAD, XINYI DISTRICT
		CITY:			TAIPEI CITY
		STATE:			F5
		ZIP:			11073
		BUSINESS PHONE:		886020771307952

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		5/F-4, NO. 89
		STREET 2:		SONGREN ROAD, XINYI DISTRICT
		CITY:			TAIPEI CITY
		STATE:			F5
		ZIP:			11073

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Jade Mountain Acquisition Corp.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20210721

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001410578-23-000548.txt : 20230331

10-K
 1
 jmacu-20221231x10k.htm
 10-K

Table of Contents 
 UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION Washington, D.C. 20549 FORM (Mark One) ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(D) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 For the fiscal year ended TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(D) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 For the transition period from to Commission file number: (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) (I.R.S. Employer Identification Number) , (Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code) 

 Registrant s telephone number, including area code: + 

 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: Title of Each Class: Trading Symbol(s) Name of Each Exchange on Which Registered: The Stock Market LLC The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: None Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Exchange Act. Yes Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files). No Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company or an emerging growth company. See definition of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large accelerated filer Accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No As of June 30, 2022, the last business day of the registrant s most recently completed second fiscal quarter, the aggregate market value of the common stock outstanding, other than securities held by persons who may be deemed affiliates of the registrant, computed by reference to the closing sales price on June 30, 2022 for the Class A common stock, trading on such date, as reported on was . As of March 28, 2023 there were shares of the Company s Class A Common Stock, 0.0001 par value per share (the Class A Shares and of the Company s Class B Common Stock, 0.0001 par value per share issued and outstanding (the Class B Shares ). 

Table of Contents 
 TABLE OF CONTENTS PAGE PART I 1 Item 1. Business 1 Item 1A. Risk Factors 17 Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 20 Item 2. Properties 20 Item 3. Legal Proceedings 20 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 20 PART II Item 5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 21 Item 6. [Reserved] 21 Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 22 Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 26 Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 27 Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 27 Item 9A. Controls and Procedure 27 Item 9B. Other Information 27 Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 27 PART III Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 28 Item 11. Executive Compensation 32 Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 32 Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 34 Item 14. Principal Accounting Fees and Services 36 PART IV Item 15. Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 38 Item 16. Form 10-K Summary 38 
 i 

Table of Contents 
 CAUTIONARY NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS This Report (as defined below), including, without limitation, statements under the heading Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations, includes forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933 and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, or the Exchange Act. These forward-looking statements can be identified by the use of forward-looking terminology, including the words believes, estimates, anticipates, expects, intends, plans, may, will, potential, projects, predicts, continue, or should, or, in each case, their negative or other variations or comparable terminology. There can be no assurance that actual results will not materially differ from expectations. Such statements include, but are not limited to, any statements relating to our ability to consummate any acquisition or other business combination and any other statements that are not statements of current or historical facts. These statements are based on management s current expectations, but actual results may differ materially due to various factors, including, but not limited to: our ability to complete our initial business combination; our success in retaining or recruiting, or changes required in, our officers, key employees or directors following our initial business combination; our officers and directors allocating their time to other businesses and potentially having conflicts of interest with our business or in approving our initial business combination, as a result of which they would then receive expense reimbursements; our potential ability to obtain additional financing to complete our initial business combination; the ability of our officers and directors to generate a number of potential acquisition opportunities; our pool of prospective target businesses; the ability of our officers and directors to generate a number of potential acquisition opportunities; our public securities potential liquidity and trading; the lack of a market for our securities; the use of proceeds not held in the trust account or available to us from interest income on the trust account balance; or our financial performance. 
 The forward-looking statements contained in this Report are based on our current expectations and beliefs concerning future developments and their potential effects on us. Future developments affecting us may not be those that we have anticipated. These forward-looking statements involve a number of risks, uncertainties (some of which are beyond our control) or other assumptions that may cause actual results or performance to be materially different from those expressed or implied by these forward-looking statements. Should one or more of these risks or uncertainties materialize, or should any of our assumptions prove incorrect, actual results may vary in material respects from those projected in these forward-looking statements. We undertake no obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise, except as may be required under applicable securities laws. Unless otherwise stated in this Report, or the context otherwise requires, references to: amended and restated certificate of incorporation are to our Second Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation filed with the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware on October 7, 2021; board of directors or board are to the board of directors of the Company; common stock are to our Class A common stock and our Class B common stock, collectively; Continental are to Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company, trustee of our trust account (as defined below) and warrant agent of our public warrants (as defined below); DGCL are to the Delaware General Corporation Law; DWAC System are to the Depository Trust Company s Deposit/Withdrawal At Custodian System; Exchange Act are to the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended; founder shares are to shares of our Class B common stock initially purchased by our sponsor in a private placement prior to our initial public offering, and the shares of our Class A common stock issued upon the conversion thereof; GAAP are to the accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America; IFRS are to the International Financial Reporting Standards, as issued by the International Accounting Standards Board; initial business combination are to a merger, capital stock exchange, asset acquisition, stock purchase, reorganization or similar business combination with one or more businesses; 
 ii 

Table of Contents 
 initial public offering are to the initial public offering that was consummated by the Company on October 13, 2021; initial stockholders are to our sponsor and any other holders of our founder shares prior to our initial public offering (or their permitted transferees); Investment Company Act are to the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended; JOBS Act are to the Jumpstart Our Business Startups Act of 2012; MaloneBailey are to MaloneBailey, LLP, our independent registered public accounting firm. management or our management team are to our officers and directors Nasdaq are to the Nasdaq Stock Market; PCAOB are to the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States); private placement shares are to the shares of our common stock included within the private placement units purchased by our sponsor in the private placement; private placement units are to the units purchased by our sponsor in the private placement, each private placement unit consisting of one private placement share and one placement warrant; private placement warrants are to the warrants included within the private placement units purchased by our sponsor in the private placement; public shares are to shares of our Class A common stock sold as part of the units in our initial public offering (whether they are purchased in our initial public offering or thereafter in the open market); public stockholders are to the holders of our public shares, including our initial stockholders and members of our management team to the extent our initial stockholders and/or members of our management team purchase public shares; provided that each initial stockholder s and member of our management team s status as a public stockholder shall only exist with respect to such public shares; public units are to the units sold in our initial public offering, which consist of one public share and one public warrant; public warrants are to our redeemable warrants sold as part of the units in our initial public offering (whether they were purchased in the initial public offering or thereafter in the open market), to the private placement warrants if held by third parties other than our sponsor (or permitted transferees), and to any private placement warrants issued upon conversion of working capital loans that are sold to third parties that are not initial purchasers of our private placement warrants or executive officers or directors (or permitted transferees); Registration Statement are to the Form S-1 filed with the SEC on July 22, 2021, as amended; Report are to this Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022; Sarbanes-Oxley Act are to the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002; SEC are to the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission; Securities Act are to the Securities Act of 1933, as amended; sponsor are to MP One Investment LLC, a Delaware limited liability company; trust account are to the trust account in the United States, with Continental acting as trustee into which an amount of 105,052,500 10.15 per unit) on October 13, 2021 from the net proceeds of the sale of the units and private placement units in the initial public offering was placed following the closing of the initial public offering; units are to the public units and the private placement units; warrants are to our redeemable warrants, which includes the public warrants as well as the placement warrants and any warrants issued upon conversion of working capital loans to the extent they are no longer held by the initial holders or their permitted transferees; we, us, Company or our Company are to Maxpro Capital Acquisition Corp.; 
 iii 

Table of Contents 
 PART I Item 1. Business. Overview We are a newly-organized blank check company incorporated in June 2021 as a Delaware corporation whose business purpose is to effect a merger, capital stock exchange, asset acquisition, stock purchase, reorganization or similar business combination with one or more businesses, which we refer to as our initial business combination. To date, our efforts have been limited to organizational activities as well as activities related to this offering. We have not selected any specific business combination target and we have not, nor has anyone on our behalf, engaged in any substantive discussions, directly or indirectly, with any business combination target with respect to an initial business combination with us. While we may pursue an initial business combination opportunity in any business, industry, sector or geographical location, we intend to focus on industries that complement our management team s background and to capitalize on the ability of our management team to identify and acquire a business focusing on the healthcare technology sectors where our management team has extensive experience. Sectors we plan on exploring include, but are not limited to, the healthcare and technology industries, specifically within the biotechnology and pharmaceutical sectors. Initial Public Offering On October 13, 2021 we consummated our initial public offering of 10,350,000 units, including the underwriters over-allotment option of an additional 1,350,000 units. Each unit consists of one share of Class A common stock of the Company, par value 0.0001 per share, and one redeemable warrant of the Company, with each warrant entitling the holder thereof to purchase one share of Class A Common Stock for 11.50 per share. The units were sold at a price of 10.00 per unit, generating gross proceeds to the Company of 103,500,000. Simultaneously with the closing of the initial public offering, we completed the private sale of an aggregate of 464,150 units to our sponsor at a purchase price of 10.00 per private placement unit, generating gross proceeds of 4,641,500. It is the job of our sponsor and management team to complete our initial business combination. Our management team is led by our Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer, Chen, Hong - Jung (Moses), our Chief Financial Officer, Gau, Wey Chuan (Albert), and our Chief Strategy Officer, Song, Yung-Fong (Ron), who are well positioned to take advantage of the growing set of acquisition opportunities focused on healthcare and technology and that our contacts and relationships, ranging from owners and management teams of private and public companies, private equity funds, investment bankers, attorneys, to accountants and business brokers will allow us to generate an attractive transaction for our stockholders. We have up to 18 months from the closing of our IPO, or until April 13, 2023, to consummate an initial business combination. If our initial business combination is not consummated by April 13, 2023, then our existence will terminate, and we will distribute all amounts in the trust account. Recent Developments On September 14, 2022, we entered into a Business Combination Agreement (the Business Combination Agreement with Apollomics Inc., a Cayman Islands exempted company Apollomics ), and Project Max SPAC Merger Sub, Inc., a Delaware corporation and wholly-owned subsidiary of Apollomics Merger Sub ). On February 9, 2023, we entered into a First Amendment to the Business Combination Agreement (the Amendment ). The Amendment amends the Business Combination Agreement to provide that, with regard to the consideration to be paid to existing Apollomics shareholders, up to 3,100,000 Class A ordinary shares of Apollomics, par value 0.0001 per share Class A Ordinary Shares may be issued instead of Class B ordinary shares of Apollomics, par value 0.0001 per share Class B Ordinary Shares ), if the board of directors of Apollomics determines in good faith, following consultation with us, that such action is necessary or advisable to satisfy the condition set forth in Section 8.1(g) (Nasdaq Listing) of the Business Combination Agreement. Pursuant to the Business Combination Agreement, Merger Sub will merge with and into our company, with our company surviving the merger (the Merger ). As a result of the Merger, and upon consummation of the Merger and the other transactions 
 1 

Table of Contents 
 contemplated by the Business Combination Agreement Transactions ), we will become a wholly-owned subsidiary of Apollomics, with our stockholders becoming securityholders of Apollomics. Apollomics Inc. is an innovative clinical-stage biopharmaceutical company focused on the discovery and development of oncology therapies with the potential to be combined with other treatment options to harness the immune system and target specific molecular pathways to inhibit cancer. Apollomics currently has a pipeline of nine drug candidates across multiple programs, six of which are currently in the clinical stage of development. Apollomics lead programs include investigating its core product, vebreltinib (APL-101), a potent, selective c-Met inhibitor for the treatment of non-small cell lung cancer and other advanced tumors with c-Met alterations, which is currently in a Phase 2 multicohort clinical trial in the United States, and developing an anti-cancer enhancer drug candidate, uproleselan (APL-106), a specific E-Selectin antagonist that has the potential to be used adjunctively with standard chemotherapy to treat acute myeloid leukemia and other hematologic cancers, which is currently in Phase 1 and Phase 3 clinical trials in China. On March 20, 2023, we held a special meeting of stockholders, pursuant to which our stockholders approved, among other things, a proposal to approve and adopt the Business Combination Agreement and Merger. Holders of 10,270,060 shares of our Class A common stock elected to redeem their shares. The amount that will be paid out to redeem such shares will be approximately 108.3 million based on the amount held in trust on March 28, 2023. The Business Combination was completed as of March 29, 2023. The combined company retained the Apollomics Inc. name and its ordinary shares are listed on the Nasdaq Stock Market under the ticker symbol APLM . Further information regarding Apollomics and the Transactions is set forth in our definitive proxy statement that was filed with the SEC on February 28, 2023. Investors may read such filing by going to the SEC website at www.sec.gov. Acquisition Criteria We seek potential target businesses globally. In doing so, we use a global network of professional contacts that has been developed by our management team over many years. This network encompasses private equity firms, venture capitalists and entrepreneurs. Our sourcing methodology includes pre-screening steps that we believe lead to fruitful negotiating phases and ultimately, will lead to a final agreement. Consistent with our strategy, we have identified the following general criteria and guidelines that we believe are important in evaluating prospective target businesses. We will use these criteria and guidelines in evaluating acquisition opportunities, but we may decide to enter into our initial business combination with a target business that does not meet these criteria and guidelines. Target Size : Consistent with our investment thesis as described above, we plan to target businesses with total enterprise values ranging from 200 million to 2 billion in the healthcare and technology industries, specifically within the biotechnology and pharmaceutical sectors. Businesses with Revenue and Earnings Growth Potential . We will seek to acquire one or more businesses that have the potential for significant revenue and earnings growth through a combination of both existing and new product development, increased production capacity, expense reduction and synergistic follow-on acquisitions resulting in increased operating leverage. Businesses with Potential for Strong Free Cash Flow Generation . We will seek to acquire one or more businesses that have the potential to generate strong, stable and increasing free cash flow. We intend to focus on one or more businesses that have predictable revenue streams and definable low working capital and capital expenditure requirements. We may also seek to prudently leverage this cash flow in order to enhance stockholder value. Strong Management . We will seek companies with strong management teams already in place. We will spend significant time assessing a company s leadership and human fabric, and maximizing its efficiency over time. 
 2 

Table of Contents 
 Benefit from Being a Public Company . We intend to acquire one or more businesses that will benefit from being publicly-traded and can effectively utilize the broader access to capital and the public profile that are associated with being a publicly traded company. Appropriate Valuations and Upside Potential . We intend to apply rigorous, criteria-based, disciplined, and valuation-centric metrics. We intend to acquire a target on terms that we believe provide significant upside potential while seeking to limit risk to our investors. 
 These criteria are not intended to be exhaustive. Any evaluation relating to the merits of a particular initial business combination may be based, to the extent relevant, on these general guidelines as well as other considerations, factors and criteria that from time to time our management may deem relevant. We may need to obtain additional financing either to complete our initial business combination or because we become obligated to redeem a significant number of our public shares upon completion of our initial business combination. We intend to acquire a company with an enterprise value significantly above the net proceeds of our initial public offering and the sale of the private placement units. Depending on the size of the transaction or the number of public shares we become obligated to redeem, we may potentially utilize several additional financing sources, including but not limited to the issuance of additional securities to the sellers of a target business, debt issued by banks or other lenders or the owners of the target, a private placement to raise additional funds, or a combination of the foregoing. If we are unable to complete our initial business combination because we do not have sufficient funds available to us, we will be forced to cease operations and liquidate the trust account. In addition, following our initial business combination, if cash on hand is insufficient to meet our obligations or our working capital needs, we may need to obtain additional financing. Initial Business Combination Nasdaq rules require that we must complete one or more business combinations having an aggregate fair market value of at least 80 of the value of the assets held in the trust account (excluding the deferred underwriting commissions and taxes payable on the interest earned on the trust account) at the time of our signing a definitive agreement in connection with our initial business combination. Our board of directors will make the determination as to the fair market value of our initial business combination. If our board of directors is not able to independently determine the fair market value of our initial business combination, we will obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking firm or another independent entity that commonly renders valuation opinions with respect to the satisfaction of such criteria. While we consider it unlikely that our board of directors will not be able to make an independent determination of the fair market value of our initial business combination, it may be unable to do so if it is less familiar or experienced with the business of a particular target or if there is a significant amount of uncertainty as to the value of a target s assets or prospects. Additionally, pursuant to Nasdaq rules, any initial business combination must be approved by a majority of our independent directors. We anticipate structuring our initial business combination so that the post-transaction company in which our public stockholders own shares will own or acquire 100 of the equity interests or assets of the target business or businesses. We may, however, structure our initial business combination such that the post-transaction company owns or acquires less than 100 of such interests or assets of the target business in order to meet certain objectives of the prior owners of the target business, the target management team or stockholders or for other reasons, but we will only complete such business combination if the post-transaction company owns or acquires 50 or more of the outstanding voting securities of the target or otherwise acquires a controlling interest in the target sufficient for it not to be required to register as an investment company under the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended (the Investment Company Act ). Even if the post-transaction company owns or acquires 50 or more of the voting securities of the target, our stockholders prior to the business combination may collectively own a minority interest in the post-transaction company, depending on valuations ascribed to the target and us in the business combination transaction. For example, we could pursue a transaction in which we issue a substantial number of new shares in exchange for all of the outstanding capital stock, shares or other equity interests of a target. In this case, we would acquire a 100 controlling interest in the target. However, as a result of the issuance of a substantial number of new shares, our stockholders immediately prior to our initial business combination could own less than a majority of our issued and outstanding shares subsequent to our initial business combination. If less than 100 of the equity interests or assets of a target business or businesses are owned or acquired by the post-transaction company, the portion of such business or businesses that is owned or acquired is what will be valued for purposes of the 80 of net assets test. If the business combination involves more than one target business, the 80 of net assets test will be based on the aggregate value of all of the target businesses and we will treat the target businesses together as our initial business combination for purposes of a tender offer or for seeking stockholder approval, as applicable. 
 3 

Table of Contents 
 Our Business Combination Process In evaluating prospective business combinations, we conduct a thorough due diligence review process that encompasses, among other things, meetings with incumbent management and employees, document reviews, inspection of facilities, as well as a review of financial, operational, legal and other information which will be made available to us. We also seek to utilize the expertise of our management team in analyzing healthcare and technology companies and evaluating operating projections, financial projections and determining the appropriate return expectations given the risk profile of the target business. We are not prohibited from pursuing an initial business combination with a company that is affiliated with our sponsor, officers or directors. In the event we seek to complete our initial business combination with a company that is affiliated with our sponsor, officers or directors, we, or a committee of independent directors, will obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking firm or another independent entity that commonly renders valuation opinions that our initial business combination is fair to our company from a financial point of view. Certain of our officers and directors presently have, and any of them in the future may have, fiduciary or contractual obligations to other entities pursuant to which such officer or director is or will be required to present a business combination opportunity. Accordingly, if any of our officers or directors becomes aware of a business combination opportunity which is suitable for an entity to which he or she has then-current fiduciary or contractual obligations to present the opportunity to such entity, he or she will honor his or her fiduciary or contractual obligations to present such opportunity to such entity. We believe, however, that the fiduciary duties or contractual obligations of our officers or directors will not materially affect our ability to complete our initial business combination. Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation provides that we renounce our interest in any corporate opportunity offered to any director or officer unless such opportunity is expressly offered to such person solely in his or her capacity as a director or officer of our company and such opportunity is one we are legally and contractually permitted to undertake and would otherwise be reasonable for us to pursue, and to the extent the director or officer is permitted to refer that opportunity to us without violating another legal obligation. Our Management Team Members of our management team are not obligated to devote any specific number of hours to our matters but they devote as much of their time as they, in the exercise of their respective business judgement, deem necessary to our affairs until we have completed our initial business combination. The amount of time our officers devote in any time period varies based on the stage of the initial business combination process we are in. We do not have an employment agreement with any member of our management team. We believe our management team s operating and transaction experience and relationships with companies will provide us with a substantial number of potential business combination targets. Over the course of their careers, the members of our management team have developed a broad network of contacts and corporate relationships in the healthcare and technology industries. This network has grown through the activities of our management team having served as directors or officers for numerous publicly-listed and privately-owned companies and experience with acquisitions, divestitures and corporate strategy and implementation. Status as a Public Company We believe our structure will make us an attractive business combination partner to target businesses. As a public company, we offer a target business an alternative to the traditional initial public offering through a merger or other business combination with us. Following an initial business combination, we believe the target business would have greater access to capital and additional means of creating management incentives that are better aligned with stockholders interests than it would as a private company. A target business can further benefit by augmenting its profile among potential new customers and vendors and aid in attracting talented employees. In a business combination transaction with us, the owners of the target business may, for example, exchange their shares of stock in the target business for our shares of Class A common stock (or shares of a new holding company) or for a combination of our shares of Class A common stock and cash, allowing us to tailor the consideration to the specific needs of the sellers. Although there are various costs and obligations associated with being a public company, we believe target businesses will find this method a more expeditious and cost-effective method to becoming a public company than the typical initial public offering. The typical initial public offering process takes a significantly longer period of time than the typical business combination transaction process, and there are significant expenses in the initial public offering process, including underwriting discounts and commissions, marketing and road show efforts that may not be present to the same extent in connection with an initial business combination with us. 
 4 

Table of Contents 
 Furthermore, once a proposed initial business combination is completed, the target business will have effectively become public, whereas an initial public offering is always subject to the underwriters ability to complete the offering, as well as general market conditions, which could delay or prevent the offering from occurring or could have negative valuation consequences. Following an initial business combination, we believe the target business would then have greater access to capital and an additional means of providing management incentives consistent with stockholders interests and the ability to use its shares as currency for acquisitions. Being a public company can offer further benefits by augmenting a company s profile among potential new customers and vendors and aid in attracting talented employees. While we believe that our structure and our management team s backgrounds will make us an attractive business partner, some potential target businesses may view our status as a blank check company, such as our lack of an operating history and our ability to seek stockholder approval of any proposed initial business combination, negatively. We are an emerging growth company, as defined in Section 2(a) of the Securities Act, as modified by the JOBS Act. As such, we are eligible to take advantage of certain exemptions from various reporting requirements that are applicable to other public companies that are not emerging growth companies including, but not limited to, not being required to comply with the independent registered public accounting firm attestation requirements of Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, reduced disclosure obligations regarding executive compensation in our periodic reports and proxy statements, and exemptions from the requirements of holding a non-binding advisory vote on executive compensation and stockholder approval of any golden parachute payments not previously approved. If some investors find our securities less attractive as a result, there may be a less active trading market for our securities and the prices of our securities may be more volatile. In addition, Section 107 of the JOBS Act also provides that an emerging growth company can take advantage of the extended transition period provided in Section 7(a)(2)(B) of the Securities Act for complying with new or revised accounting standards. In other words, an emerging growth company can delay the adoption of certain accounting standards until those standards would otherwise apply to private companies. We intend to take advantage of the benefits of this extended transition period. We will remain an emerging growth company until the earlier of (1) the last day of the fiscal year (a) following October 13, 2026 the fifth anniversary of the completion of our initial public offering, (b) in which we have total annual gross revenue of at least 1.235 billion, or (c) in which we are deemed to be a large accelerated filer, which means the market value of our Class A common stock that is held by non-affiliates exceeds 700 million as of the prior June 30 th , and (2) the date on which we have issued more than 1.0 billion in non-convertible debt securities during the prior three-year period. Additionally, we are a smaller reporting company as defined in Rule 10(f)(1) of Regulation S-K. Smaller reporting companies may take advantage of certain reduced disclosure obligations, including, among other things, providing only two years of audited financial statements. We will remain a smaller reporting company until the last day of the fiscal year in which (1) the market value of our common stock held by non-affiliates equals or exceeds 250 million as of the end of the prior June 30 th , or (2) our annual revenues equaled or exceeded 100 million during such completed fiscal year and the market value of our common stock held by non-affiliates exceeds 700 million as of the prior June 30 th . Financial Position On March 20, 2023, Maxpro Capital Acquisition Corp. Maxpro held a special meeting of stockholders (the Meeting ), which was called to approve the proposals relating to the entry into and consummation of the Business Combination Agreement dated as of September 14, 2022, Maxpro s stockholders approved the Business Combination Proposal. As of December 31, 2022, the funds available for completing the initial business combination in the amount of 107.3 million. The Business Combination was completed as of March 29, 2023. We were able to complete our initial business combination using our cash, debt or equity securities, or a combination of the foregoing. Effecting Our Initial Business Combination We are not presently engaged in, and we will not engage in, any operations other than the pursuit of our initial business combination, for an indefinite period of time. We intend to effectuate our initial business combination using cash from the proceeds of our initial public offering and the private placement of the private placement units, the proceeds of the sale of our shares in connection 
 5 

Table of Contents 
 with our initial business combination (pursuant to backstop agreements we may enter into following the consummation of our initial public offering or otherwise), shares issued to the owners of the target, debt issued to bank or other lenders or the owners of the target, or a combination of the foregoing. We may seek to complete our initial business combination with a company or business that may be financially unstable or in its early stages of development or growth, which would subject us to the numerous risks inherent in such companies and businesses. If our initial business combination is paid for using equity or debt securities, or not all of the funds released from the trust account are used for payment of the consideration in connection with our initial business combination or used for redemptions of our Class A common stock, we may apply the balance of the cash released to us from the trust account for general corporate purposes, including for maintenance or expansion of operations of the post-transaction company, the payment of principal or interest due on indebtedness incurred in completing our initial business combination, to fund the purchase of other companies or for working capital. We may seek to raise additional funds through a private offering of debt or equity securities in connection with the completion of our initial business combination, and we may effectuate our initial business combination using the proceeds of such offering rather than using the amounts held in the trust account. In addition, we are targeting businesses larger than we could acquire with the net proceeds of our initial public offering and the sale of the private placement units, and may as a result be required to seek additional financing to complete such proposed initial business combination. Subject to compliance with applicable securities laws, we would expect to complete such financing only simultaneously with the completion of our initial business combination. In the case of an initial business combination funded with assets other than the trust account assets, our proxy materials or tender offer documents disclosing the initial business combination would disclose the terms of the financing and, only if required by law, we would seek stockholder approval of such financing. There are no prohibitions on our ability to raise funds privately, or through loans in connection with our initial business combination. At this time, we are not a party to any arrangement or understanding with any third party with respect to raising any additional funds through the sale of securities or otherwise. Sources of Target Businesses Target business candidates are brought to our attention from various unaffiliated sources, including investment bankers and investment professionals. Target businesses are also brought to our attention by such unaffiliated sources as a result of being solicited by us by calls or mailings. These sources introduce us to target businesses in which they think we may be interested on an unsolicited basis, since many of these sources will have read the prospectus of our initial public offering and know what types of businesses we are targeting. Our officers and directors, as well as our sponsor and their affiliates, also bring to our attention target business candidates that they become aware of through their business contacts as a result of formal or informal inquiries or discussions they may have, as well as attending trade shows or conventions. In addition, we expect to receive a number of deal flow opportunities that would not otherwise necessarily be available to us as a result of the business relationships of our officers and directors and our sponsor and their affiliates. We have engaged the services of professional firms and other individuals that specialize in business acquisitions, in which event we may pay a finder s fee, consulting fee, advisory fee or other compensation to be determined in an arm s length negotiation based on the terms of the transaction. We will engage a finder only to the extent our management determines that the use of a finder may bring opportunities to us that may not otherwise be available to us or if finders approach us on an unsolicited basis with a potential transaction that our management determines is in our best interest to pursue. Payment of finder s fees is customarily tied to completion of a transaction, in which case any such fee will be paid out of the funds held in the trust account. In no event, however, will our sponsor or any of our existing officers or directors be paid any finder s fee, reimbursement, consulting fee, monies in respect of any payment of a loan or other compensation by the company prior to, or in connection with any services rendered for any services they render in order to effectuate, the completion of our initial business combination (regardless of the type of transaction that it is). None of our sponsor, executive officers or directors, or any of their respective affiliates, will be allowed to receive any compensation, finder s fees or consulting fees from a prospective business combination target in connection with a contemplated initial business combination except as set forth herein. We pay Maxpro Capital Management LTD, an affiliate of our sponsor, a total of 10,000 per month for office space, utilities and secretarial and administrative support and to reimburse our sponsor for any out-of-pocket expenses related to identifying, investigating, and completing an initial business combination. Some of our officers and directors may enter into employment or consulting agreements with the post-transaction company following our initial business combination. The presence or absence of any such fees or arrangements will not be used as a criterion in our selection process of an initial business combination candidate. We are not prohibited from pursuing an initial business combination with an initial business combination target that is affiliated with our sponsor, officers or directors or making the initial business combination through a joint venture or other form of shared ownership with our sponsor, officers or directors. In the event we seek to complete our initial business combination with an initial 
 6 

Table of Contents 
 business combination target that is affiliated with our sponsor, officers or directors, we, or a committee of independent directors, would obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking firm or another independent entity that commonly renders valuation opinions that such an initial business combination is fair to our company from a financial point of view. We are not required to obtain such an opinion in any other context. If any of our officers or directors becomes aware of an initial business combination opportunity that falls within the line of business of any entity to which he or she has pre-existing fiduciary or contractual obligations, he or she may be required to present such business combination opportunity to such entity prior to presenting such business combination opportunity to us. Our officers and directors currently have certain relevant fiduciary duties or contractual obligations that may take priority over their duties to us. Selection of a Target Business and Structuring of our Initial Business Combination Nasdaq rules require that we must complete one or more business combinations having an aggregate fair market value of at least 80 of the value of the assets held in the trust account (excluding the deferred underwriting commissions and taxes payable on the interest earned on the trust account) at the time of our signing a definitive agreement in connection with our initial business combination. The fair market value of our initial business combination will be determined by our board of directors based upon one or more standards generally accepted by the financial community, such as discounted cash flow valuation, a valuation based on trading multiples of comparable public businesses or a valuation based on the financial metrics of M A transactions of comparable businesses. If our board of directors is not able to independently determine the fair market value of our initial business combination, we will obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking firm or another independent entity that commonly renders valuation opinions with respect to the satisfaction of such criteria. While we consider it unlikely that our board of directors will not be able to make an independent determination of the fair market value of our initial business combination, it may be unable to do so if it is less familiar or experienced with the business of a particular target or if there is a significant amount of uncertainty as to the value of a target s assets or prospects. We do not intend to purchase multiple businesses in unrelated industries in conjunction with our initial business combination. Subject to this requirement, our management will have virtually unrestricted flexibility in identifying and selecting one or more prospective target businesses, although we will not be permitted to effectuate our initial business combination with another blank check company or a similar company with nominal operations. In any case, we will only complete an initial business combination in which we own or acquire 50 or more of the outstanding voting securities of the target or otherwise acquire a controlling interest in the target sufficient for it not to be required to register as an investment company under the Investment Company Act. If we own or acquire less than 100 of the equity interests or assets of a target business or businesses, the portion of such business or businesses that are owned or acquired by the post-transaction company is what will be taken into account for purposes of Nasdaq s 80 fair market value test. There is no basis for our investors to evaluate the possible merits or risks of any target business with which we may ultimately complete our initial business combination. To the extent we effect our initial business combination with a company or business that may be financially unstable or in its early stages of development or growth we may be affected by numerous risks inherent in such company or business. Although our management will endeavor to evaluate the risks inherent in a particular target business, we cannot assure you that we will properly ascertain or assess all significant risk factors. In evaluating a prospective business target, we expect to conduct a thorough due diligence review, which may encompass, among other things, meetings with incumbent management and employees, document reviews, interviews of customers and suppliers, inspection of facilities, as well as a review of financial and other information that will be made available to us. The time required to select and evaluate a target business and to structure and complete our initial business combination, and the costs associated with this process, are not currently ascertainable with any degree of certainty. Any costs incurred with respect to the identification and evaluation of a prospective target business with which our initial business combination is not ultimately completed will result in our incurring losses and will reduce the funds we can use to complete another business combination. Lack of Business Diversification For an indefinite period of time after the completion of our initial business combination, the prospects for our success may depend entirely on the future performance of a single business. Unlike other entities that have the resources to complete business 
 7 

Table of Contents 
 combinations with multiple entities in one or several industries, it is probable that we will not have the resources to diversify our operations and mitigate the risks of being in a single line of business. In addition, we are focusing our search for an initial business combination in a single industry. By completing our initial business combination with only a single entity, our lack of diversification may: subject us to negative economic, competitive and regulatory developments, any or all of which may have a substantial adverse impact on the particular industry in which we operate after our initial business combination, and cause us to depend on the marketing and sale of a single product or limited number of products or services. 
 Limited Ability to Evaluate the Target s Management Team Although we closely scrutinize the management of a prospective target business when evaluating the desirability of effecting our initial business combination with that business, our assessment of the target business management may not prove to be correct. In addition, the future management may not have the necessary skills, qualifications or abilities to manage a public company. Furthermore, the future role of members of our management team, if any, in the target business cannot presently be stated with any certainty. The determination as to whether any of the members of our management team will remain with the combined company will be made at the time of our initial business combination. While it is possible that one or more of our directors will remain associated in some capacity with us following our initial business combination, it is unlikely that any of them will devote their full efforts to our affairs subsequent to our initial business combination. Moreover, we cannot assure you that members of our management team will have significant experience or knowledge relating to the operations of the particular target business. We cannot assure you that any of our key personnel will remain in senior management or advisory positions with the combined company. The determination as to whether any of our key personnel will remain with the combined company will be made at the time of our initial business combination. Following an initial business combination, we may seek to recruit additional managers to supplement the incumbent management of the target business. We cannot assure you that we will have the ability to recruit additional managers, or that additional managers will have the requisite skills, knowledge or experience necessary to enhance the incumbent management. Stockholders May Not Have the Ability to Approve Our Initial Business Combination We may conduct redemptions without a stockholder vote pursuant to the tender offer rules of the SEC. However, we will seek stockholder approval if it is required by law or applicable stock exchange rule, or we may decide to seek stockholder approval for business or other legal reasons. Presented in the table below is a graphic explanation of the types of initial business combinations we may consider and whether stockholder approval is currently required under Delaware law for each such transaction. 

Whether Stockholder Approval is Type of Transaction Required Purchase of assets No Purchase of stock of target not involving a merger with the company No Merger of target into a subsidiary of the company No Merger of the company with a target Yes Under Nasdaq s listing rules, stockholder approval would be required for our initial business combination if, for example: we issue shares of Class A common stock that will be equal to or in excess of 20 of the number of shares of our Class A common stock then outstanding; any of our directors, officers or substantial stockholders (as defined by Nasdaq rules) has a 5 or greater interest (or such persons collectively have a 10 or greater interest), directly or indirectly, in the target business or assets to be acquired or otherwise and the present or potential issuance of common stock could result in an increase in outstanding common shares or voting power of 5 or more; or the issuance or potential issuance of common stock will result in our undergoing a change of control. 

 8 

Table of Contents 
 Permitted Purchases of our Securities If we seek stockholder approval of our initial business combination and we do not conduct redemptions in connection with our initial business combination pursuant to the tender offer rules, our sponsor, initial stockholders, directors, officers, or their affiliates may purchase public shares or public warrants in privately negotiated transactions or in the open market either prior to or following the completion of our initial business combination. There is no limit on the number of shares our initial stockholders, directors, officers or their affiliates may purchase in such transactions, subject to compliance with applicable law and Nasdaq rules. However, they have no current commitments, plans or intentions to engage in such transactions and have not formulated any terms or conditions for any such transactions. If they engage in such transactions, they will not make any such purchases when they are in possession of any material nonpublic information not disclosed to the seller or if such purchases are prohibited by Regulation M under the Exchange Act. We do not currently anticipate that such purchases, if any, would constitute a tender offer subject to the tender offer rules under the Exchange Act or a going-private transaction subject to the going-private rules under the Exchange Act; however, if the purchasers determine at the time of any such purchases that the purchases are subject to such rules, the purchasers will comply with such rules. Any such purchases will be reported pursuant to Section 13 and Section 16 of the Exchange Act to the extent such purchasers are subject to such reporting requirements. None of the funds held in the trust account will be used to purchase shares or public warrants in such transactions prior to completion of our initial business combination. The purpose of any such purchases of shares could be to vote such shares in favor of the initial business combination and thereby increase the likelihood of obtaining stockholder approval of the initial business combination or to satisfy a closing condition in an agreement with a target that requires us to have a minimum net worth or a certain amount of cash at the closing of our initial business combination, where it appears that such requirement would otherwise not be met. The purpose of any such purchases of public warrants could be to reduce the number of public warrants outstanding or to vote such warrants on any matters submitted to the warrant holders for approval in connection with our initial business combination. Any such purchases of our securities may result in the completion of our initial business combination that may not otherwise have been possible. In addition, if such purchases are made, the public float of our shares of Class A common stock or warrants may be reduced and the number of beneficial holders of our securities may be reduced, which may make it difficult to maintain or obtain the quotation, listing or trading of our securities on a national securities exchange. Our sponsor, officers, directors and/or their affiliates anticipate that they may identify the stockholders with whom our sponsor, officers, directors or their affiliates may pursue privately negotiated purchases by either the stockholders contacting us directly or by our receipt of redemption requests submitted by stockholders following our mailing of proxy materials in connection with our initial business combination. To the extent that our sponsor, officers, directors or their affiliates enter into a private purchase, they would identify and contact only potential selling stockholders who have expressed their election to redeem their shares for a pro rata share of the trust account or vote against our initial business combination, whether or not such stockholder has already submitted a proxy with respect to our initial business combination. Our sponsor, officers, directors or their affiliates will only purchase public shares if such purchases comply with Regulation M under the Exchange Act and the other federal securities laws. Any purchases by our sponsor, officers, directors and/or their affiliates who are affiliated purchasers under Rule 10b-18 under the Exchange Act will only be made to the extent such purchases are able to be made in compliance with Rule 10b-18, which is a safe harbor from liability for manipulation under Section 9(a)(2) and Rule 10b-5 of the Exchange Act. Rule 10b-18 has certain technical requirements that must be complied with in order for the safe harbor to be available to the purchaser. Our sponsor, officers, directors and/or their affiliates will not make purchases of common stock if the purchases would violate Section 9(a)(2) or Rule 10b-5 of the Exchange Act. Any such purchases will be reported pursuant to Section 13 and Section 16 of the Exchange Act to the extent such purchases are subject to such reporting requirements. Redemption Rights for Public Stockholders upon Completion of our Initial Business Combination We will provide our public stockholders with the opportunity to redeem all or a portion of their shares of Class A common stock upon the completion of our initial business combination at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account as of two business days prior to the consummation of the initial business combination including interest earned on the funds held in the trust account and not previously released to us to pay our taxes, divided by the number of then outstanding public shares, subject to the limitations described herein. As of December 31, 2022 the amount in the trust account was approximately 10.36 per public share. The per-share amount we will distribute to investors who properly redeem their shares will not be reduced by the deferred underwriting commissions we will pay to the underwriters. Our sponsor, officers and directors have entered into a letter 
 9 

Table of Contents 
 agreement with us, pursuant to which they have agreed to waive their redemption rights with respect to any founder shares and private placement shares and any public shares held by them in connection with the completion of our initial business combination. Manner of Conducting Redemptions We will provide our public stockholders with the opportunity to redeem all or a portion of their shares of Class A common stock upon the completion of our initial business combination either (i) in connection with a stockholder meeting called to approve the initial business combination or (ii) by means of a tender offer. The decision as to whether we will seek stockholder approval of a proposed initial business combination or conduct a tender offer will be made by us, solely in our discretion, and will be based on a variety of factors such as the timing of the transaction and whether the terms of the transaction would require us to seek stockholder approval under the law or stock exchange listing requirement. Under Nasdaq rules, asset acquisitions and stock purchases would not typically require stockholder approval while direct mergers with our company where we do not survive and any transactions where we issue more than 20 of our outstanding common stock or seek to amend our amended and restated certificate of incorporation would require stockholder approval. If we structure an initial business combination with a target company in a manner that requires stockholder approval, we will not have discretion as to whether to seek a stockholder vote to approve the proposed initial business combination. We may conduct redemptions without a stockholder vote pursuant to the tender offer rules of the SEC unless stockholder approval is required by law or stock exchange listing requirements or we choose to seek stockholder approval for business or other legal reasons. So long as we obtain and maintain a listing for our securities on Nasdaq, we will be required to comply with such rules. If stockholder approval of the transaction is required by law or stock exchange listing requirement, or we decide to obtain stockholder approval for business or other legal reasons, we will, pursuant to our amended and restated certificate of incorporation: conduct the redemptions in conjunction with a proxy solicitation pursuant to Regulation 14A of the Exchange Act, which regulates the solicitation of proxies, and not pursuant to the tender offer rules, and file proxy materials with the SEC. 
 In the event that we seek stockholder approval of our initial business combination, we will distribute proxy materials and, in connection therewith, provide our public stockholders with the redemption rights described above upon completion of the initial business combination. If we seek stockholder approval, we will complete our initial business combination only if a majority of the outstanding shares of common stock voted are voted in favor of the initial business combination. A quorum for such meeting will consist of the holders present in person or by proxy of shares of outstanding capital stock of the company representing a majority of the voting power of all outstanding shares of capital stock of the company entitled to vote at such meeting. Our initial stockholders will count toward this quorum and pursuant to the letter agreement, our sponsor, officers and directors have agreed to vote their founder shares and private placement shares and any public shares purchased during or after our initial public offering (including in open market and privately negotiated transactions) in favor of our initial business combination. For purposes of seeking approval of the majority of our outstanding shares of common stock voted, non-votes will have no effect on the approval of our initial business combination once a quorum is obtained. We intend to give approximately 30 days (but not less than 10 days nor more than 60 days) prior written notice of any such meeting, if required, at which a vote shall be taken to approve our initial business combination. These quorum and voting thresholds, and the voting agreements of our initial stockholders, may make it more likely that we will consummate our initial business combination. Each public stockholder may elect to redeem its public shares irrespective of whether they vote for or against the proposed transaction. If a stockholder vote is not required and we do not decide to hold a stockholder vote for business or other legal reasons, we will, pursuant to our amended and restated certificate of incorporation: conduct the redemptions pursuant to Rule 13e-4 and Regulation 14E of the Exchange Act, which regulate issuer tender offers, and file tender offer documents with the SEC prior to completing our initial business combination which contain substantially the same financial and other information about the initial business combination and the redemption rights as is required under Regulation 14A of the Exchange Act, which regulates the solicitation of proxies. 

 10 

Table of Contents 
 Upon the public announcement of our initial business combination, we or our sponsor will terminate any plan established in accordance with Rule 10b5-1 to purchase shares of our Class A common stock in the open market if we elect to redeem our public shares through a tender offer, to comply with Rule 14e-5 under the Exchange Act. In the event we conduct redemptions pursuant to the tender offer rules, our offer to redeem will remain open for at least 20 business days, in accordance with Rule 14e-1(a) under the Exchange Act, and we will not be permitted to complete our initial business combination until the expiration of the tender offer period. In addition, the tender offer will be conditioned on public stockholders not tendering more than a specified number of public shares which are not purchased by our sponsor, which number will be based on the requirement that we will only redeem our public shares so long as (after such redemption) our net tangible assets will be at least 5,000,001 either immediately prior to or upon consummation of our initial business combination and after payment of underwriters fees and commissions (so that we are not subject to the SEC s penny stock rules) or any greater net tangible asset or cash requirement which may be contained in the agreement relating to our initial business combination. If public stockholders tender more shares than we have offered to purchase, we will withdraw the tender offer and not complete the initial business combination. Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation provides that we will only redeem our public shares so long as (after such redemption) our net tangible assets will be at least 5,000,001 either immediately prior to or upon consummation of our initial business combination and after payment of underwriters fees and commissions (so that we are not subject to the SEC s penny stock rules) or any greater net tangible asset or cash requirement which may be contained in the agreement relating to our initial business combination. For example, the proposed initial business combination may require: (i) cash consideration to be paid to the target or its owners, (ii) cash to be transferred to the target for working capital or other general corporate purposes or (iii) the retention of cash to satisfy other conditions in accordance with the terms of the proposed initial business combination. In the event the aggregate cash consideration we would be required to pay for all shares of Class A common stock that are validly submitted for redemption plus any amount required to satisfy cash conditions pursuant to the terms of the proposed initial business combination exceed the aggregate amount of cash available to us, we will not complete the initial business combination or redeem any shares, and all shares of Class A common stock submitted for redemption will be returned to the holders thereof. Limitation on Redemption upon Completion of our Initial Business Combination if we Seek Stockholder Approval Notwithstanding the foregoing, if we seek stockholder approval of our initial business combination and we do not conduct redemptions in connection with our initial business combination pursuant to the tender offer rules, our amended and restated certificate of incorporation provides that a public stockholder, together with any affiliate of such stockholder or any other person with whom such stockholder is acting in concert or as a group (as defined under Section 13 of the Exchange Act), will be restricted from seeking redemption rights with respect to more than an aggregate of 15 of the shares sold in our initial public offering, which we refer to as the Excess Shares. Such restriction shall also be applicable to our affiliates. We believe this restriction will discourage stockholders from accumulating large blocks of shares, and subsequent attempts by such holders to use their ability to exercise their redemption rights against a proposed initial business combination as a means to force us or our management to purchase their shares at a significant premium to the then-current market price or on other undesirable terms. By limiting our stockholders ability to redeem no more than 15 of the shares sold in our initial public offering without our prior consent, we believe we will limit the ability of a small group of stockholders to unreasonably attempt to block our ability to complete our initial business combination, particularly in connection with an initial business combination with a target that requires as a closing condition that we have a minimum net worth or a certain amount of cash. However, we would not be restricting our stockholders ability to vote all of their shares (including Excess Shares) for or against our initial business combination. Tendering Stock Certificates in Connection with Redemption Rights We may require our public stockholders seeking to exercise their redemption rights, whether they are record holders or hold their shares in street name, to either tender their certificates to our transfer agent up to two business days prior to the vote on the proposal to approve the initial business combination, or to deliver their shares to the transfer agent electronically using the DWAC System, at the holder s option. The proxy materials that we will furnish to holders of our public shares in connection with our initial business combination will indicate whether we are requiring public stockholders to satisfy such delivery requirements. Accordingly, a public stockholder would have up to two days prior to the vote on the initial business combination to tender its shares if it wishes to seek to exercise its redemption rights. Given the relatively short exercise period, it is advisable for stockholders to use electronic delivery of their public shares. 
 11 

Table of Contents 
 There is a nominal cost associated with the above-referenced tendering process and the act of certificating the shares or delivering them through the DWAC System. The transfer agent will typically charge the tendering broker 80.00 and it would be up to the broker whether or not to pass this cost on to the redeeming holder. However, this fee would be incurred regardless of whether or not we require holders seeking to exercise redemption rights to tender their shares. The need to deliver shares is a requirement of exercising redemption rights regardless of the timing of when such delivery must be effectuated. The foregoing is different from the procedures used by many blank check companies. In order to perfect redemption rights in connection with their business combinations, many blank check companies would distribute proxy materials for the stockholders vote on an initial business combination, and a holder could simply vote against a proposed initial business combination and check a box on the proxy card indicating such holder was seeking to exercise his or her redemption rights. After the initial business combination was approved, the company would contact such stockholder to arrange for him or her to deliver his or her certificate to verify ownership. As a result, the stockholder then had an option window after the completion of the initial business combination during which he or she could monitor the price of the company s stock in the market. If the price rose above the redemption price, he or she could sell his or her shares in the open market before actually delivering his or her shares to the company for cancellation. As a result, the redemption rights, to which stockholders were aware they needed to commit before the stockholder meeting, would become option rights surviving past the completion of the initial business combination until the redeeming holder delivered its certificate. The requirement for physical or electronic delivery prior to the meeting ensures that a redeeming holder s election to redeem is irrevocable once the initial business combination is approved. Any request to redeem such shares, once made, may be withdrawn at any time up to the date of the stockholder meeting. Furthermore, if a holder of a public share delivered its certificate in connection with an election of redemption rights and subsequently decides prior to the applicable date not to elect to exercise such rights, such holder may simply request that the transfer agent return the certificate (physically or electronically). It is anticipated that the funds to be distributed to holders of our public shares electing to redeem their shares will be distributed promptly after the completion of our initial business combination. If our initial business combination is not approved or completed for any reason, then our public stockholders who elected to exercise their redemption rights would not be entitled to redeem their shares for the applicable pro rata share of the trust account. In such case, we will promptly return any certificates delivered by public holders who elected to redeem their shares. If our initial proposed initial business combination is not completed, we may continue to try to complete an initial business combination with a different target by April 13, 2023. Redemption of Public Shares and Liquidation if no Initial Business Combination Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation provides that we will have until April 13, 2023 to complete our initial business combination. If we are unable to complete our initial business combination by April 13, 2023, we will: (i) cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up, (ii) as promptly as reasonably possible but not more than ten business days thereafter, redeem the public shares, at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account including interest earned on the funds held in the trust account and not previously released to us to pay our taxes (less up to 100,000 of interest to pay dissolution expenses), divided by the number of then outstanding public shares, which redemption will completely extinguish public stockholders rights as stockholders (including the right to receive further liquidating distributions, if any), subject to applicable law, and (iii) as promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption, subject to the approval of our remaining stockholders and our board of directors, dissolve and liquidate, subject in the case of clauses (ii) and (iii) above to our obligations under Delaware law to provide for claims of creditors and the requirements of other applicable law. There will be no redemption rights or liquidating distributions with respect to our warrants, which will expire worthless if we fail to complete our initial business combination by April 13, 2023. 
 12 

Table of Contents 
 Our sponsor, officers and directors have entered into a letter agreement with us, pursuant to which they have waived their rights to liquidating distributions from the trust account with respect to any founder shares and private placement shares held by them if we fail to complete our initial business combination by April 13, 2023. However, if our sponsor, officers or directors acquire public shares in or after our initial public offering, they will be entitled to liquidating distributions from the trust account with respect to such public shares if we fail to complete our initial business combination by April 13, 2023. We expect that all costs and expenses associated with implementing our plan of dissolution, as well as payments to any creditors, will be funded from amounts remaining out of the approximately 69,107 held outside the trust account as of December 31, 2022, although we cannot assure you that there will be sufficient funds for such purpose. We will depend on sufficient interest being earned on the proceeds held in the trust account to pay any tax obligations we may owe. However, if those funds are not sufficient to cover the costs and expenses associated with implementing our plan of dissolution, to the extent that there is any interest accrued in the trust account not required to pay taxes, we may request the trustee to release to us an additional amount of up to 100,000 of such accrued interest to pay those costs and expenses. If we were to expend all of the net proceeds of our initial public offering and the sale of the private placement units, other than the proceeds deposited in the trust account, and without taking into account interest, if any, earned on the trust account, the per-share redemption amount received by stockholders upon our dissolution would be approximately 10.15. The proceeds deposited in the trust account could, however, become subject to the claims of our creditors which would have higher priority than the claims of our public stockholders. We cannot assure you that the actual per-share redemption amount received by stockholders will not be substantially less than 10.15. Under Section 281(b) of the DGCL, our plan of dissolution must provide for all claims against us to be paid in full or make provision for payments to be made in full, as applicable, if there are sufficient assets. These claims must be paid or provided for before we make any distribution of our remaining assets to our stockholders. While we intend to pay such amounts, if any, we cannot assure you that we will have funds sufficient to pay or provide for all creditors claims. Although we have sought and will continue to seek to have all vendors, service providers, prospective target businesses or other entities with which we do business execute agreements with us waiving any right, title, interest or claim of any kind in or to any monies held in the trust account for the benefit of our public stockholders, there is no guarantee that they will execute such agreements or even if they execute such agreements that they would be prevented from bringing claims against the trust account including but not limited to fraudulent inducement, breach of fiduciary responsibility or other similar claims, as well as claims challenging the enforceability of the waiver, in each case in order to gain an advantage with respect to a claim against our assets, including the funds held in the trust account. If any third party refuses to execute an agreement waiving such claims to the monies held in the trust account, our management will perform an analysis of the alternatives available to it and will only enter into an agreement with a third party that has not executed a waiver if management believes that such third party s engagement would be significantly more beneficial to us than any alternative. Examples of possible instances where we may engage a third party that refuses to execute a waiver include the engagement of a third party consultant whose particular expertise or skills are believed by management to be significantly superior to those of other consultants that would agree to execute a waiver or in cases where management is unable to find a service provider willing to execute a waiver. MaloneBailey, our independent registered public accounting firm, and the underwriters of our initial public offering, have not executed agreements with us waiving such claims to the monies held in the trust account. 
 13 

Table of Contents 
 In addition, there is no guarantee that such entities will agree to waive any claims they may have in the future as a result of, or arising out of, any negotiations, contracts or agreements with us and will not seek recourse against the trust account for any reason. Our sponsor has agreed that it will be liable to us if and to the extent any claims by a third party for services rendered or products sold to us, or a prospective target business with which we have entered into a written letter of intent, confidentiality or similar agreement or business combination agreement, reduce the amount of funds in the trust account to below the lesser of (i) 10.15 per public share and (ii) the actual amount per public share held in the trust account as of the date of the liquidation of the trust account, if less than 10.15 per share due to reductions in the value of the trust assets, less taxes payable, provided that such liability will not apply to any claims by a third party or prospective target business who executed a waiver of any and all rights to the monies held in the trust account (whether or not such waiver is enforceable) nor will it apply to any claims under our indemnity of the underwriters of our initial public offering against certain liabilities, including liabilities under the Securities Act. However, we have not asked our sponsor to reserve for such indemnification obligations, nor have we independently verified whether our sponsor has sufficient funds to satisfy its indemnity obligations and believe that our sponsor s only assets are securities of our company. Therefore, we cannot assure you that our sponsor would be able to satisfy those obligations. None of our officers or directors will indemnify us for claims by third parties including, without limitation, claims by vendors and prospective target businesses. In the event that the proceeds in the trust account are reduced below (i) 10.15 per public share or (ii) such lesser amount per public share held in the trust account as of the date of the liquidation of the trust account, due to reductions in value of the trust assets, in each case net of the amount of interest which may be withdrawn to pay taxes, and our sponsor asserts that it is unable to satisfy its indemnification obligations or that it has no indemnification obligations related to a particular claim, our independent directors would determine whether to take legal action against our sponsor to enforce its indemnification obligations. While we currently expect that our independent directors would take legal action on our behalf against our sponsor to enforce its indemnification obligations to us, it is possible that our independent directors in exercising their business judgment may choose not to do so if, for example, the cost of such legal action is deemed by the independent directors to be too high relative to the amount recoverable or if the independent directors determine that a favorable outcome is not likely. We have not asked our sponsor to reserve for such indemnification obligations and we cannot assure you that our sponsor would be able to satisfy those obligations. Accordingly, we cannot assure you that due to claims of creditors the actual value of the per-share redemption price will not be less than 10.15 per public share. We seek to reduce the possibility that our sponsor will have to indemnify the trust account due to claims of creditors by endeavoring to have all vendors, service providers, prospective target businesses or other entities with which we do business execute agreements with us waiving any right, title, interest or claim of any kind in or to monies held in the trust account. Our sponsor is also not be liable as to any claims under our indemnity of the underwriters of our initial public offering against certain liabilities, including liabilities under the Securities Act. We have access to the amounts held outside the trust account 69,107 as of December 31, 2022) with which to pay any such potential claims (including costs and expenses incurred in connection with our liquidation). In the event that we liquidate and it is subsequently determined that the reserve for claims and liabilities is insufficient, stockholders who received funds from our trust account could be liable for claims made by creditors. Under the DGCL, stockholders may be held liable for claims by third parties against a corporation to the extent of distributions received by them in a dissolution. The pro rata portion of our trust account distributed to our public stockholders upon the redemption of our public shares in the event we do not complete our initial business combination by April 13, 2023 may be considered a liquidating distribution under Delaware law. If the corporation complies with certain procedures set forth in Section 280 of the DGCL intended to ensure that it makes reasonable provision for all claims against it, including a 60-day notice period during which any third-party claims can be brought against the corporation, a 90-day period during which the corporation may reject any claims brought, and an additional 150-day waiting period before any liquidating distributions are made to stockholders, any liability of stockholders with respect to a liquidating distribution is limited to the lesser of such stockholder s pro rata share of the claim or the amount distributed to the stockholder, and any liability of the stockholder would be barred after the third anniversary of the dissolution. 
 14 

Table of Contents 
 Furthermore, if the pro rata portion of our trust account distributed to our public stockholders upon the redemption of our public shares in the event we do not complete our initial business combination by April 13, 2023, is not considered a liquidating distribution under Delaware law and such redemption distribution is deemed to be unlawful (potentially due to the imposition of legal proceedings that a party may bring or due to other circumstances that are currently unknown), then pursuant to Section 174 of the DGCL, the statute of limitations for claims of creditors could then be six years after the unlawful redemption distribution, instead of three years, as in the case of a liquidating distribution. If we are unable to complete our initial business combination by April 13, 2023, we will: (i) cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up, (ii) as promptly as reasonably possible but not more than ten business days thereafter, redeem the public shares, at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account including interest earned on the funds held in the trust account and not previously released to us to pay our taxes (less up to 100,000 of interest to pay dissolution expenses), divided by the number of then outstanding public shares, which redemption will completely extinguish public stockholders rights as stockholders (including the right to receive further liquidating distributions, if any), subject to applicable law, and (iii) as promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption, subject to the approval of our remaining stockholders and our board of directors, dissolve and liquidate, subject in the case of clauses (ii) and (iii) above to our obligations under Delaware law to provide for claims of creditors and the requirements of other applicable law. Accordingly, it is our intention to redeem our public shares as soon as reasonably possible following April 13, 2023 and, therefore, we do not intend to comply with those procedures. As such, our stockholders could potentially be liable for any claims to the extent of distributions received by them (but no more) and any liability of our stockholders may extend well beyond the third anniversary of such date. Because we will not be complying with Section 280, Section 281(b) of the DGCL requires us to adopt a plan, based on facts known to us at such time that will provide for our payment of all existing and pending claims or claims that may be potentially brought against us within the subsequent 10 years. However, because we are a blank check company, rather than an operating company, and our operations will be limited to searching for prospective target businesses to acquire, the only likely claims to arise would be from our vendors (such as lawyers, investment bankers, etc.) or prospective target businesses. As described above, pursuant to the obligation contained in our underwriting agreement, we have sought and will continue to seek to have all vendors, service providers, prospective target businesses or other entities with which we do business execute agreements with us waiving any right, title, interest or claim of any kind in or to any monies held in the trust account. As a result of this obligation, the claims that could be made against us are significantly limited and the likelihood that any claim that would result in any liability extending to the trust account is remote. Further, our sponsor may be liable only to the extent necessary to ensure that the amounts in the trust account are not reduced below (i) 10.00 per public share or (ii) such lesser amount per public share held in the trust account as of the date of the liquidation of the trust account, due to reductions in value of the trust assets, in each case net of the amount of interest withdrawn to pay taxes and will not be liable as to any claims under our indemnity of the underwriters of our initial public offering against certain liabilities, including liabilities under the Securities Act. In the event that an executed waiver is deemed to be unenforceable against a third party, our sponsor will not be responsible to the extent of any liability for such third-party claims. If we file a bankruptcy petition or an involuntary bankruptcy petition is filed against us that is not dismissed, the proceeds held in the trust account could be subject to applicable bankruptcy law, and may be included in our bankruptcy estate and subject to the claims of third parties with priority over the claims of our stockholders. To the extent any bankruptcy claims deplete the trust account, we cannot assure you we will be able to return 10.15 per share to our public stockholders. Additionally, if we file a bankruptcy petition or an involuntary bankruptcy petition is filed against us that is not dismissed, any distributions received by stockholders could be viewed under applicable debtor/creditor and/or bankruptcy laws as either a preferential transfer or a fraudulent conveyance. As a result, a bankruptcy court could seek to recover some or all amounts received by our stockholders. Furthermore, our board of directors may be viewed as having breached its fiduciary duty to our creditors and/or may have acted in bad faith, thereby exposing itself and our company to claims of punitive damages, by paying public stockholders from the trust account prior to addressing the claims of creditors. We cannot assure you that claims will not be brought against us for these reasons. 
 15 

Table of Contents 
 Our public stockholders will be entitled to receive funds from the trust account only upon the earlier to occur of: (i) the completion of our initial business combination, (ii) the redemption of any public shares properly tendered in connection with a stockholder vote to amend any provisions of our amended and restated certificate of incorporation (A) to modify the substance or timing of our obligation to allow redemption in connection with our initial business combination or certain amendments to our charter prior thereto or to redeem 100 of our public shares if we do not complete our initial business combination by April 13, 2023 or (B) with respect to any other provision relating to stockholders rights or pre-initial business combination activity, and (iii) the redemption of all of our public shares if we are unable to complete our business combination by April 13, 2023, subject to applicable law. In no other circumstances will a stockholder have any right or interest of any kind to or in the trust account. In the event we seek stockholder approval in connection with our initial business combination, a stockholder s voting in connection with the initial business combination alone will not result in a stockholder s redeeming its shares to us for an applicable pro rata share of the trust account. Such stockholder must have also exercised its redemption rights as described above. These provisions of our amended and restated certificate of incorporation, like all provisions of our amended and restated certificate of incorporation, may be amended with a stockholder vote. Competition In identifying, evaluating and selecting a target business for our initial business combination, we may encounter intense competition from other entities having a business objective similar to ours, including other blank check companies, private equity groups and leveraged buyout funds, and operating businesses seeking strategic business combinations. Many of these entities are well established and have extensive experience identifying and effecting business combinations directly or through affiliates. Moreover, many of these competitors possess greater financial, technical, human and other resources than we do. Our ability to acquire larger target businesses will be limited by our available financial resources. This inherent limitation gives others an advantage in pursuing the initial business combination of a target business. Furthermore, our obligation to pay cash in connection with our public stockholders who exercise their redemption rights may reduce the resources available to us for our initial business combination and our outstanding warrants, and the future dilution they potentially represent, may not be viewed favorably by certain target businesses. Either of these factors may place us at a competitive disadvantage in successfully negotiating an initial business combination. Employees We have three officers. These individuals are not obligated to devote any specific number of hours to our matters but they devote as much of their time as they deem necessary, in the exercise of their respective business judgement, to our affairs until we have completed our initial business combination. The amount of time our officers devote in any time period varies based on the stage of the initial business combination process we are in. We do not intend to have any full time employees prior to the completion of our initial business combination. We do not have an employment agreement with any member of our management team. Periodic Reporting and Financial Information We have registered our units, Class A common stock and warrants under the Exchange Act and have reporting obligations, including the requirement that we file annual, quarterly and current reports with the SEC. In accordance with the requirements of the Exchange Act, our annual reports will contain financial statements audited and reported on by our independent registered public accountants. We will provide stockholders with audited financial statements of the prospective target business as part of the tender offer materials or proxy solicitation materials sent to stockholders to assist them in assessing the target business. In all likelihood, these financial statements will need to be prepared in accordance with, or reconciled to, GAAP, or IFRS, depending on the circumstances, and the historical financial statements may be required to be audited in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. These financial statement requirements may limit the pool of potential targets we may conduct an initial business combination with because some targets may be unable to provide such statements in time for us to disclose such statements in accordance with federal proxy rules and complete our initial business combination within the prescribed time frame. We cannot assure you that any particular target business identified by us as a potential business combination candidate will have financial statements prepared in accordance with GAAP or that the potential target business will be able to prepare its financial statements in accordance with the requirements outlined above. To the extent that these requirements cannot be met, we may not be able to acquire the proposed target business. While this may limit the pool of potential business combination candidates, we do not believe that this limitation will be material. 
 16 

Table of Contents 
 We are required to evaluate our internal control procedures for the fiscal year ending December 31, 2022 as required by the Sarbanes-Oxley Act. Only in the event we are deemed to be a large accelerated filer or an accelerated filer, and no longer qualify as an emerging growth company, will we be required to have our internal control procedures audited. A target company may not be in compliance with the provisions of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act regarding adequacy of their internal controls. The development of the internal controls of any such entity to achieve compliance with the Sarbanes-Oxley Act may increase the time and costs necessary to complete any such business combination. We have filed a Registration Statement on Form 8-A with the SEC to voluntarily register our securities under Section 12 of the Exchange Act. As a result, we are subject to the rules and regulations promulgated under the Exchange Act. We have no current intention of filing a Form 15 to suspend our reporting or other obligations under the Exchange Act prior or subsequent to the consummation of our initial business combination. We are an emerging growth company, as defined in Section 2(a) of the Securities Act, as modified by the JOBS Act. As such, we are eligible to take advantage of certain exemptions from various reporting requirements that are applicable to other public companies that are not emerging growth companies including, but not limited to, not being required to comply with the auditor attestation requirements of Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, reduced disclosure obligations regarding executive compensation in our periodic reports and proxy statements, and exemptions from the requirements of holding a non-binding advisory vote on executive compensation and shareholder approval of any golden parachute payments not previously approved. If some investors find our securities less attractive as a result, there may be a less active trading market for our securities and the prices of our securities may be more volatile. In addition, Section 107 of the JOBS Act also provides that an emerging growth company can take advantage of the extended transition period provided in Section 7(a)(2)(B) of the Securities Act for complying with new or revised accounting standards. In other words, an emerging growth company can delay the adoption of certain accounting standards until those standards would otherwise apply to private companies. We intend to take advantage of the benefits of this extended transition period. We will remain an emerging growth company until the earlier of (1) the last day of the fiscal year (a) following October 13, 2026, the fifth anniversary of the completion of our initial public offering, (b) in which we have total annual gross revenue of at least 1.235 billion, or (c) in which we are deemed to be a large accelerated filer, which means the market value of our shares of Class A common stock that are held by non-affiliates exceeds 700 million as of the prior June 30 th , and (2) the date on which we have issued more than 1.0 billion in non-convertible debt during the prior three-year period. References herein to emerging growth company will have the meaning associated with it in the JOBS Act. Additionally, we are a smaller reporting company as defined in Item 10(f)(1) of Regulation S-K. Smaller reporting companies may take advantage of certain reduced disclosure obligations, including, among other things, providing only two years of audited financial statements. We will remain a smaller reporting company until the last day of the fiscal year in which (1) the market value of our common stock held by non-affiliates exceeds 250 million as of the end of that year s second fiscal quarter, or (2) our annual revenues exceeded 100 million during such completed fiscal year and the market value of our common stock held by nonaffiliates exceeds 700 million as of the end of that year s second fiscal quarter. Item 1A. Risk Factors. As a smaller reporting company, we are not required to include risk factors in this Report. However, below is a partial list of material risks, uncertainties and other factors that could have a material effect on the Company and its operations: we are a blank check company with no revenue or basis to evaluate our ability to select a suitable business target; we may not be able to select an appropriate target business or businesses and complete our initial business combination in the prescribed time frame; our expectations around the performance of a prospective target business or businesses may not be realized; we may not be successful in retaining or recruiting required officers, key employees or directors following our initial business combination; our officers and directors may have difficulties allocating their time between our Company and other businesses and may potentially have conflicts of interest with our business or in approving our initial business combination; 
 17 

Table of Contents 
 we may not be able to obtain additional financing to complete our initial business combination or reduce the number of shareholders requesting redemption; we may issue our shares to investors in connection with our initial business combination at a price that is less than the prevailing market price of our shares at that time; you may not be given the opportunity to choose the initial business target or to vote on the initial business combination; trust account funds may not be protected against third party claims or bankruptcy; an active market for our public securities may not develop and you will have limited liquidity and trading; the availability to us of funds from interest income on the trust account balance may be insufficient to operate our business prior to the business combination; and our financial performance following a business combination with an entity may be negatively affected by their lack an established record of revenue, cash flows and experienced management. 
 For the complete list of risks relating to our operations, see the section titled Risk Factors contained in our Registration Statement. The Excise Tax included in the Inflation Reduction Act of 2022 may decrease the value of our securities following our initial business combination, hinder our ability to consummate an initial business combination, and decrease the amount of funds available for distribution in connection with a liquidation. On August 16, 2022, President Biden signed into law the Inflation Reduction Act of 2022, which, among other things, imposes a 1 excise tax on the fair market value of stock repurchased by a domestic corporation beginning in 2023, with certain exceptions (the Excise Tax ). Because we are a Delaware corporation and our securities are trading on Nasdaq, we are a covered corporation within the meaning of the Inflation Reduction Act, and while not free from doubt, it is possible that the Excise Tax will apply to any redemptions of our common stock after December 31, 2022, including redemptions in connection with an initial business combination, unless an exemption is available. Issuances of securities in connection with any PIPE transaction at the time of our initial business combination are expected to reduce the amount of the Excise Tax in connection with redemptions at such time, but if for any reason the currently contemplated PIPE transaction is substantially reduced or does not proceed on its current terms and Digital World pursues a PIPE on different terms, the number of securities redeemed may exceed the number of securities issued in any resulting PIPE transaction, and the amount of the Excise Tax could be substantial. Consequently, the value of your investment in our securities may decrease as a result of the Excise Tax. In addition, the Excise Tax may make a transaction with us less appealing to potential business combination targets, and thus, potentially hinder our ability to enter into and consummate an initial business combination, particularly an initial business combination in which PIPE issuances are not substantial. Further, the application of the Excise Tax in the event of a liquidation is uncertain, and the proceeds held in the Trust Account could be subject to the Excise Tax, in which case the per-share amount that would otherwise be received by our stockholders in connection with our liquidation may be reduced. Changes in laws or regulations, or a failure to comply with any laws and regulations, may adversely affect our business, including our ability to negotiate and complete our initial business combination, and results of operations. We are subject to laws and regulations enacted by national, regional and local governments. In particular, we are required to comply with certain SEC and other legal requirements. Compliance with, and monitoring of, applicable laws and regulations may be difficult, time consuming and costly. Those laws and regulations and their interpretation and application may also change from time to time and those changes could have a material adverse effect on our business, investments and results of operations. In addition, a failure to comply with applicable laws or regulations, as interpreted and applied, could have a material adverse effect on our business, including our ability to negotiate and complete our Business Combination, and results of operations. On March 30, 2022, the SEC issued proposed rules (the 2022 Proposed Rules relating to, among other items, enhancing disclosures in business combination transactions involving SPACs and private operating companies; amending the financial statement requirements applicable to transactions involving shell companies; effectively limiting the use of projections in SEC filings in connection with proposed business combination transactions; increasing the potential liability of certain participants in proposed business combination transactions; and the extent to which SPACs could become subject to regulation under the Investment Company Act. The 2022 Proposed Rules, if adopted, whether in the form proposed or in revised form, and certain positions and legal conclusions expressed by the SEC in connection with the 2022 Proposed Rules, may materially adversely affect our ability to negotiate and complete our Business Combination and may increase the costs and time related thereto. 
 18 

Table of Contents 
 If we are deemed to be an investment company under the Investment Company Act, we may be required to institute burdensome compliance requirements and our activities may be restricted, which may make it difficult for us to complete our Business Combination. If we are deemed to be an investment company under the Investment Company Act, our activities may be restricted, including, without limitation, restrictions on the nature of our investments, restrictions on the issuance of securities, and restrictions on the enforceability of agreements entered into by us, each of which may make it difficult for us to complete our Business Combination. In addition, we may have imposed upon us burdensome requirements, including, without limitation, registration as an investment company with the SEC (which may be impractical and would require significant changes in, among other things, our capital structure); adoption of a specific form of corporate structure; and reporting, record keeping, voting, proxy and disclosure requirements and compliance with other rules and regulations that we are currently not subject to. In order not to be regulated as an investment company under the Investment Company Act, unless we can qualify for an exclusion, we must ensure that we are engaged primarily in a business other than investing, reinvesting or trading in securities and that our activities do not include investing, reinvesting, owning, holding or trading investment securities constituting more than 40 of our total assets (exclusive of U.S. government securities and cash items) on an unconsolidated basis. Our business is to identify and complete a Business Combination and thereafter to operate the post-transaction business or assets for the long term. We do not plan to buy businesses or assets with a view to resale or profit from their resale. We do not plan to buy unrelated businesses or assets or to be a passive investor. The 2022 Proposed Rule under the Investment Company Act would provide a safe harbor for SPACs from the definition of investment company under Section 3(a)(1)(A) of the Investment Company Act, provided that they satisfy certain conditions that limit a SPAC s duration, asset composition, business purpose and activities. The duration component of the proposed safe harbor rule would require a SPAC to file a Current Report on Form 8-K with the SEC announcing that it has entered into an agreement with the target company (or companies) to engage in an initial business combination no later than 18 months after the effective date of the SPAC s registration statement for its initial public offering. The SPAC would then be required to complete its initial business combination no later than 24 months after the effective date of its registration statement for its initial public offering. Although the 2022 Proposed Rules, including the proposed safe harbor rule, have not yet been adopted, there is uncertainty in the SEC s view of the applicability of the Investment Company Act to a SPAC that does not complete its initial business combination within the proposed time frame set forth in the proposed safe harbor rule or otherwise falls outside of the other provisions of the safe harbor. We do not believe that our principal activities currently subject us to the Investment Company Act. To this end, the proceeds held in the trust account have been invested only in United States government securities within the meaning of Section 2(a)(16) of the Investment Company Act having a maturity of 185 days or less or in money market funds meeting certain conditions under Rule 2a-7 promulgated under the Investment Company Act which invest only in direct U.S. government treasury obligations. Pursuant to the trust agreement, the trustee is not permitted to invest in other securities or assets. By restricting the investment of the proceeds to these instruments, and by having a business plan targeted at acquiring and growing businesses for the long-term (rather than on buying and selling businesses in the manner of a merchant bank or private equity fund), we do not believe we are an investment company within the meaning of the Investment Company Act. The Initial Public Offering was not intended for persons seeking a return on investments in government securities or investment securities. The trust account is intended as a holding place for funds pending the earliest to occur of: (i) the completion of our primary business objective, which is a business combination; (ii) the redemption of any public shares properly submitted in connection with a stockholder vote to amend our amended and restated certificate of incorporation to modify the substance or timing of our obligation to provide for the redemption of our public shares in connection with an initial business combination or to redeem 100 of our public shares if we do not complete our initial business combination within the completion window; and (iii) absent a business combination, our return of the funds held in the trust account to our public stockholders as part of our redemption of the public shares. Because we have invested only in permitted instruments, we believe we are not an investment company. On September 14, 2022 we, entered into a Business Combination Agreement by and among us, Apollomics, and Merger Sub, Inc. We may not be able to complete the Business Combination within the 18 month safe harbor period in the 2022 Proposed Rules. If our Business Combination is not completed, we may continue to try to complete a business combination with a different target by April 13, 2023. However, we may not be able to enter into such an agreement and complete a related Business Combination within the safe harbor period of the 2022 Proposed Rules. In that case such events, we would not be able to rely on the safe harbor (should it be adopted) and instead would need to rely on the factors described above, and the SEC could deem us to be subject to regulation as an investment 
 19 

Table of Contents 
 company for purposes of the Investment Company Act. If we were deemed to be subject to the Investment Company Act, compliance with these additional regulatory burdens would require additional expenses for which we have not allotted funds and may hinder our ability to consummate our initial business combination. If we are unable to complete our initial business combination within the completion window, our public stockholders may receive only approximately 10.15 per share on the liquidation of our trust account and our warrants will expire worthless. In certain circumstances, our public stockholders may receive less than 10.15 per share on the redemption of their shares if we are unable to complete our initial business combination within the completion window. Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments. Not applicable. Item 2. Properties. Our executive offices are located at located at 5/F-4, No. 89, Songren Road, Xinyi District, Taipei City, Taiwan 11073, and our telephone number is +886 2 7713 7952. The cost for our use of this space is included in the 10,000 per month fee we pay to an affiliate of our sponsor for office space, administrative and shared personnel support services. We consider our current office space adequate for our current operations. Item 3. Legal Proceedings. To the knowledge of our management team, there is no litigation currently pending or contemplated against us, any of our officers or directors in their capacity as such or against any of our property. Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures. Not applicable. 
 20 

Table of Contents 
 PART II Item 5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters, and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities. (a) Market Information 
 Our units, public shares and public warrants are each traded on Nasdaq under the symbols JMACU, JMAC, AND JMACW, respectively. Our units commenced public trading on October 8, 2021, and our public shares and public warrants commenced separate public trading on November 26, 2021. (b) Holders 
 On March 28, 2023, there were 2 holders of record of our units, 4 holders of record of our shares of Class A common stock and 1 holder of record of our warrants. (c) Dividends 
 We have not paid any cash dividends on our common stock to date and do not intend to pay cash dividends prior to the completion of our initial business combination. The payment of cash dividends in the future will be dependent upon our revenues and earnings, if any, capital requirements and general financial condition subsequent to completion of our initial business combination. The payment of any cash dividends subsequent to our initial business combination will be within the discretion of our board of directors at such time. In addition, our board of directors is not currently contemplating and does not anticipate declaring any stock dividends in the foreseeable future. Further, if we incur any indebtedness in connection with our initial business combination, our ability to declare dividends may be limited by restrictive covenants we may agree to in connection therewith. (d) Securities Authorized for Issuance Under Equity Compensation Plans. 
 None. (e) Recent Sales of Unregistered Securities 
 None. (f) Purchases of Equity Securities by the Issuer and Affiliated Purchasers 
 None. (g) Use of Proceeds from the Initial Public Offering 
 In October 2021, we consummated our initial public offering of 10,350,000 units, including 1,350,000 units issued pursuant to the exercise of the underwriters over-allotment option. Each unit consists of one public share and one public warrant, with each public warrant entitling the holder thereof to purchase one public share for 11.50 per share. The units were sold at a price of 10.00 per unit, generating gross proceeds to us of 103,500,000. Simultaneously with the closing of the initial public offering, we completed the private sale of an aggregate of 464,150 units to our sponsor at a purchase price of 10.00 per private placement unit, generating gross proceeds of 4,641,500. A total of 105,052,500 of the proceeds from the initial public offering and the sale of the private placement units, was placed in a U.S.-based trust account maintained by Continental, acting as trustee. The proceeds held in the trust account may be invested by the trustee only in U.S. government securities with a maturity of 185 days or less or in money market funds investing solely in U.S. government treasury obligations and meeting certain conditions under Rule 2a-7 under the Investment Company Act. Item 6. Reserved. 
 21 

Table of Contents 
 Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. References to the Company, us, our or we refer to Maxpro Capital Acquisition Corp. The following discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations should be read in conjunction with our audited financial statements and related notes included herein. Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements All statements other than statements of historical fact included in this Report including, without limitation, statements under this Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations regarding the Company s financial position, business strategy and the plans and objectives of management for future operations, are forward- looking statements. When used in this Report, words such as anticipate, believe, estimate, expect, intend and similar expressions, as they relate to us or the Company s management, identify forward-looking statements. Such forward-looking statements are based on the beliefs of management, as well as assumptions made by, and information currently available to, the Company s management. Actual results could differ materially from those contemplated by the forward- looking statements as a result of certain factors detailed in our filings with the SEC. All subsequent written or oral forward-looking statements attributable to us or persons acting on the Company s behalf are qualified in their entirety by this paragraph. The following discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations should be read in conjunction with the financial statements and the notes thereto contained elsewhere in this Report. Certain information contained in the discussion and analysis set forth below includes forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties. Overview We were formed on June 2, 2021 for the purpose of entering into a merger, share exchange, asset acquisition, share purchase, recapitalization, reorganization or other similar business combination with one or more target businesses. Our efforts to identify a prospective target business will not be limited to any particular industry or geographic region. We intend to utilize cash derived from the proceeds of our IPO in effecting our initial business combination. We are an emerging growth company and, as such, we are subject to all of the risks associated with emerging growth companies. We presently have no revenue. All activities for the period from June 2, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2022, relate to the formation and the IPO. We will have no operations other than the active solicitation of a target business with which to complete a business combination, and we will not generate any operating revenue until after its initial business combination, at the earliest. We will have non-operating income in the form of interest income on cash and cash equivalents from the proceeds derived from the IPO. On October 13, 2021, we consummated the IPO of 10,350,000 Public Units, at a price of 10.00 per Public Unit, generating gross proceeds of 103,500,000. Simultaneously with the closing of the IPO, we consummated a private placement (the Private Placement in which the Sponsor, MP One Investment LLC, purchased 464,150 private units (the Private Placement Units at a price of 10.00 per Private Unit, generating total proceeds of 4,641,500. Upon the closing of the IPO and associated private placements, 105,052,500 of cash was placed in the Trust Account, 1,811,250 was paid in underwriter s commissions and 990,311 of cash was held outside of the Trust Account and was available for the repayment of advances from the Sponsor, payment of expenses related to the IPO and subsequent working capital purposes. We cannot assure you that our plans to complete our Initial Business Combination will be successful. If we are unable to complete our initial business combination within 12 months from the closing of the IPO (or up to 18 months from the closing of the IPO at the Sponsor s election in two separate three month extensions subject to satisfaction of certain conditions, including the deposit of 1,035,000 for each three month extension, into the Trust Account, or as extended by our stockholders in accordance with our second amended and restated certificate of incorporation), we will (i) cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up, (ii) as promptly as reasonably possible but not more than ten business days thereafter, redeem 100 of the outstanding public shares and (iii) as promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption, subject to the approval of the remaining holders of common stock and our board of directors, liquidate and dissolve. The date by which we must complete an initial business combination has been extended twice, to April 
 22 

Table of Contents 
 13, 2023, and an additional 2,070,000 has been deposited into the Trust Account in connection with such extensions. In the event of liquidation, the holders of the founder shares and Placement Units will not participate in any redemption distribution with respect to their founder shares or Placement Units, until all of the claims of any redeeming shareholders and creditors are fully satisfied (and then only from funds held outside the Trust Account). Recent Developments Business Combination Agreement On September 14, 2022, we entered into a Business Combination Agreement (the Business Combination Agreement by and among us, Apollomics Inc., a Cayman Islands exempted company Apollomics ), and Project Max SPAC Merger Sub, Inc., a Delaware corporation and wholly-owned subsidiary of Apollomics Merger Sub ). The transactions contemplated by the Business Combination Agreement are hereinafter referred to as the Business Combination. The Business Combination Agreement provides that, among other things and upon the terms and subject to the conditions thereof, on the date of the closing of the Business Combination (the Closing ), Merger Sub will merge with and into us, with us continuing as the surviving company (the Merger ), as a result of which we will become a wholly-owned subsidiary of Apollomics. The Closing is expected to occur in the first quarter of 2023. Upon the Closing, (i) each then issued and outstanding share of Class B common stock, par value 0.0001 per share (each, a Founder Share ), will be converted into one share of Class A common stock, par value 0.0001 per share Class A Common Stock ), and (ii) then each share of Class A Common Stock that is issued and outstanding and has not been redeemed will be converted into the right to receive one Apollomics ordinary share designated as Class A ordinary share in Apollomics organizational documents, par value 0.0001 per Class A share (each, a Post-Closing Apollomics Class A Ordinary Share , and together with Post-Closing Apollomics Class B Ordinary Shares, Post-Closing Apollomics Ordinary Shares ). Each outstanding warrant to purchase Class A Common Stock (each, a Warrant will become a warrant of Apollomics to purchase Post-Closing Apollomics Class A Ordinary Shares, with each such warrant exercisable for the number of Post-Closing Apollomics Class A Ordinary Shares the holder of such Warrant would have received in the Business Combination if it exercised such Warrant immediately prior to the Business Combination. On March 20, 2023, we held a special meeting of stockholders, pursuant to which our stockholders approved, among other things, a proposal to approve and adopt the Business Combination Agreement and Merger. Holders of 10,270,060 shares of our Class A common stock elected to redeem their shares. The amount that will be paid out to redeem such shares will be approximately 108.3 million based on the amount held in trust on March 28, 2023. The Business Combination was completed as of March 29, 2023. The combined company retained the Apollomics Inc. name and its ordinary shares are listed on the Nasdaq Stock Market under the ticker symbol APLM . Further information regarding Apollomics and the Transactions is set forth in our definitive proxy statement that was filed with the SEC on February 28, 2023. Investors may read such filing by going to the SEC website at www.sec.gov. Ancillary Agreements Sponsor Support Agreement On September 14, 2022, concurrently with the execution of the Business Combination Agreement, we also entered into a Sponsor Support Agreement (the Sponsor Support Agreement with Apollomics, MP One Investment LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (the Sponsor ), and our directors and officers (the Insiders and together with the Sponsor, the Sponsor Parties and individually, a Sponsor Party ), pursuant to which, among other things, the Sponsor Parties will agree to vote any of the shares of Common Stock held by them in favor of the Business Combination and to comply with their obligations under the Letter Agreement that the Sponsor Parties entered into on October 7, 2021 in connection with the consummation of our initial public offering, including the obligation to not redeem any such shares at the special meeting of stockholders to be held in connection with the Business Combination. 
 23 

Table of Contents 
 In addition, each of the Sponsor Parties agreed not to transfer any of its shares of Common Stock or Warrants without the prior written consent of Apollomics, until the earliest of (i) the Closing, (ii) the termination of the Business Combination Agreement and (iii) the liquidation of the Company. Furthermore, each Sponsor Party agreed to forfeit such number of Founder Shares that it owns as of immediately before the Closing, that would be necessary so that, immediately after giving effect to the Merger and any PIPE Financing, the Sponsor Parties collectively own a number of Post-Closing Apollomics Ordinary Shares equal to 2.75 of the sum of (i) the Post-Closing Apollomics Ordinary Shares that are issued pursuant to the Merger, (ii) the Post-Closing Apollomics Ordinary Shares issued and outstanding immediately after the Share Split, (iii) the Post-Closing Apollomics Ordinary Shares exercisable on a gross basis from the vested Apollomics options issued and outstanding immediately after the Share Split and (iv) the Apollomics Ordinary Shares and/or Apollomics Preferred Shares, if any, issued pursuant to private placement financing arranged by the Company. Lock-Up Agreement On September 14, 2022, concurrently with the execution of the Business Combination Agreement, Apollomics and each of the Sponsor Parties entered into a lock-up agreement (the Lock-Up Agreement with respect to Apollomics Ordinary Shares held by the Sponsor Parties immediately following the Closing (the Lock-Up Shares ), pursuant to which, each Sponsor Party agreed not transfer any Lock-Up Shares for a period of six (6) months after the Closing, on the terms and subject to the conditions set forth in the Lock-Up Agreement. The Lock-up Agreement will become effective only at the Closing. Each holder of Apollomics Ordinary Shares immediately prior to the Closing will receive Post-Closing Apollomics Class B Ordinary Shares, which are subject to a six-month lock-up on the same terms as the Lock-Up Agreement. Qualified Summary The sections above describing the Business Combination Agreement, the Sponsor Support Agreement and the Lock-Up Agreement do not purport, and are not intended, to describe all of the terms and conditions thereof. The foregoing summary is qualified in its entirety by reference to the complete text of the Business Combination Agreement, the Sponsor Support Agreement and the Lock-Up Agreement, copies of each of which are attached hereto as Exhibits 2.1, 10.10 and 10.11, respectively. For more information relating to the Business Combination and the agreements described above, please see the Form 8-K filed by the Company on September 14, 2022. Extensions and Extension Note On October 14, 2022, the Sponsor deposited an additional payment in the aggregate amount of 1,035,000 (representing 0.10 per public share) (the Extension Payment into the Company s trust account for its public stockholders. This deposit enables Maxpro to extend the date by which Maxpro has to complete its initial business combination from October 13, 2022 to January 13, 2023 (the Extension ). The Extension is the first of two three-month extensions permitted under the Company s governing documents and provides Maxpro with additional time to complete its Business Combination. On January 13, 2023, Maxpro amended and restated the Sponsor Note (the Amended Sponsor Note in its entirety solely to increase the principal amount thereunder from 1,035,000 to 1,552,500 in connection with the Second Extension (as defined below). The Amended Sponsor Note bears no interest and is due and payable upon the earlier to occur of (i) the date on which Maxpro s initial business combination is consummated and (ii) the liquidation of Maxpro on or before April 13, 2023 (or such later liquidation date as may be approved by Maxpro s stockholders). At the election of the Sponsor, the unpaid principal amount of the Amended Sponsor Note may be converted into units of Maxpro (the Conversion Units and the total Conversion Units so issued shall be equal to: (x) the portion of the principal amount of the Amended Sponsor Note being converted divided by (y) the conversion price of ten dollars 10.00), rounded up to the nearest whole number of Conversion Units. Also on January 13, 2023, Maxpro issued a promissory note (the Apollomics Note in the principal amount of 517,500 in connection with the Second Extension. The Apollomics Note bears no interest and is due and payable upon the earlier to occur of (i) the date on which Maxpro s initial business combination is consummated and (ii) the liquidation of Maxpro on or before April 13, 2023 (or such later liquidation date as may be approved by Maxpro s stockholders). 
 24 

Table of Contents 
 Results of Operations We have neither engaged in any operations nor generated any revenues to date. Our only activities from inception through December 31, 2022 were organizational activities, those necessary to prepare for our Initial Public Offering, described below, and, after our Initial Public Offering, identifying a target company for an initial Business Combination. We do not expect to generate any operating revenues until after the completion of our initial Business Combination. We generate non-operating income in the form of interest income on marketable securities held in the Trust Accounts. We incur expenses as a result of being a public company (for legal, financial reporting, accounting and auditing compliance), as well as for due diligence expenses. For the year ended December 31, 2022, we had a net loss of 677,486, which consists of expenses of 1,804,650 and income tax provision of 94,781 offset by interest income on marketable securities held in the Trust Account of 1,221,948. For the period from June 2, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2021, we had a net loss of 177,386, which consists of expenses of 185,572 offset by interest on securities held in the trust account of 8,186. Liquidity and Capital Resources On October 13, 2021, we consummated our Initial Public Offering of 10,350,000 Units at a price of 10.00 per Unit, at 10.00 per Unit, generating gross proceeds of 10,350,000. Simultaneously with the closing of our Initial Public Offering, we consummated the sale of 464,150 Placement Units to the Sponsor at a price of 10.00 per Unit, generating gross proceeds of 4,641,500. For the year ended December 31, 2022, net cash used in operating activities was 878,833. Net cash used in operations was as a result of the net loss was 677,483, interest income of 1,020,598 and changes in operating assets and liabilities used 921,890 of cash from operating activities. For the year ended December 31, 2022, net cash used in investing activities of 986,017 was the result of the amount of net proceeds from Extension deposits and cash withdrawn from Trust Account to pay for taxes. For the year ended December 31, 2022, net cash provided by financing activities of 1,335,000 was comprised 1,335,000 proceeds from related party advances. As of December 31, 2022, we had investments of 107,268,651 held in the Trust Accounts. We intend to use substantially all of the funds held in the Trust Accounts, including any amounts representing interest earned on the Trust Accounts (less taxes paid and deferred underwriting commissions) to complete our initial Business Combination. We may withdraw interest to pay taxes. During the year ended December 31, 2022, we withdraw 48,983 of interest earned on the Trust Accounts to pay our taxes. As of December 31, 2022, we had cash of 69,107 outside of the Trust Account. We intend to use the funds held outside the Trust Accounts primarily to identify and evaluate target businesses, perform business due diligence on prospective target businesses, travel to and from the offices, plants or similar locations of prospective target businesses or their representatives or owners, review corporate documents and material agreements of prospective target businesses, and structure, negotiate and complete our initial Business Combination. In order to fund working capital deficiencies or finance transaction costs in connection with our initial Business Combination, our Sponsor or an affiliate of our Sponsor or certain of our officers and directors may, but are not obligated to, loan us funds as may be required. If we complete our initial Business Combination, we would repay such loaned amounts. In the event that our initial Business Combination does not close, we may use a portion of the working capital held outside the Trust Accounts to repay such loaned amounts but no proceeds from our Trust Accounts would be used for such repayment. Up to 1,500,000 of such loans may be convertible into units identical to the Placement Units, at a price of 10.00 per unit at the option of the lender. On October 13, 2022, we issued a promissory note (the Sponsor Note in the principal amount of 1,035,000 to the Sponsor in connection with the First Extension. The Sponsor Note bears no interest and is due and payable upon the earlier to occur of (i) the date on which Maxpro s initial business combination is consummated and (ii) the liquidation of Maxpro on or before January 13, 2023 (unless extended to April 13, 2023 in connection with a second three-month extension pursuant to Maxpro s governing documents, or 
 25 

Table of Contents 
 such later liquidation date as may be approved by Maxpro s stockholders). At the election of the Sponsor, the unpaid principal amount of the Sponsor Note may be converted into units of Maxpro (the Conversion Units and the total Conversion Units so issued shall be equal to: (x) the portion of the principal amount of the Note being converted divided by (y) the conversion price of ten dollars 10.00), rounded up to the nearest whole number of Conversion Units. On January 13, 2023, Maxpro amended and restated the Sponsor Note (the Amended Sponsor Note in its entirety solely to increase the principal amount thereunder from 1,035,000 to 1,552,500 in connection with the Second Extension. The Amended Sponsor Note bears no interest and is due and payable upon the earlier to occur of (i) the date on which Maxpro s initial business combination is consummated and (ii) the liquidation of Maxpro on or before April 13, 2023 (or such later liquidation date as may be approved by Maxpro s stockholders). At the election of the Sponsor, the unpaid principal amount of the Amended Sponsor Note may be converted into units of Maxpro (the Conversion Units and the total Conversion Units so issued shall be equal to: (x) the portion of the principal amount of the Amended Sponsor Note being converted divided by (y) the conversion price of ten dollars 10.00), rounded up to the nearest whole number of Conversion Units. Off-Balance Sheet Financing Arrangements We have no obligations, assets or liabilities, which would be considered off-balance sheet arrangements as of December 31, 2022. We do not participate in transactions that create relationships with unconsolidated entities or financial partnerships, often referred to as variable interest entities, which would have been established for the purpose of facilitating off-balance sheet arrangements. We have not entered into any off-balance sheet financing arrangements, established any special purpose entities, guaranteed any debt or commitments of other entities, or purchased any non-financial assets. Contractual Obligations We do not have any long-term debt, capital lease obligations, operating lease obligations or long-term liabilities. The underwriters are entitled to a deferred fee of 3,622,500 in the aggregate. The deferred fee will become payable to the underwriters from the amounts held in the Trust Accounts solely in the event that the Company completes a Business Combination, subject to the terms of the underwriting agreement. Critical Accounting Policies and Practices This management s discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations is based on our financial statements, which have been prepared in accordance with United States generally accepted accounting principles. The preparation of these audited financial statements requires us to make estimates and judgments that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenues and expenses and the disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities in our unaudited financial statements. On an ongoing basis, we evaluate our estimates and judgments, including those related to fair value of financial instruments and accrued expenses. We base our estimates on historical experience, known trends and events and various other factors that we believe to be reasonable under the circumstances, the results of which form the basis for making judgments about the carrying values of assets and liabilities that are not readily apparent from other sources. Actual results may differ from these estimates under different assumptions or conditions. Recent Accounting Standards Management does not believe that any other recently issued, but not yet effective, accounting standards, if currently adopted, would have a material effect on our financial statements. Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk We are a smaller reporting company as defined by Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act and are not required to provide the information otherwise required under this Item. 
 26 

Table of Contents 
 Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data. This information appears following Item 15 of this Report and is included herein by reference. Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure. None. Item 9A. Controls and Procedures. Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures Under the supervision and with the participation of our management, including our co-Chief Executive Officers and our Chief Financial Officer (together, the Certifying Officers ), we carried out an evaluation of the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act. Based on the foregoing, our Certifying Officers concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were not effective as of the end of the period covered by this Report. Disclosure controls and procedures are controls and other procedures designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in our reports filed or submitted under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms. Disclosure controls and procedures include, without limitation, controls and procedures designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in our reports filed or submitted under the Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated to management, including our Certifying Officers, or persons performing similar functions, as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. Management s Report on Internal Controls over Financial Reporting Our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting, as such term is defined in Rule 13a-15(f) and 15(d)-15(f) under the Exchange Act. The Company s management assessed the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022. In making this assessment, management used the criteria set forth by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO) in Internal Control-Integrated Framework (2013). Based on this assessment, management has concluded that, as of December 31, 2022, the Company s internal control over financial reporting was not effective due to the material weakness in our internal controls due to inadequate segregation of duties within account processes due to limited personnel and insufficient written policies and procedures for accounting, IT, and financial reporting and record keeping. During the most recently completed fiscal quarter, there has been no change in our internal control over financial reporting that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting There were no changes in our internal control over financial reporting (as such term is defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) of the Exchange Act) during the most recent fiscal quarter that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. Item 9B. Other Information. None. Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections. Not applicable. 
 27 

Table of Contents 
 PART III Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance Directors and Executive Officers As of March 28, 2023, our directors and officers are as follows: 

Name Age Position Chen, Hong - Jung (Moses) 63 Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and Director Gau, Wey Chuan (Albert) 62 Chief Financial Officer and Director Song, Yung-Fong (Ron) 62 Chief Strategy Officer Chen, Yi - Kuei (Alex) 54 Director Wu, Soushan 73 Director Noha Georges 49 Director The experience of our directors and executive officers is as follows: Chen, Hong - Jung (Moses) has been our Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and Director since inception. Mr. Chen has been Managing Director of Maxpro Ventures Ltd. since May 2018, which is an investment firm focused on breakthrough biomedical technology companies. Previously, from October 2014 to January 2017, he worked as Vice President and Acting Chief Operating Officer for SyneuRx International Corp., in Taiwan, where he was responsible for supervising the company s daily operation and personally interacting with VC representatives and private investors. He has more than 20 years of experience in formulating and implementing basic research and preclinical development strategies for small molecules, biologics and cell therapy, he is also experienced in advancing drug candidates from discovery to nomination for IND and development. He has filed 14 INDs with 2 Breakthrough Therapy Designation awards from the US FDA and supported clinical development for multiple therapeutic areas including psychiatry, neurology, autoimmune, metabolic disorders, inflammation and peripheral artery disease. Mr. Chen received his Ph.D. in Microbiology and Molecular Genetics from Rutgers, The State University of New Jersey and The University of Medicine and Dentistry of New Jersey. He did his postdoctoral training in neuroscience at California Institute of Technology. We believe Mr. Chen is well-qualified to serve as a member of our board of directors due to his experience in the healthcare industry and his contacts and relationships. Gau, Wey Chuan (Albert) has been our Chief Financial Officer and Director since inception. Mr. Gau has worked at Chuan Jhih CPA Firm in Taiwan as a practicing CPA since February 2021. He worked as a Consultant at KPMG in Taiwan from February 2021 to January 2023 and was previously a Partner of the Audit Department at KPMG from July 1998 to January 2021, where he provided accounting, financial audit, tax certification and consulting services. He has provided audit and tax services for KPMG international and local public clients for 30 years, he is familiar with US GAAP, IFRS and US SOX Act related areas. He has also provided consultancy services for IPO, domestic and overseas fund raising, financial and tax planning, organization restructuring, mergers and acquisitions, financial and accounting due diligence work, ESG, ORSA (Own Risk and Solvency Assessment), risk management, internal audit and control advice and examination, IFRS 17, IFRS 9 and other IFRSs and US GAAP adoption. Albert holds a Ph.D. in Accounting from School of Business at Renmin University of China and an MBA from Baruch College, City University of New York. We believe that Mr. Gau is well-qualified to serve as a member of our board of directors due to his accounting experience and his contacts and relationships. Song, Yung-Fong (Ron) has been our Chief Strategy Officer and has served as a Venture Partner with Maxpro Ventures Ltd. since June 2021. In addition, he served as a Managing Director with LeadSun Investment Company Ltd. from November 2020 to May 2021. Mr. Song has been an Independent Director of President Securities Corporation since June 2018, and was the senior executive vice president and Chief Investment Officer of Chung Hwa Telecom Corp. from August 2017 to October 2018. From January 2017 to August 2017, he was the President of Chung Hwa Investment Company. Prior to that, he was the Taiwan Chairman of CIMB Advisory Limited. From May 2008 to December 2010, Mr. Song was Head of Global Banking at Deutsche Bank AG, HK Branch/Taiwan Branch. From July 1998 to March 2008, he was Vice Chairman and Head of Marketing and Corporate Finance of ABN AMRO Bank. Before that, from April 1997 to June 1998, he served as Executive Director in Investment Banking at Goldman Sachs Taiwan. From January 1995 to March 1997, Mr. Song was the Director and Head of Corporate Finance at SG Warburg Taiwan. From March 1993 to December 1995, Mr. Song was Vice President in Investment Banking for Paribas Capital Markets. Mr. Song currently serves on the board of 
 28 

Table of Contents 
 directors of President Securities Company. Mr. Song earned his BA from National Taiwan University in June 1983 and his MBA from the University of Iowa in 1987. We believe Mr. Song s extensive experience in the financial industry brings great value to us. Chen, Yi - Kuei (Alex) has been an Independent Director since July 2021. Mr. Chen, with backgrounds in biotechnology and venture capital, is the co-founder and managing director of Maxpro Ventures Ltd. since 2013. Mr. Chen s professional expertise in asset management has led to his successful execution of more than 60 private equity investment transactions in the USA and the Asia-Pacific region. Prior to co-founding Maxpro Ventures Ltd., Mr. Chen was Senior Director of Integral Group from July 2012 to September 2013 where he was jointly in charge of Integral s Asian transaction process, managed its Shanghai brand, and served as board member of multiple portfolio companies such as Generon Corporation, FusionVax, Inc., and BioLite Inc. From April 1999 to June 2012, Mr. Chen held various senior management positions in the investment division at Central Investment Holdings. During that period, his successful investments included Tanox and Biopure, to name just a few. In addition, Mr. Chen has served as a director of Maxpro Investment Co., Ltd, a venture capital fund since May 2015, Maxpro Capital Management Ltd., a management company since May 2015, Vertex Ventures Ltd., a management company, since October 2017 and Crystal Capital Management Ltd., a management company, since October 2018. Mr. Chen received an MBA from Syracuse University and an MS from the University of Minnesota. We believe that Mr. Chen is well-qualified to serve as a member of our board of directors due to his extensive experience in the biotechnology industry and venture capital industry and his contacts and relationships. Wu, Soushan has been an Independent Director since July 2021. Mr. Wu has been the chair professor of the National Taiwan Normal University since August 2011 and currently the Chief Independent Director of Citi (Taiwan) since June 2019. Prior his role at Citi in Taiwan, from May 2016 to May 2019 Mr. Wu worked as an independent director of YuanTa Financial Holding where he also served as the Chairman of the audit committee. From February 2013 to December 2015, Mr. Wu served as the Chairman of the Taiwan GreTai Securities Market, now known as the Taipei Exchange. From February 2011 to August 2013, Mr. Wu was appointed Chairman at Securities and Futures Institute of Taiwan SFI ). During his chairmanship of the Taipei Exchange and SFI, Mr. Wu also set up the mechanism that strongly supports the development of the International Debt Market, and launched the SME Go-Funding zone with the Go-Incubation Board for startup firms in the Taipei Exchange in Taiwan. From August 2000 to January 2011, Mr. Wu served as Dean of College of Management at Chang Gung University. Before that from 1984 to 2000, he was professor at National ChiaoTung University. Mr. Wu devoted more than 30 years of experience in the academic field with an emphasis in the fields of accounting, finance and information management. As to the biomedical industry, Mr. Wu acquired some experience from Energenesis Biomedical Co. Ltd back in 2019 and from the Bristol (Taiwan) as a consult during 1976 to 1979. Mr. Wu earned a Ph.D. in Finance from the University of Florida in February 1984. We believe that Mr. Wu is well-qualified to serve as a member of our board of directors due to his extensive experience in the securities and financial industries, as well as his accounting experience, and his contacts and relationships. Noha Georges has been an Independent Director since July 2021 and the Head of Public Relations Influence - Qatar at Ogilvy since December 2021. She served as a managing director at Deloitte LLP from June 2019 to December 2021. Prior to her role at Deloitte LLP, from June 2016 to June 2019, Ms. Georges was the Chief Marketing, Communications and Pro Bono Officer for Risk and Financial Advisory (RFA) Business at Deloitte LLP In addition, from August 2015 to May 2019, Ms. Georges served as the Chief Communications Officer to Deloitte LLP s Chairman of the Board. Prior to that from January 2013 to October 2016, Ms. George served as the strategy and communications officer at the Office of Chief Risk, Reputation and Regulatory Affairs Managing Partner at Deloitte LLP. From September 2012 to December 2016, Ms. George was a reputational risk sensing leader at Deloitte LLP. From August 2010 to September 2015, Ms. George served as a public policy leader in government relations at Deloitte LLP. Before that, Ms. George served as the President of Elan International from 2007 to 2010. Ms. George earned her Bachelor of Arts degree from American University. We believe Ms. Georges is well-qualified to serve as a member of our board of directors due to her extensive experience in risk identification and management as well as advising boards of directors. Number and Terms of Office of Officers and Directors We have five directors. Our board of directors will be divided into three classes with only one class of directors being elected in each year and each class (except for those directors appointed prior to our first annual meeting of stockholders) serving a three-year term. In accordance with Nasdaq corporate governance requirements, we are not required to hold an annual meeting until one year after our first fiscal year end following our listing on Nasdaq. The term of office of the first class of directors, consisting of Ms. Georges will expire at our first annual meeting of stockholders. The term of office of the second class of directors, consisting of Mr. Chen, Yi - Kuei (Alex) and Mr. Wu, will expire at the second annual meeting of stockholders. The term of office of the third class of directors, consisting of Mr. Chen, Hong - Jung (Moses) and Mr. Gau, will expire at the third annual meeting of stockholders. 
 29 

Table of Contents 
 Our officers are appointed by the board of directors and serve at the discretion of the board of directors, rather than for specific terms of office. Our board of directors is authorized to appoint persons to the offices set forth in our bylaws as it deems appropriate. Our bylaws provide that our officers may consist of a Chairman of the Board, Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer, President, Vice Presidents, Secretary, Treasurer, Assistant Secretaries and such other offices as may be determined by the board of directors. Committees of the Board of Directors Our board of directors has two standing committees: an audit committee and a compensation committee. Subject to phase-in rules and a limited exception, Nasdaq rules and Rule 10A-3 of the Exchange Act require that the audit committee of a listed company be comprised solely of independent directors, and Nasdaq rules require that the compensation committee of a listed company be comprised solely of independent directors. Each committee operates under a charter that has been approved by our board of directors and has the composition and responsibilities described below. Audit Committee We have established an audit committee of the board of directors. Messrs. Chen, Yi - Kuei (Alex) and Wu and Ms. Georges serve as members of our audit committee, and Mr. Chen, Yi - Kuei (Alex) chairs the audit committee. Under the Nasdaq listing standards and applicable SEC rules, we are required to have at least three members of the audit committee, all of whom must be independent. Each of Messrs. Chen, Yi - Kuei (Alex) and Wu and Ms. George meet the independent director standard under Nasdaq listing standards and under Rule 10-A-3(b)(1) of the Exchange Act. Each member of the audit committee is financially literate and our board of directors has determined that that Mr. Chen, Yi - Kuei (Alex) qualifies as an audit committee financial expert as defined in applicable SEC rules. We have adopted an audit committee charter, which details the principal functions of the audit committee, including: the appointment, compensation, retention, replacement, and oversight of the work of the independent registered public accounting firm engaged by us; pre-approving all audit and permitted non-audit services to be provided by the independent registered public accounting firm engaged by us, and establishing pre-approval policies and procedures; setting clear hiring policies for employees or former employees of the independent registered public accounting firm, including but not limited to, as required by applicable laws and regulations; setting clear policies for audit partner rotation in compliance with applicable laws and regulations; obtaining and reviewing a report, at least annually, from the independent registered public accounting firm describing (i) the independent registered public accounting firm s internal quality-control procedures, (ii) any material issues raised by the most recent internal quality-control review, or peer review, of the audit firm, or by any inquiry or investigation by governmental or professional authorities within the preceding five years respecting one or more independent audits carried out by the firm and any steps taken to deal with such issues and (iii) all relationships between the independent registered public accounting firm and us to assess the independent registered public accounting firm s independence; reviewing and approving any related party transaction required to be disclosed pursuant to Item 404 of Regulation S-K promulgated by the SEC prior to us entering into such transaction; and reviewing with management, the independent registered public accounting firm, and our legal advisors, as appropriate, any legal, regulatory or compliance matters, including any correspondence with regulators or government agencies and any employee complaints or published reports that raise material issues regarding our financial statements or accounting policies and any significant changes in accounting standards or rules promulgated by the Financial Accounting Standards Board, the SEC or other regulatory authorities. 
 Compensation Committee We have established a compensation committee of the board of directors. Messrs. Wu and Chen, Yi - Kuei (Alex), and Ms. Georges serve as members of our compensation committee. Under the Nasdaq listing standards and applicable SEC rules, we are required to have at least two members of the compensation committee, all of whom must be independent. Each of Messrs. Wu, Chen, Yi - Kuei (Alex), and Ms. Georges are independent and Ms. Georges chairs the compensation committee. 
 30 

Table of Contents 
 We have adopted a compensation committee charter, which details the principal functions of the compensation committee, including: reviewing and approving on an annual basis the corporate goals and objectives relevant to our Chief Executive Officer s compensation, if any is paid by us, evaluating our Chief Executive Officer s performance in light of such goals and objectives and determining and approving the remuneration (if any) of our Chief Executive Officer based on such evaluation; reviewing and approving on an annual basis the compensation, if any is paid by us, of all of our other officers; reviewing on an annual basis our executive compensation policies and plans; implementing and administering our incentive compensation equity-based remuneration plans; assisting management in complying with our proxy statement and annual report disclosure requirements; approving all special perquisites, special cash payments and other special compensation and benefit arrangements for our officers and employees; if required, producing a report on executive compensation to be included in our annual proxy statement; and reviewing, evaluating and recommending changes, if appropriate, to the remuneration for directors. 
 Notwithstanding the foregoing, as indicated above, other than the payment to an affiliate of our sponsor of 10,000 per month for office space, utilities and secretarial and administrative support and reimbursement of expenses, no compensation of any kind, including finders, consulting or other similar fees, will be paid to any of our existing stockholders, officers, directors or any of their respective affiliates, prior to, or for any services they render in order to effectuate the consummation of an initial business combination. Accordingly, it is likely that prior to the consummation of an initial business combination, the compensation committee will only be responsible for the review and recommendation of any compensation arrangements to be entered into in connection with such initial business combination. The charter also provides that the compensation committee may, in its sole discretion, retain or obtain the advice of a compensation consultant, legal counsel or other adviser and will be directly responsible for the appointment, compensation and oversight of the work of any such adviser. However, before engaging or receiving advice from a compensation consultant, external legal counsel or any other adviser, the compensation committee will consider the independence of each such adviser, including the factors required by Nasdaq and the SEC. Director Nominations We do not have a standing nominating committee though we intend to form a corporate governance and nominating committee as and when required to do so by law or Nasdaq rules. In accordance with Rule 5605 of the Nasdaq rules, a majority of the independent directors may recommend a director nominee for selection by the board of directors. The board of directors believes that the independent directors can satisfactorily carry out the responsibility of properly selecting or approving director nominees without the formation of a standing nominating committee. Our independent directors will participate in the consideration and recommendation of director nominees. In accordance with Rule 5605 of the Nasdaq rules, all such directors are independent. As there is no standing nominating committee, we do not have a nominating committee charter in place. The board of directors will also consider director candidates recommended for nomination by our stockholders during such times as they are seeking proposed nominees to stand for election at the next annual meeting of stockholders (or, if applicable, a special meeting of stockholders). Our stockholders that wish to nominate a director for election to our board of directors should follow the procedures set forth in our bylaws. We have not formally established any specific, minimum qualifications that must be met or skills that are necessary for directors to possess. In general, in identifying and evaluating nominees for director, the board of directors considers educational background, diversity of professional experience, knowledge of our business, integrity, professional reputation, independence, wisdom, and the ability to represent the best interests of our stockholders. 
 31 

Table of Contents 
 Code of Ethics We have adopted a Code of Ethics applicable to our directors, officers and employees. We have filed a copy of our Code of Ethics and our audit and compensation committee charters with the SEC and copies are available on our website. You are able to review these documents by accessing our public filings at the SEC s web site at www.sec.gov . In addition, a copy of the Code of Ethics will be provided without charge upon request from us. We intend to disclose any amendments to or waivers of certain provisions of our Code of Ethics in a Current Report on Form 8-K. Item 11. Executive Compensation Compensation Discussion and Analysis None of our officers has received any cash compensation for services rendered to us. Other than the payment to an affiliate of our sponsor of 10,000 per month described elsewhere in this Report, no compensation of any kind, including any finder s fee, reimbursement, consulting fee or monies in respect of any payment of a loan, will be paid by us to our sponsor, officers, directors or any affiliate of our sponsor, officers, or directors prior to, or in connection with any services rendered in order to effectuate, the consummation of our initial business combination (regardless of the type of transaction that it is). However, these individuals will be reimbursed for any out-of-pocket expenses incurred in connection with activities on our behalf such as identifying potential target businesses and performing due diligence on suitable business combinations. Our audit committee reviews on a quarterly basis all payments that were made to our sponsor, officers, or directors, or our or their affiliates. Any such payments prior to an initial business combination will be made using funds held outside the trust account. Other than quarterly audit committee review of such payments, we do not expect to have any additional controls in place governing our reimbursement payments to our directors and executive officers for their out-of-pocket expenses incurred in connection with identifying and consummating an initial business combination. After the completion of our initial business combination, directors or members of our management team who remain with us may be paid consulting or management fees from the combined company. All of these fees will be fully disclosed to stockholders, to the extent then known, in the tender offer materials or proxy solicitation materials furnished to our stockholders in connection with a proposed initial business combination. We have not established any limit on the amount of such fees that may be paid by the combined company to our directors or members of management. It is unlikely the amount of such compensation will be known at the time of the proposed initial business combination, because the directors of the post-combination business will be responsible for determining officer and director compensation. Any compensation to be paid to our officers will be determined, or recommended to the board of directors for determination, either by a compensation committee constituted solely by independent directors or by a majority of the independent directors on our board of directors. We do not intend to take any action to ensure that members of our management team maintain their positions with us after the consummation of our initial business combination, although it is possible that some or all of our officers and directors may negotiate employment or consulting arrangements to remain with us after our initial business combination. The existence or terms of any such employment or consulting arrangements to retain their positions with us may influence our management s motivation in identifying or selecting a target business but we do not believe that the ability of our management to remain with us after the consummation of our initial business combination will be a determining factor in our decision to proceed with any potential business combination. We are not party to any agreements with our officers and directors that provide for benefits upon termination of employment. The compensation committee has reviewed and discussed this Compensation Discussion and Analysis with management and, based upon its review and discussions, the compensation committee recommended to the board of directors that the Compensation Discussion and Analysis be included in this Report. Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters The following table sets forth information regarding the beneficial ownership of our common stock as of March 28, 2023, based on information obtained from the persons named below, with respect to the beneficial ownership of common stock, by: each person known by us to be the beneficial owner of more than 5 of our outstanding common stock;
 each of our executive officers and directors that beneficially owns our common stock; and all our executive officers and directors as a group. 

 32 

Table of Contents 
 In the table below, percentage ownership is based on 13,427,525 shares of our common stock, consisting of (i) 10,840,025 shares of our Class A common stock, and (ii) 2,587,500 shares of our Class B common stock, issued and outstanding as of March 28, 2023. On all matters to be voted upon, holders of the shares of Class A common stock and shares of Class B common stock vote together as a single class. Currently, all of the shares of Class B common stock are convertible into Class A common stock on a one-for-one basis. Unless otherwise indicated, we believe that all persons named in the table have sole voting and investment power with respect to all shares of common stock beneficially owned by them. The following table does not reflect record or beneficial ownership of the private placement warrants as these warrants are not exercisable within 60 days of the date of this Report. 

Class A Class B Common Stock Common Stock Approximate Percentage Number of Number of of Shares Approximate Shares Approximate Outstanding Beneficially Percentage Beneficially Percentage Common Name and Address of Beneficial Owner (1) Owned of Class Owned(2) of Class Stock MP One Investment LLC (1)(2) 464,150 4.3 2,482,500 95.9 21.9 Chen, Hong - Jung (Moses) (1)(2) 464,150 4.3 2,512,500 95.9 22.2 Gau, Wey Chuan (Albert) (1) 30,000 1.2 Song, Yung-Fong (Ron) (1)(2) 464,150 4.3 2,497,500 95.9 22.1 Chen, Yi - Kuei (Alex) (1) 10,000 Wu, Soushan (1) 10,000 Noha Georges(1) 10,000 All executive officers and directors as a group (six individuals) 464,150 4.3 2,587,500 100.0 22.7 D. E. Shaw Valence Portfolios, L.L.C. (3) 811,308 7.5 6.0 D.E. Shaw Oculus Portfolios, L.L.C. (3) 811,308 7.5 6.0 D. E. Shaw Co., L.L.C. (3) 811,308 7.5 6.0 D. E. Shaw Co., L.P. (3) 811,308 7.5 6.0 David E. Shaw (3) 811,308 7.5 6.0 Weiss Asset Management LP (4) 671,100 6.2 5.0 WAM GP LLC (4) 671,100 6.2 5.0 Andrew M. Weiss, Ph. D (4) 671,100 6.2 5.0 Karpus Investment Management (5) 1,121,320 10.3 8.4 Periscope Capital Inc. (6) 809,564 7.5 6.0 

 less than 1 (1) Unless otherwise noted, the business address of each of the following entities or individuals is c/o Maxpro Capital Acquisition Corp., 5/F-4, No. 89, Songren Road, Xinyi District, Taipei City, Taiwan 11073. (2) MP One Investment LLC, our sponsor, is the record holder of the securities reported herein. MP One Investment LLC is controlled by Chen, Hong - Jung (Moses), Maxpro s Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, and Song, Yung-Fong (Ron), Maxpro s Chief Strategy Officer. By virtue of this relationship, Chen, Hong - Jung (Moses) and Song, Yung-Fong (Ron) may be deemed to share beneficial ownership of the securities held of record by the Sponsor. Chen, Hong - Jung (Moses) and Song, Yung-Fong (Ron) each disclaims any such beneficial ownership except to the extent of his pecuniary interest. (3) The beneficial ownership is based on the latest available filing made with the SEC on Schedule 13G/A on February 14, 2023 and consists of 811,308 shares of Maxpro Class A Common Stock. To the best of Maxpro s knowledge, D. E. Shaw Valence Portfolios, L.L.C., D.E. Shaw Oculus Portfolios, L.L.C., D. E. Shaw Co., L.L.C., D. E. Shaw Co., L.P. and David E. Shaw own and control 7.8 of the outstanding Public Shares. The address of D. E. Shaw Valence Portfolios, L.L.C., D. E. Shaw Co., L.L.C., D.E. Shaw Oculus Portfolios, L.L.C., D. E. Shaw Co., L.P. and David E. Shaw is 1166 Avenue of the Americas, 9th Floor, New York, NY 10036. 
 33 

Table of Contents 
 (4) The beneficial ownership is based on the latest available filing made with the SEC on Schedule 13G on February 11, 2022 and consists of 671,100 shares of Maxpro Class A Common Stock. To the best of Maxpro s knowledge, Weiss Asset Management LP, WAM GP LLC and Andrew M. Weiss, Ph.D. own and control 6.2 of the outstanding Public Shares. The address of Weiss Asset Management LP, WAM GP LLC and Andrew M. Weiss, Ph.D. is 222 Berkeley St., 16th Floor, Boston, Massachusetts 02116. (5) The beneficial ownership is based on the latest available filing made with the SEC on Schedule 13G/A on February 14, 2023 and consists of 1,121,320 shares of Maxpro Class A Common Stock. To the best of Maxpro s knowledge, Karpus Management, Inc., d/b/a Karpus Investment Management owns and controls 10.8 of the outstanding Public Shares. The address of Karpus Management, Inc., d/b/a Karpus Investment Management is 183 Sully s Trail, Pittsford, New York 14534. (6) The beneficial ownership is based on the latest available filing made with the SEC on Schedule 13G/A on February 13, 2023 and consists of 809,564 shares of Maxpro Class A Common Stock. To the best of Maxpro s knowledge, Periscope Capital Inc. owns and controls 7.8 of the outstanding Public Shares. The address of Periscope Capital Inc. is 333 Bay Street, Suite 1240, Toronto, Ontario, Canada M5H 2R2. 
 Securities Authorized for Issuance under Equity Compensation Table None. Changes in Control None. Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence On June 30, 2021, our sponsor purchased 2,875,000 founder shares for an aggregate purchase price of 25,000, or approximately 0.009 per share. On July 6, 2021, our sponsor transferred 30,000 shares to Chen, Hong - Jung (Moses), 30,000 shares to Gau, Wey - Chuan (Albert), 10,000 shares to Chen, Yi-Kuei (Alex) and 10,000 shares to Wu, Soushan. On July 29, 2021, our sponsor transferred 15,000 shares to Song, Yung-Fong (Ron) and 10,000 shares to Noha Georges. On September 16, 2021, our sponsor surrendered 287,500 founder shares. The founder shares (including the Class A common stock issuable upon exercise thereof) may not, subject to certain limited exceptions, be transferred, assigned or sold by the holder. Simultaneously with the closing of our initial public offering on October 13, 2021, our sponsor purchased an aggregate of 464,150 private placement units at a price of 10.00 per private placement unit, for an aggregate purchase price of 4,641,500. Each private placement unit consists of one share of Class A common stock and one redeemable private placement warrant. Each whole private placement warrant is exercisable to purchase one share of Class A common stock at a price of 11.50 per share. The proceeds from the private placement units were added to the proceeds from our initial public offering held in the trust account. If we do not complete an initial business combination by April 13, 2023, the proceeds from the sale of the private placement units will be used to fund the redemption of the public shares (subject to the requirements of applicable law), and the private placement units and all underlying securities will expire worthless. Commencing on October 7, 2021, we pay Maxpro Capital Management LTD., an affiliate of members of our sponsor, a total of 10,000 per month for office space, utilities and secretarial and administrative support. Upon completion of our initial business combination or our liquidation, we will cease paying these monthly fees. Other than the foregoing, no compensation of any kind, including any finder s fee, reimbursement, consulting fee or monies in respect of any payment of a loan, will be paid by us to our sponsor, officers, or directors or any affiliate of our sponsor, officers, or directors prior to, or in connection with any services rendered in order to effectuate, the consummation of an initial business combination (regardless of the type of transaction that it is). However, these individuals will be reimbursed for any out-of-pocket expenses incurred in connection with activities on our behalf such as identifying potential target businesses and performing due diligence on suitable business combinations. Our audit committee reviews on a quarterly basis all payments that were made to our sponsor, officers, directors, or our or their affiliates and determines which expenses and the amount of expenses that will be reimbursed. There is no cap or ceiling on the reimbursement of out-of-pocket expenses incurred by such persons in connection with activities on our behalf. 
 34 

Table of Contents 
 On June 30, 2021, our sponsor agreed to loan us up to 300,000 to be used for a portion of the expenses of our initial public offering and we issued an unsecured promissory note to our sponsor. Pursuant to the terms of our promissory note, we may borrow up to an aggregate principal amount of 300,000. The promissory note is non-interest bearing and payable on the earlier of (i) October 31, 2021 and (ii) the completion of our initial public offering. As of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, there was no balance outstanding under the Promissory Note. On October 13, 2022, we issued a promissory note (the Sponsor Note in the principal amount of 1,035,000 to the Sponsor in connection with the First Extension. The Sponsor Note bears no interest and is due and payable upon the earlier to occur of (i) the date on which Maxpro s initial business combination is consummated and (ii) the liquidation of Maxpro on or before January 13, 2023 (unless extended to April 13, 2023 in connection with a second three-month extension pursuant to Maxpro s governing documents, or such later liquidation date as may be approved by Maxpro s stockholders). At the election of the Sponsor, the unpaid principal amount of the Sponsor Note may be converted into units of Maxpro (the Conversion Units and the total Conversion Units so issued shall be equal to: (x) the portion of the principal amount of the Note being converted divided by (y) the conversion price of ten dollars 10.00), rounded up to the nearest whole number of Conversion Units. On January 13, 2023, Maxpro amended and restated the Sponsor Note (the Amended Sponsor Note in its entirety solely to increase the principal amount thereunder from 1,035,000 to 1,552,500 in connection with the Second Extension. The Amended Sponsor Note bears no interest and is due and payable upon the earlier to occur of (i) the date on which Maxpro s initial business combination is consummated and (ii) the liquidation of Maxpro on or before April 13, 2023 (or such later liquidation date as may be approved by Maxpro s stockholders). At the election of the Sponsor, the unpaid principal amount of the Amended Sponsor Note may be converted into units of Maxpro (the Conversion Units and the total Conversion Units so issued shall be equal to: (x) the portion of the principal amount of the Amended Sponsor Note being converted divided by (y) the conversion price of ten dollars 10.00), rounded up to the nearest whole number of Conversion Units. After our initial business combination, members of our management team who remain with us may be paid consulting, management or other fees from the combined company with any and all amounts being fully disclosed to our stockholders, to the extent then known, in the tender offer or proxy solicitation materials, as applicable, furnished to our stockholders. It is unlikely the amount of such compensation will be known at the time of distribution of such tender offer materials or at the time of a stockholder meeting held to consider our initial business combination, as applicable, as it will be up to the directors of the post-combination business to determine executive and director compensation. The holders of the founder shares, private placement units, and units that may be issued upon conversion of working capital loans (and in each case holders of their component securities, as applicable) have registration rights to require us to register a sale of any of our securities held by them pursuant to a registration rights agreement entered into in connection with our initial public offering. These holders are entitled to make up to three demands, excluding short form registration demands, that we register such securities for sale under the Securities Act. In addition, these holders have piggy-back registration rights to include their securities in other registration statements filed by us. We have entered into agreements with our officers and directors to provide contractual indemnification in addition to the indemnification provided for in our amended and restated certificate of incorporation. Our bylaws also permit us to secure insurance on behalf of any officer, director or employee for any liability arising out of his or her actions, regardless of whether Delaware law would permit such indemnification. We have purchased a policy of directors and officers liability insurance that insures our officers and directors against the cost of defense, settlement or payment of a judgment in some circumstances and insures us against our obligations to indemnify our officers and directors. Related Party Policy We have adopted a code of ethics requiring us to avoid, wherever possible, all conflicts of interests, except under guidelines or resolutions approved by our board of directors (or the appropriate committee of our board) or as disclosed in our public filings with the SEC. Under our code of ethics, conflict of interest situations will include any financial transaction, arrangement or relationship (including any indebtedness or guarantee of indebtedness) involving the company. We have filed a copy of our code of ethics with the SEC and a copy is available on our website. You are able to review our code of ethics by accessing our public filings at the SEC s web site at 
 35 

Table of Contents 
 www.sec.gov. In addition, a copy of the code of ethics will be provided without charge upon request from us. We intend to disclose any amendments to or waivers of certain provisions of our code of ethics in a Current Report on Form 8-K In addition, our audit committee, pursuant to a written charter that we have adopted, is responsible for reviewing and approving related party transactions to the extent that we enter into such transactions. An affirmative vote of a majority of the members of the audit committee present at a meeting at which a quorum is present will be required in order to approve a related party transaction. A majority of the members of the entire audit committee will constitute a quorum. Without a meeting, the unanimous written consent of all of the members of the audit committee will be required to approve a related party transaction. We have filed a copy of our audit committee charter with the SEC and a copy is available on our website. We also require each of our directors and executive officers to complete a directors and officers questionnaire that elicits information about related party transactions. These procedures are intended to determine whether any such related party transaction impairs the independence of a director or presents a conflict of interest on the part of a director, employee or officer. To further minimize conflicts of interest, we have agreed not to consummate an initial business combination with an entity that is affiliated with any of our sponsor, officers or directors unless we, or a committee of independent directors, have obtained an opinion from an independent investment banking firm or another independent entity that commonly renders valuation opinions that our initial business combination is fair to our company from a financial point of view. Furthermore, no finder s fees, reimbursements, consulting fee, monies in respect of any payment of a loan or other compensation will be paid by us to our sponsor, officers or directors or any affiliate of our sponsor, officers or directors prior to, for services rendered to us prior to, or in connection with any services rendered in order to effectuate, the consummation of our initial business combination (regardless of the type of transaction that it is). However, the following payments will be made to our sponsor, officers, or directors, or our or their affiliates, none of which will be made from the proceeds of this offering held in the trust account prior to the completion of our initial business combination: Repayment of up to an aggregate of 300,000 in loans made to us by our sponsor to cover offering-related and organizational expenses; Payment to Maxpro Capital Management LTD. of 10,000 per month, for up to 18 months, for office space, utilities and secretarial and administrative support; Reimbursement for any out-of-pocket expenses related to identifying, investigating and completing an initial business combination; and Repayment of non-interest bearing loans which may be made by our sponsor or an affiliate of our sponsor or certain of our officers and directors to finance transaction costs in connection with an intended initial business combination, the terms of which (other than as described above) have not been determined nor have any written agreements been executed with respect thereto. Up to 1,500,000 of such loans may be convertible into units, at a price of 10.00 per unit at the option of the lender, upon consummation of our initial business combination. The units would be identical to the private placement units. 
 Our audit committee reviews on a quarterly basis all payments that were made to our sponsor, officers, directors or our or their affiliates. Director Independence Nasdaq listing standards require that a majority of our board of directors be independent. An independent director is defined generally as a person other than an officer or employee of the company or its subsidiaries or any other individual having a relationship which in the opinion of the company s board of directors, would interfere with the director s exercise of independent judgment in carrying out the responsibilities of a director. Our board of directors has determined that Messrs. Chen and Wu and Ms. Georges are independent directors as defined in the Nasdaq listing standards and applicable SEC rules. Item 14 . Principal Accountant Fees and Services. The following is a summary of fees paid or to be paid to MaloneBailey, for services rendered. 
 36 

Table of Contents 
 Audit Fees . The fees for our independent registered public accounting firm were 97,500 and 72,500 for December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 respectively, for the services MaloneBailey performed in connection with our initial Business Combination, review of the financial information included in our Forms 10-Q for the respective periods and the audit of our December 31, 2022 financial statements included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Audit-Related Fees. For the year ended December 31, 2022, our independent registered public accounting firm did not render assurance and related services related to the performance of the audit or review of financial statements. Tax Fees . The fees for our independent registered public accounting firm were 5,000 and 0 for December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 respectively, for the services MaloneBailey performed in connection with tax compliance. All Other Fees . For the year ended December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, there were no fees billed for products and services provided by our independent registered public accounting firm other than those set forth above. Pre-Approval Policy Our audit committee was formed upon the consummation of our initial public offering. As a result, the audit committee did not pre-approve all of the foregoing services, although any services rendered prior to the formation of our audit committee were approved by our board of directors. Since the formation of our audit committee, and on a going-forward basis, the audit committee has and will pre-approve all auditing services and permitted non-audit services to be performed for us by our auditors, including the fees and terms thereof (subject to the de minimis exceptions for non-audit services described in the Exchange Act which are approved by the audit committee prior to the completion of the audit). 
 37 

Table of Contents 
 PART IV Item 15. Exhibits, Financial Statements and Financial Statement Schedules (a) The following documents are filed as part of this Report: (1) Financial Statements Page Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID F-1 Balance Sheets F-2 Statements of Operations F-3 Statement of Changes in Stockholders Deficit F-4 Statements of Cash Flows F-5 Notes to Financial Statements F-6 (2) Financial Statements Schedule All financial statement schedules are omitted because they are not applicable or the amounts are immaterial and not required, or the required information is presented in the financial statements and notes beginning on F-1 on this Report. (3) Exhibits We hereby file as part of this Report the exhibits listed in the attached Exhibit Index. Exhibits which are incorporated herein by reference can be obtained from the SEC website at www.sec.gov. Item 16. Form 10-K Summary Not applicable. 
 38 

Table of Contents 
 REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM To the Shareholders and Board of Directors of Maxpro Capital Acquisition Corp Opinion on the Financial Statements We have audited the accompanying balance sheets of Maxpro Capital Acquisition Corp (the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the related statements of operations, stockholders deficit, and cash flows for the year ended December 31, 2022 and for the period from June 2, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2021, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the financial statements ). In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for the year ended December 31, 2022 and for the period from June 2, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2021, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. Going Concern Matter The accompanying financial statements have been prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. As more fully described in Note 1 to the financial statements, the Company s business plan is dependent on the completion of a business combination within a prescribed period of time and if not completed will cease all operations except for the purpose of liquidating. The date for mandatory liquidation and subsequent dissolution raise substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. Management s plans in regard to these matters are also described in Note 1. The financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. Basis for Opinion These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. /s/ www.malonebailey.com We have served as the Company s auditor since 2021. March 31, 2023 
 F-1 

Table of Contents 
 MAXPRO CAPITAL ACQUISITION CORP. BALANCE SHEETS December 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 ASSETS Current Assets: Cash Marketable securities held in Trust Account Prepaid expenses and other current assets Total Current Assets Marketable securities held in Trust Account Total Assets LIABILITIES AND SHAREHOLDERS DEFICIT Accounts payable and accrued expenses Accrued income tax Deferred underwriting commission Note payable - sponsor Total Current Liabilities Deferred underwriting commission Total Liabilities COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES (Note 6) Class A common stock subject to possible redemption; shares (at on December 31, 2022 and on December 31, 2021 per share) Shareholders deficit: Preferred stock, par value; shares authorized; issued and outstanding Class A common stock, par value, shares authorized, shares issued and outstanding (excluding shares subject to possible redemption) Class B common stock, par value, shares authorized, shares issued and outstanding Additional paid-in capital Accumulated deficit ) ) Total Shareholders Deficit ) ) Total Liabilities and Shareholders Deficit The accompanying notes are an integral part of the financial statements. 
 F-2 

Table of Contents 
 MAXPRO CAPITAL ACQUISITION CORP. STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS For the Period from Twelve Months Ended June 2, 2021 (inception) December 31, 2022 Through December 31, 2021 EXPENSES Administrative fee - related party General and administrative Total Expenses Other income Investment income earned on investments held in the Trust Account Total other income Net loss before income taxes ) ) Income tax expense ) Net loss attributable to common stock ) ) Weighted average number of Class A common stock outstanding, basic and diluted Basic and diluted net loss per Class A common stock ) ) Weighted average number of Class B common stock outstanding, basic and diluted Basic and diluted net loss per Class B common stock ) ) The accompanying notes are an integral part of the financial statements. 
 F-3 

Table of Contents 
 MAXPRO CAPITAL ACQUISITION CORP. STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN SHAREHOLDERS DEFICIT FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022 AND FOR THE PERIOD FROM JUNE 2, 2021 (INCEPTION) THROUGH DECEMBER 31, 2021 

Class A Class B Additional Total Common Stock Common Stock Paid-in Accumulated Shareholders Shares Amount Shares Amount Capital Deficit Deficit Balances as of December 31, 2021 ) ) Net loss ) ) Remeasurement of common stock subject to possible redemption ) ) Balance as of December 31, 2022 ) ) 

Additional Total Class A Ordinary Shares Class B Ordinary Shares Paid-in Accumulated Shareholders Shares Amount Shares Amount Capital Deficit Deficit Balances as of June 2, 2021 Issuance of Founder shares to Sponsor Sale of Class A ordinary shares Deferred underwriting commission ) ) Underwriting costs ) ) Sale of Private Placement Units to Sponsor Class A ordinary shares issued to Representative ) Shares subject to redemption ) ) ) ) Remeasurement adjustment to redemption value ) Net loss ) ) Balance as of December 31, 2021 ) ) The accompanying notes are an integral part of the financial statements. 
 F-4 

Table of Contents 
 MAXPRO CAPITAL ACQUISITION CORP. STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 

For the period From June 2, For the 2021 (inception) Year Ended Through December 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 Cash flows from operating activities Net loss ) ) Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash used in operating activities: Investment income earned on investment held in Trust Account ) ) Changes in operating assets and liabilities: Prepaid expenses and other current assets ) Accrued income tax Accounts payable and accrued expenses Net cash used in operating activities ) ) Cash flows from investing activities Deposit to Trust Account ) ) Withdrawal from Trust Account for taxes Net cash used in investing activities ) ) Cash flows from financing activities Proceeds from sales of Units in Public Offering, net of underwriting fee Proceeds from sale of Private Placement Units Proceeds from note payable Repayment of note payable ) Proceeds from related party advances Proceeds from issuance of Class B common stock to Sponsor Proceeds of offering costs ) Net cash provided by financing activities Net change in cash ) Cash at beginning of period Cash at end of period Non-cash financing activities: Initial redemption value of Class A shares Deferred underwriter s commission Remeasurement of Class A common stock subject to redemption The accompanying notes are an integral part of the financial statements. 
 F-5 

Table of Contents 
 MAXPRO CAPITAL ACQUISITION CORP. Notes to Financial Statements or more businesses (the Business Combination ). The Company is not limited to a particular industry or sector for purposes of consummating a Business Combination. The Company is an early stage and emerging growth company and, as such, the Company is subject to all of the risks associated with early stage and emerging growth companies. As of December 31, 2022, the Company had not commenced any operations. All activity for the period from June 2, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2022 relates to the Company s formation and initial public offering Initial Public Offering ), which is described below. The Company will not generate any operating revenues until after the completion of its initial Business Combination, at the earliest. The Company will generate non-operating income in the form of interest income from the proceeds derived from the Initial Public Offering. The Company has selected December 31 as its fiscal year end. On September 14, 2022, the Company, entered into a Business Combination Agreement (the Business Combination Agreement by and among the Company, Apollomics Inc., a Cayman Islands exempted company Apollomics ), and Project Max SPAC Merger Sub, Inc., a Delaware corporation and wholly-owned subsidiary of Apollomics Merger Sub ). The Closing is expected to occur in the first quarter of 2023. The registration statement for the Company s Initial Public Offering was declared effective on October 7, 2021. On October 13, 2021, the Company consummated the Initial Public Offering of units Units and, with respect to the common stock included in the Units being offered, the Public Shares ), generating gross proceeds of , which is described in Note 3. Simultaneously with the closing of the Initial Public Offering, the Company consummated the private sale (the Private Placement of an aggregate of units (the Private Placement Units to MP One Investment, LLC (the Sponsor at a purchase price of per Private Placement Unit, generating gross proceeds to the Company in the amount of . On October 13, 2021, the underwriters purchased an additional Option Units pursuant to the exercise of the over-allotment option. The Option Units were sold at an offering price of per Unit, generating additional gross proceeds to the Company of . Also, in connection with the partial exercise of the over-allotment option, the Sponsor purchased an additional Option Private Placement Units at a purchase price of per unit. As of October 13, 2021, transaction costs amounted to consisting of of underwriting fees paid in cash, of deferred underwriting fees payable (which are held in a trust account with Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company acting as trustee (the Trust Account )), funded to the trust account and of costs related to the Initial Public Offering. Cash of was held outside of the Trust Account on October 13, 2021 and was available for working capital purposes. As described in Note 6, the deferred underwriting fees are contingent upon the consummation of the Business Combination by April 13, 2023. Following the closing of the Initial Public Offering on October 13, 2021, an amount of per Unit) from the net proceeds of the sale of the Units in the Initial Public Offering and the Private Placement was placed in a trust account Trust Account which may be invested in U.S. government securities, within the meaning set forth in Section 2(a)(16) of the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended (the Investment Company Act ), with a maturity of 185 days or less or in any open-ended investment company that holds itself out as a money market fund selected by the Company meeting the conditions of Rule 2a-7 of the Investment Company Act, as determined by the Company, until the earlier of: (i) the consummation of a Business Combination or (ii) the distribution of the Trust Account, as described below. 
 F-6 

Table of Contents 
 of the value of the net assets held in the Trust Account (as defined below) (excluding the deferred underwriting commissions and taxes payable on the interest earned on the Trust Account). The Company will only complete a Business Combination if the post transaction company owns or acquires or more of the outstanding voting securities of the target or otherwise acquires a controlling interest in the target business sufficient for it not to be required to register as an investment company under the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended (the Investment Company Act ). Upon the closing of the Initial Public Offering, management has agreed that an amount equal to at least per Unit sold in the Initial Public Offering, including proceeds of the Private Placement Warrants, will be held in a trust account Trust Account ), located in the United States and invested only in U.S. government securities, within the meaning set forth in Section 2(a)(16) of the Investment Company Act, with a maturity of 185 days or less or in any open-ended investment company that holds itself out as a money market fund selected by the Company meeting certain conditions of Rule 2a-7 of the Investment Company Act, as determined by the Company, until the earlier of: (i) the completion of a Business Combination and (ii) the distribution of the funds held in the Trust Account, as described below. The Company will provide the holders of the outstanding Public Shares (the Public Shareholders with the opportunity to redeem all or a portion of their Public Shares either (i) in connection with a shareholders meeting called to approve the Business Combination or (ii) by means of a tender offer in connection with the Business Combination. The decision as to whether the Company will seek shareholder approval of a Business Combination or conduct a tender offer will be made by the Company. The Public Shareholders will be entitled to redeem their Public Shares for a pro rata portion of the amount then in the Trust Account (initially anticipated to be per Public Share, plus any pro rata interest then in the Trust Account, net of taxes payable). There will be no redemption rights upon the completion of a Business Combination with respect to the Company s warrants. The Public Shares subject to redemption will be recorded at a redemption value and classified as temporary equity upon the completion of the Initial Public Offering in accordance with the Accounting Standards Codification ASC Topic 480 Distinguishing Liabilities from Equity . The Company will not redeem Public Shares in an amount that would cause its net tangible assets to be less than (so that it does not then become subject to the SEC s penny stock rules) or any greater net tangible asset or cash requirement which may be contained in the agreement relating to the Business Combination. If the Company seeks shareholder approval of the Business Combination, the Company will proceed with a Business Combination if a majority of the outstanding shares voted are voted in favor of the Business Combination, or such other vote as required by law or stock exchange rule. If a shareholder vote is not required by applicable law or stock exchange listing requirements and the Company does not decide to hold a shareholder vote for business or other reasons, the Company will, pursuant to its second amended and restated certificate of incorporation (the Certificate of Incorporation ), conduct the redemptions pursuant to the tender offer rules of the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission SEC and file tender offer documents with the SEC prior to completing a Business Combination. If, however, shareholder approval of the transaction is required by applicable law or stock exchange listing requirements, or the Company decides to obtain shareholder approval for business or other reasons, the Company will offer to redeem shares in conjunction with a proxy solicitation pursuant to the proxy rules and not pursuant to the tender offer rules. If the Company seeks shareholder approval in connection with a Business Combination, the Sponsor has agreed to vote its Founder Shares (as defined in Note 5) and any Public Shares purchased during or after the Public Offering in favor of approving a Business Combination. Additionally, each Public Shareholder may elect to redeem their Public Shares without voting, and if they do vote, irrespective of whether they vote for or against the proposed transaction. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if the Company seeks shareholder approval of a Business Combination and it does not conduct redemptions pursuant to the tender offer rules, the Certificate of Incorporation will provide that a Public Shareholder, together with any affiliate of such shareholder or any other person with whom such shareholder is acting in concert or as a group (as defined under Section 13 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act )), will be restricted from redeeming its shares with respect to more than an aggregate of of the Public Shares, without the prior consent of the Company. The holders of the Founder Shares have agreed (a) to waive their redemption rights with respect to the Founder Shares and Public Shares held by them in connection with the completion of a Business Combination and (b) not to propose an amendment to the Certificate of Incorporation (i) to modify the substance or timing of the Company s obligation to allow redemptions in connection with a Business Combination or to redeem of its Public Shares if the Company does not complete a Business Combination within the Combination Period (as defined below) or (ii) with respect to any other provision relating to shareholders rights or pre-business combination activity, 
 F-7 

Table of Contents 
 (or , or , as applicable from the closing of the Initial Public Offering (the Combination Period ), the Company will (i) cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up, (ii) as promptly as reasonably possible but not more than ten business days thereafter, redeem the Public Shares, at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the Trust Account, including interest earned on the funds held in the Trust Account and not previously released to pay taxes (less up to of interest to pay dissolution expenses), divided by the number of then outstanding Public Shares, which redemption will completely extinguish Public Shareholders rights as shareholders (including the right to receive further liquidating distributions, if any), and (iii) as promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption, subject to the approval of the Company s remaining shareholders and the Company s board of directors, dissolve and liquidate, subject in each case to the Company s obligations under Delaware law to provide for claims of creditors and the requirements of other applicable law. There will be no redemption rights or liquidating distributions with respect to the Company s warrants, which will expire worthless if the Company fails to complete a Business Combination within the Combination Period. The holders of the Founders Shares have agreed to waive their liquidation rights with respect to the Founder Shares if the Company fails to complete a Business Combination within the Combination Period. However, if the holders of Founder Shares acquire Public Shares in or after the Initial Public Offering, such Public Shares will be entitled to liquidating distributions from the Trust Account if the Company fails to complete a Business Combination within the Combination Period. The underwriters have agreed to waive their rights to their deferred underwriting commission (see Note 6) held in the Trust Account in the event the Company does not complete a Business Combination within the Combination Period and, in such event, such amounts will be included with the other funds held in the Trust Account that will be available to fund the redemption of the Public Shares. In the event of such distribution, it is possible that the per share value of the assets remaining available for distribution will be less than the Initial Public Offering price per Unit ). In order to protect the amounts held in the Trust Account, the Sponsor has agreed to be liable to the Company if and to the extent any claims by a third party for services rendered or products sold to the Company, or a prospective target business with which the Company has discussed entering into a transaction agreement, reduce the amount of funds in the Trust Account to below (i) per Public Share or (ii) such lesser amount per Public Share held in the Trust Account as of the date of the liquidation of the Trust Account, if less than per Public Share due to reductions in the value of the trust assets, in each case net of the amount of interest which may be withdrawn to pay taxes, except as to any claims by a third party who executed a waiver of any and all rights to seek access to the Trust Account and except as to any claims under the Company s indemnity of the underwriters of the Initial Public Offering against certain liabilities, including liabilities under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act ). Moreover, in the event that an executed waiver is deemed to be unenforceable against a third party, the Sponsor will not be responsible to the extent of any liability for such third-party claims. The Company will seek to reduce the possibility that the Sponsor will have to indemnify the Trust Account due to claims of creditors by endeavoring to have all vendors, service providers (except for the Company s independent registered accounting firm), prospective target businesses and other entities with which the Company does business, execute agreements with the Company waiving any right, title, interest or claim of any kind in or to monies held in the Trust Account. Going Concern Consideration The Company expects to incur significant costs in pursuit of its financing and acquisition plans. In connection with the Company s assessment of going concern considerations in accordance with Accounting Standards Update ASU 2014-15, Disclosures of Uncertainties about an Entity s Ability to Continue as a Going Concern, management has determined that if the Company is unsuccessful in consummating an initial business combination within the prescribed period of time from the closing of the IPO, the requirement that the Company cease all operations, redeem the public shares and thereafter liquidate and dissolve raises substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. The balance sheet does not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. Management has determined that the Company has funds that are sufficient to fund the working capital needs of the Company until the consummation of an initial business combination or the winding up of the Company as stipulated in the Company s amended and restated memorandum of association. The accompanying financial statements have been prepared in conformity with generally accepted accounting principles in the United States of America GAAP ), which contemplate continuation of the Company as a going concern. 
 F-8 

Table of Contents 
 
 F-9 

Table of Contents 
 and , respectively, in treasury investments held in the Trust Account. The Company s investments held in the Trust Account are comprised of U.S. government securities and are classified as trading securities. Trading securities are presented on the balance sheets at fair value at the end of each reporting period. Gains and losses resulting from the change in fair value of these securities are reported in the statements of operations. The estimated fair values of investments held in the Trust Account are determined using available market information. consist principally of costs incurred in connection with formation of the Company and preparation for the Initial Public Offering. These costs, together with the underwriter discount of , were charged to additional paid-in capital upon completion of the Initial Public Offering. and are presented as temporary equity, outside of the shareholders equity section of the Company s balance sheet. The change of is due to remeasurement, which is recorded in shareholders deficit. Class A common stock in the aggregate. As a result, diluted net loss per share of common stock is the same as basic net income per share of common stock for the periods presented. 
 F-10 

Table of Contents) ) ) ) Denominator: Basic and diluted weighted average common stock outstanding Basic and diluted net loss per share of common stock unrecognized tax benefits and amounts accrued for interest and penalties as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021. The Company is currently not aware of any issues under review that could result in significant payments, accruals or material deviation from its position. The Company may be subject to potential examination by federal, state and city taxing authorities in the areas of income taxes. These potential examinations may include questioning the timing and amount of deductions, the nexus of income among various tax jurisdictions and compliance with federal, state and city tax laws. The Company s management does not expect that the total amount of unrecognized tax benefits will materially change over the next twelve months. Income Tax Expense for 2022 and 2021 was and , respectively. The Net Operating Loss for tax purposes in 2022 and 2021 was and , respectively. The Deferred Tax Asset was approximately and with valuation allowances of and for 2022 and 2021, respectively. The Net Deferred Tax Asset was in both 2022 and 2021. The realization of deferred tax assets, including net operating loss carryforwards, is dependent on the generation of future taxable income sufficient to realize the tax deductions, carryforwards, and credits. Valuation allowances on deferred tax assets are recognized if it is determined that it is more likely than not that the asset will not be realized. For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, we 
 F-11 

Table of Contents 
 Units at a purchase price of per Unit generating gross proceeds to the Company in the amount of . Each Unit consists of share of the Company s Class A common stock, par value per share (the Class A common stock ), and redeemable warrant of the Company (each whole warrant, a Warrant ), with each whole Warrant entitling the holder thereof to purchase whole share of Class A Common stock at a price of per share, subject to adjustment. units (the Private Placement Units to MP One Investment LLC (the Sponsor at a purchase price of per Private Placement Unit, generating gross proceeds to the Company in the amount of . A portion of the proceeds from the Private Placement Units was added to the proceeds from the Initial Public Offering held in the Trust Account. If the Company does not complete a Business Combination within the Combination Period, the proceeds from the sale of the Private Placement Units held in the Trust Account will be used to fund the redemption of the Public Shares (subject to the requirements of applicable law) and the Private Placement Units will be worthless. 
 F-12 

Table of Contents 
 after the completion of an Initial Business Combination, subject to certain exceptions. of the Company s Class B common stock (the Founder Shares in exchange for . The Founder Shares include an aggregate of up to shares subject to forfeiture to the extent that the underwriters overallotment is not exercised in full or in part, so that the number of Founder Shares will equal, on an as-converted basis, approximately of the Company s issued and outstanding shares of common stock after the Initial Public Offering. The Founder Shares are no longer subject to forfeiture due to full exercise of the over-allotment by the underwriter. On July 6, 2021, the Sponsor transferred shares to Chen, Hong-Jung (Moses), shares to Gau, Wey-Chuan (Albert), shares to Chen, Yi-Kuei (Alex) and shares to Wu, Soushan. On July 29, 2021 the Sponsor transferred shares to Song, Yung-Fong (Ron) and shares to Noha Georges. As of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, the Sponsor owned Founder Shares. The holders of the Founder Shares have agreed, subject to limited exceptions, not to transfer, assign or sell any of the Founder Shares until the earlier to occur of: (A) after the completion of a Business Combination and (B) subsequent to a Business Combination, (x) if the last reported sale price of the Class A common stock equals or exceeds per share (as adjusted for share splits, share capitalizations, reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like) for any trading days within any -trading day period commencing at least days after a Business Combination, or (y) the date on which the Company completes a liquidation, merger, capital share exchange or other similar transaction that results in all of the Public Shareholders having the right to exchange their shares of common stock for cash, securities or other property. Promissory Note Related Party On June 30, 2021, the Sponsor issued an unsecured promissory note to the Company (the Promissory Note ), pursuant to which the Company may borrow up to an aggregate principal amount of . The Promissory Note is non-interest bearing and payable on the earlier of (i) October 31, 2021 or (ii) the consummation of the Initial Public Offering. During the period ended December 31, 2021, the Company borrowed and at the consummation of the Initial Public Offering paid . The Promissory Note is still outstanding, but the Company cannot draw against it. As of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, there was balance outstanding under the Promissory Note. General and Administrative Services Commencing on the date the Units are first listed on the Nasdaq, the Company has agreed to pay the Sponsor a total of per month for office space, utilities and secretarial and administrative support for up to months. Upon completion of the Initial Business Combination or the Company s liquidation, the Company will cease paying these monthly fees. During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company incurred and paid fees of , pursuant to the agreement. were incurred and paid for the period from June 2, 2021 (inception) to December 31, 2021. Related Party Loans In order to finance transaction costs in connection with a Business Combination, the Sponsor or an affiliate of the Sponsor, or certain of the Company s officers and directors may, but are not obligated to, loan the Company funds as may be required Working Capital Loans ). Such Working Capital Loans would be evidenced by promissory notes. The notes may be repaid upon completion of a Business Combination, without interest, or, at the lender s discretion, up to of the notes may be converted upon completion of a Business Combination into units at a price of per unit. Such units would be identical to the Private Placement Units. In the event that a Business Combination does not close, the Company may use a portion of proceeds held outside the Trust Account to repay the Working Capital Loans but no proceeds held in the Trust Account would be used to repay the Working Capital Loans. 
 F-13 

Table of Contents 
 to the Sponsor in connection for working capital purposes. The Note bears no interest and is due and payable upon the earlier to occur of (i) the date on which the Company s initial business combination is consummated and (ii) the liquidation of the Company on or before January 13, 2023 (unless extended to April 13, 2023 in connection with a second -month extension pursuant to the Company s governing documents, or such later liquidation date as may be approved by the Company s stockholders). As of December 31, 2022, there were outstanding from this working capital Note. On October 13, 2022, the Company issued a promissory note (the Note in the principal amount of to the Sponsor in connection with the Extension (as defined below). The Note bears no interest and is due and payable upon the earlier to occur of (i) the date on which the Company s initial business combination is consummated and (ii) the liquidation of the Company on or before January 13, 2023 (unless extended to April 13, 2023 in connection with a second -month extension pursuant to the Company s governing documents, or such later liquidation date as may be approved by the Company s stockholders). At the election of the Sponsor, the unpaid principal amount of the Note may be converted into units of the Company (the Conversion Units and the total Conversion Units so issued shall be equal to: (x) the portion of the principal amount of the Note being converted divided by (y) the conversion price of ten dollars ), rounded up to the nearest whole number of Conversion Units. On October 14, 2022, the Sponsor deposited a payment in the aggregate amount of (representing per public share) (the Extension Payment into the Company s trust account for its public stockholders. This deposit enables the Company to extend the date by which the Company has to complete its initial business combination from October 13, 2022 to January 13, 2023 (the Extension ). The Extension is the first of -month extensions permitted under the Company s governing documents and provides the Company with additional time to complete its initial business combination. On January 13, 2023, the Company issued a promissory note in the principal amount of in connection with the Second Extension. See Note 8. Sponsor Funding of Trust Account In order to fund the trust to the required level, the Sponsor deposited in October 2021 into the Trust Account. demands, excluding short form registration demands, that the Company register such securities. In addition, the holders have certain piggy-back registration rights with respect to registration statements filed subsequent to completion of a Business Combination and rights to require the Company to register for resale such securities pursuant to Rule 415 under the Securities Act. However, the registration rights agreement provides that the Company will not be required to effect or permit any registration or cause any registration statement to become effective until the securities covered thereby are released from their lock-up restrictions. The Company will bear the expenses incurred in connection with the filing of any such registration statements. Underwriting Agreement The Company granted the underwriters a -day option from the date of Initial Public Offering to purchase up to additional Units to cover over-allotments, if any, at the Initial Public Offering price less the underwriting discounts and commissions. The underwriters were paid a cash underwriting discount of per Unit, or in the aggregate the closing of the Initial Public Offering. In addition, the underwriters were entitled to a deferred fee of per Unit, or in the aggregate. The 
 F-14 

Table of Contents 
 shares of Class A common stock upon the consummation of this offering. On October 13, 2021, the underwriters purchased an additional Option Units pursuant to the exercise of the over-allotment option. The Option Units were sold at an offering price of per Unit, generating additional gross proceeds to the Company of . Upon exercise of the over-allotment option, the underwriters were paid an additional discount and an additional deferred fee of will be payable upon completion of a Business Combination. shares of preferred stock with a par value of per share. As of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, there were shares of preferred stock issued or outstanding . Class A common stock The Company is authorized to issue shares of Class A common stock with a par value of per share. Holders of Class A common stock are entitled to vote for each share. As of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, there were shares of Class A common stock issued or outstanding . In addition, as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, there were Class A common stock in temporary equity on the accompanying balance sheet. Class B common stock The Company is authorized to issue shares of Class B common stock with a par value of per share. Holders of Class B common stock are entitled to vote for each share. As of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, there were shares of Class B common stock issued and outstanding so that the number of Founder Shares equals of the Company s issued and outstanding common stock after the Initial Public Offering. Only holders of the Class B common stock will have the right to vote on the election of directors prior to the Business Combination. Holders of Class A common stock and holders of Class B common stock will vote together as a single class on all matters submitted to a vote of our shareholders except as otherwise required by law. In connection with our initial business combination, we may enter into shareholders agreement or other arrangements with the shareholders of the target or other investors to provide for voting or other corporate governance arrangements that differ from those in effect upon completion of this offering. The shares of Class B common stock will automatically convert into Class A common stock at the time of a Business Combination, or earlier at the option of the holder, on a one-for-one basis, subject to adjustment. In the case that additional shares of Class A common stock, or equity-linked securities, are issued or deemed issued in excess of the amounts issued in the Initial Public Offering and related to the closing of a Business Combination, the ratio at which shares of Class B common stock shall convert into shares of Class A common stock will be adjusted (unless the holders of a majority of the then-outstanding shares of Class B common stock agree to waive such adjustment with respect to any such issuance or deemed issuance) so that the number of shares of Class A common stock issuable upon conversion of all shares of Class B common stock will equal, in the aggregate, on an as-converted basis, of the sum of the total number of all shares of common stock outstanding upon the completion of Initial Public Offering plus all shares of Class A common stock and equity-linked securities issued or deemed issued in connection with a Business Combination (net of the number of shares of Class A common stock redeemed in connection with a Business Combination), excluding any shares or equity-linked securities issued or issuable to any seller of an interest in the target to us in a Business Combination. Warrants - Public Warrants may only be exercised for a whole number of shares. No fractional warrants will be issued upon separation of the Units and only whole warrants will trade. The Public Warrants will become exercisable on the later of (a) after the completion of a Business Combination and (b) from the closing of the Initial Public Offering. The Public Warrants will expire after the completion of a Business Combination or earlier upon redemption or liquidation. The Company will not be obligated to deliver any shares of Class A common stock pursuant to the exercise of a warrant and will have no obligation to settle such warrant exercise unless a registration statement under the Securities Act covering the issuance of the shares of Class A common stock issuable upon exercise of the warrants is then effective and a current prospectus relating to those shares of Class A common stock is available, subject to the Company satisfying its obligations with respect to registration, or a valid exemption from registration is available. No warrant will be exercisable for cash or on a cashless basis, and the Company will not be obligated to 
 F-15 

Table of Contents 
 business days after the closing of a Business Combination, the Company will use its commercially reasonable efforts to file, and within business days following a Business Combination to have declared effective, a registration statement covering the issuance of the shares of Class A common stock issuable upon exercise of the warrants and to maintain a current prospectus relating to those shares of Class A common stock until the warrants expire or are redeemed. Notwithstanding the above, if the Class A common stock is at the time of any exercise of a warrant not listed on a national securities exchange such that it satisfies the definition of a covered security under Section 18(b)(1) of the Securities Act, the Company may, at its option, require holders of Public Warrants who exercise their warrants to do so on a cashless basis in accordance with Section 3(a)(9) of the Securities Act and, in the event the Company so elects, the Company will not be required to file or maintain in effect a registration statement, but will use its commercially reasonable efforts to register or qualify the shares under applicable blue sky laws to the extent an exemption is not available. Redemption of Warrants When the Price per Share of Class A common stock Equals or Exceeds Once the warrants become exercisable, the Company may redeem the outstanding Public Warrants: in whole and not in part; at a price of per Public Warrant; upon a minimum of prior written notice of redemption, or the 30-day redemption period to each warrant holder; and if, and only if, the last reported sale price of the Class A common stock equals or exceeds per share (as adjusted for stock splits, stock dividends, reorganization, recapitalizations and the like) for any trading days within a - trading day period ending on the third trading day prior to the date on which the Company sends the notice of redemption to warrant holders. 
 If and when the warrants become redeemable by the Company, the Company may exercise its redemption right even if it is unable to register or qualify the underlying securities for sale under all applicable state securities laws. If the Company calls the Public Warrants for redemption, as described above, its management will have the option to require any holder that wishes to exercise the Public Warrants to do so on a cashless basis, as described in the warrant agreement. The exercise price and number of common stock issuable upon exercise of the Public Warrants may be adjusted in certain circumstances including in the event of a stock dividend, extraordinary dividend or recapitalization, reorganization, merger or consolidation. However, except as described below, the Public Warrants will not be adjusted for issuances of common stock at a price below its exercise price. Additionally, in no event will the Company be required to net cash settle the Public Warrants. If the Company is unable to complete a Business Combination within the Combination Period and the Company liquidates the funds held in the Trust Account, holders of Public Warrants will not receive any of such funds with respect to their Public Warrants, nor will they receive any distribution from the Company s assets held outside of the Trust Account with respect to such Public Warrants. Accordingly, the Public Warrants may expire worthless. The Private Placement Warrants are identical to the Public Warrants underlying the Units sold in the Initial Public Offering. to in connection with the Second Extension (as defined below). The Amended Sponsor Note bears no interest and is due and payable upon the earlier to occur of (i) the date on which the Company s initial business combination is consummated and (ii) the liquidation of the Company on or before April 13, 2023 (or such later liquidation date as may be approved by the Company s stockholders). At the election of the Sponsor, the unpaid principal amount of the Amended Sponsor Note may be converted into units of the Company (the Conversion Units and the total Conversion Units so issued shall be 
 F-16 

Table of Contents), rounded up to the nearest whole number of Conversion Units. Also on January 13, 2023, the Company issued a promissory note (the Apollomics Note in the principal amount of in connection with the Second Extension. The Apollomics Note bears no interest and is due and payable upon the earlier to occur of (i) the date on which the Company s initial business combination is consummated and (ii) the liquidation of the Company on or before April 13, 2023 (or such later liquidation date as may be approved by Maxpro s stockholders). The issuances of the Amended Sponsor Note and the Apollomics Note were made pursuant to the exemption from registration contained in Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended. On February 9, 2023, the Company and Apollomics entered into a First Amendment to the Business Combination Agreement (the Amendment ). The Amendment amends the Business Combination Agreement to provide that, with regard to the consideration to be paid to existing Apollomics shareholders, up to Class A ordinary shares of Apollomics, par value per share Class A Ordinary Shares may be issued instead of Class B ordinary shares of Apollomics, par value per share Class B Ordinary Shares ), if the board of directors of Apollomics determines in good faith, following consultation with the Company, that such action is necessary or advisable to satisfy the condition set forth in Section 8.1(g) (Nasdaq Listing) of the Business Combination Agreement. On March 20, 2023, the Company held a special meeting of stockholders (the Meeting ), which was called to approve the proposals relating to the entry into and consummation of the Business Combination Agreement dated as of September 14, 2022 (as amended by that certain First Amendment to the Business Combination Agreement, dated as of February 9, 2023, the Business Combination Agreement ). At the Meeting the stockholders approved the Business Combination. In connection with the Business Combination, holders of shares of the Company s Class A common stock exercised their right to redeem their shares. The Business Combination was completed on March 29, 2023. 
 F-17 

Table of Contents 
 EXHIBIT INDEX Exhibit No. Description 1.1 Underwriting Agreement, dated October 7, 2021, between the Company and EF Hutton, division of Benchmark Investments, LLC, as representative of the underwriters named therein. (2) 2.1 Business Combination Agreement, dated as of September 14, 2022, by and among Maxpro Capital Acquisition Corp., Apollomics Inc. and Project Max SPAC Merger Sub, Inc. (3) 2.2 First Amendment to the Business Combination Agreement. (4) 3.1 Second Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation. (2) 3.2 By Laws. (1) 4.1 Specimen Unit Certificate. (1) 4.2 Specimen Class A Common Stock Certificate. (1) 4.3 Specimen Warrant Certificate. (2) 4.4 Warrant Agreement, dated October 7, 2021, between the Company and Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company. (2) 10.1 Letter Agreement, dated October 7, 2021, among the Company, MP One Investment LLC and each of the executive officers and directors of the Company. (2) 10.2 Promissory Note, dated June 30, 2021, issued to MP One Investment LLC (1) 10.3 Investment Management Trust Agreement, dated October 7, 2021, between the Company and Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company. (2) 10.4 Registration Rights Agreement, dated October 7, 2021, among the Company and certain securityholders. (2) 10.5 Administrative Support Agreement, dated October 7, 2021, by and between the Company and Maxpro Capital Management LTD. (2) 10.6 Placement Unit Purchase Agreement, dated October 7, 2021, between the Company and MP One Investment LLC. (2) 10.7 Form of Indemnity Agreement. (2) 10.8 Amended and Restated Promissory Note, dated January 13, 2023, between the Company and MP One Investment LLC (5) 10.9 Promissory Note, dated January 13, 2023, between the Company and Apollomics Inc. (5) 10.10 Sponsor Support Agreement, dated September 14, 2022, by and among the Company, MP One Investment LLC, and the directors and executive officers of the Company (3) 10.11 Lock-Up Agreement, , dated September 14, 2022 by and among MP One Investment LLC, and the directors and executive officers of MP One Investment LLC (3) 31.1 Certification of the Principal Executive Officer required by Rule 13a-14(a) or Rule 15d-14(a). 32.1 Certification of the Principal Executive Officer required by Rule 13a-14(b) or Rule 15d-14(b) and 18 U.S.C. 1350. 101.INS XBRL Instance Document 101.SCH XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema 101.CAL XBRL Taxonomy Calculation Linkbase 101.LAB XBRL Taxonomy Label Linkbase 101.PRE XBRL Definition Linkbase Document 101.DEF XBRL Definition Linkbase Document Filed herewith. Furnished herewith. (1) Incorporated by reference to the Company s Form S-1/A, filed with the SEC on August 5, 2021. (2) Incorporated by reference to the Company s Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on October 14, 2021. (3) Incorporated by reference to the Company s Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on September 14, 2022. (4) Incorporated by reference to the Company s Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on February 10, 2023. (5) Incorporated by reference to the Company s Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on January 13, 2023. 
 39 

Table of Contents 
 SIGNATURES Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this Report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. March 31, 2023 Maxpro Capital Acquisition Corp. By: /s/ Chen, Hong - Jung (Moses) Name: Chen, Hong - Jung (Moses) Title: Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer and Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this Report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. Name Position Date /s/ Chen, Hong - Jung (Moses) Chief Executive Officer and Chairman March 31, 2023 Chen, Hong - Jung (Moses) (Principal Executive Officer and Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 
 40 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 jmacu-20221231xex31d1.htm
 EX-31.1

Exhibit 31.1 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 I, Chen, Hong Jung (Moses), certify that: 1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022 of Maxpro Capital Acquisition Corp.; 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: a. Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; b. Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; c. Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and d. Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): a. All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and b. Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. Date: March 31, 2023 /s/ Chen, Hong - Jung (Moses) Chen, Hong - Jung (Moses) Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer and Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-32.1>
 3
 jmacu-20221231xex32d1.htm
 EX-32.1

Exhibit 32.1 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 In connection with the Annual Report of Maxpro Capital Acquisition Corp. on Form 10-K for the annual period ended December 31, 2022 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Chen, Hong - Jung (Moses), Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that to the best of my knowledge: 1. The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 2. The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. Date: March 31, 2023 /s/ Chen, Hong - Jung (Moses) Chen, Hong - Jung (Moses) (Principal Executive Officer and Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-101.SCH>
 4
 jmacu-20221231.xsd
 EX-101.SCH

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 6
 jmacu-20221231_def.xml
 EX-101.DEF

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 7
 jmacu-20221231_lab.xml
 EX-101.LAB

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 8
 jmacu-20221231_pre.xml
 EX-101.PRE

</EX-101.PRE>

