<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230207_10-K_edgar_data_92380_0000092380-23-000010.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>21312413</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>666240</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>3172868</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>9428309</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>3914557</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>3646451</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>12</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0000092380-23-000010.hdr.sgml : 20230207
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230206173832
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0000092380-23-000010
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		115
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230207
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230206

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			SOUTHWEST AIRLINES CO
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000092380
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	AIR TRANSPORTATION, SCHEDULED [4512]
		IRS NUMBER:				741563240
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			TX
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-07259
		FILM NUMBER:		23591749

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		2702 LOVE FIELD DR
		STREET 2:		P O BOX 36611
		CITY:			DALLAS
		STATE:			TX
		ZIP:			75235
		BUSINESS PHONE:		2147924000

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		PO BOX 36611
		CITY:			DALLAS
		STATE:			TX
		ZIP:			75235-1611

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	AIR SOUTHWEST CO
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19760108

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0000092380-23-000010.txt : 20230207

10-K
 1
 luv-20221231.htm
 FORM 10-K

luv-20221231 

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 Washington, D.C. 20549 
 
 FORM 
 
 (Mark One) 
 ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the fiscal year ended , 2022 
 or 
 TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the transition period from ________ to ________ 
 Commission File No. 

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 
 (State or other jurisdiction of (IRS Employer incorporation or organization) Identification No.) (Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code) 
 Registrant's telephone number, including area code: ) 
 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 
 Title of each class Trading Symbol Name of each exchange on which registered 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: 
 None 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. x No o 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes o x 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. x No o 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). x No o 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of "large accelerated filer," "accelerated filer," "smaller reporting company," and "emerging growth company" in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 
 x 
 Accelerated filer Non-accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company 
 If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management's assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act). Yes No x 
 If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. Yes No x 
 Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant's executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). Yes No x 
 The aggregate market value of the common stock held by non-affiliates of the registrant was approximately computed by reference to the closing sale price of the common stock on the New York Stock Exchange on June 30, 2022, the last trading day of the registrant s most recently completed second fiscal quarter. 
 Number of shares of common stock outstanding as of the close of business on February 3, 2023: shares 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 PART I Item 1. Business 
 3 
 Item 1A. Risk Factors 
 29 
 Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 
 47 
 Item 2. Properties 
 48 
 Item 3. Legal Proceedings 
 49 
 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 
 52 
 PART II Item 5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters, and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 55 
 Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 58 
 Liquidity and Capital Resources 
 74 
 Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates 
 77 
 Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 81 
 Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 85 
 Southwest Airlines Co. Consolidated Balance Sheet 
 85 
 Southwest Airlines Co. Consolidated Statement of Income (Loss) 
 86 
 Southwest Airlines Co. Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive Income (Loss) 
 87 
 Southwest Airlines Co. Consolidated Statement of Stockholders Equity 
 88 
 Southwest Airlines Co. Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows 
 89 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 90 
 Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements With Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 141 
 Item 9A. Controls and Procedures 
 141 
 Item 9B. Other Information 
 142 
 Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 142 
 PART III Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers, and Corporate Governance 
 143 
 Item 11. Executive Compensation 
 143 
 Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 144 
 Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 144 
 Item 14. Principal Accounting Fees and Services 
 144 
 PART IV Item 15. Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 
 146 
 Item 16. Form 10-K Summary 
 150 
 Signatures 
 151 
 
 2 

Table of Contents 

 -PART I- 
 
 Item 1. Business 
 Company Overview 
 
 Southwest Airlines Co. (the "Company" or "Southwest") operates Southwest Airlines, a major passenger airline that provides scheduled air transportation in the United States and near-international markets. Southwest commenced service on June 18, 1971, with three Boeing 737 aircraft serving three Texas cities: Dallas, Houston, and San Antonio. At December 31, 2022, Southwest had a total of 770 Boeing 737 aircraft in its fleet and served 121 destinations in 42 states, the District of Columbia, the Commonwealth of Puerto Rico, and ten near-international countries: Mexico, Jamaica, The Bahamas, Aruba, Dominican Republic, Costa Rica, Belize, Cuba, the Cayman Islands, and Turks and Caicos. 
 
 Industry 
 
 As discussed below under "Business Worldwide Pandemic," beginning in March 2020, the travel industry was adversely impacted in 2020, 2021, and 2022 by the COVID-19 pandemic, including the Omicron variant in early 2022. Southwest, like other U.S. airlines, experienced significant negative impacts to passenger demand and revenues; however, the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on some of these airlines was particularly severe because of the percentage of their operations that had historically been dependent on business and international travel, each of which suffered particular harm as a result of the pandemic. Demand for business travel declined significantly due to companies tightening or even suspending corporate travel. This not only reduced overall demand for air travel, but also resulted in a decrease in the percentage of full-fare purchases. Demand for international travel was significantly harmed by the imposition of international travel restrictions. 
 
 Southwest, like other U.S. airlines, continued to recover from the COVID-19 pandemic in 2022, while facing challenges such as the Omicron variant early in the year, higher fuel prices and other cost inflation, economic uncertainty, weather events, and, until the Company returned to pre-pandemic staffing levels in May 2022, operational challenges resulting from surges in leisure travel demand against constrained personnel resources. Overall, the U.S. airline industry saw a strong recovery of domestic leisure travel demand in 2022 as a result of declining reported COVID-19 cases throughout the United States and the easing of travel restrictions. Business travel, however, remained at a reduced level throughout 2022, as compared with pre-pandemic levels. 
 
 The airline industry has historically been an extremely volatile industry subject to numerous other challenges. Among other things, it has been cyclical, energy intensive, labor intensive, capital intensive, technology intensive, highly regulated, heavily taxed, and extremely competitive. The airline industry has also been particularly susceptible to detrimental events such as economic recessions, jet fuel price volatility, unscheduled maintenance disruptions, U.S. government shutdowns, acts of terrorism, severe weather, and natural disasters. 
 
 Historically, airline industry results have been particularly susceptible to fuel price volatility. In 2022, the industry experienced a very challenging fuel environment, as compared with recent years, with year-over-year fuel prices significantly higher throughout 2022. 
 
 Worldwide Pandemic 
 
 In March 2020, the World Health Organization classified the novel coronavirus, COVID-19, as a pandemic. The speed with which the effects of the COVID-19 pandemic changed the U.S. economic landscape, outlook, and in particular the travel industry, was swift and unexpected. The Company experienced significant disruptions in travel and reduced bookings throughout the remainder of 2020, 2021, and early 2022 as a result of the pandemic and subsequent variants of COVID-19. Following a significant negative impact to revenues and bookings in January and February 2022, which included increased trip cancellations and staffing challenges associated with the Omicron variant, the Company saw improvements in revenue trends in March 2022 and throughout the remainder of 2022 as COVID-19 cases significantly trended downward. 
 3 

Table of Contents 

During the pandemic, the Company substantially enhanced its cash holdings by obtaining significant financing in the capital markets, through payroll funding support ("Payroll Support") with the U.S. Department of Treasury ("Treasury"), and elsewhere. In addition, the Company offered voluntary separation and extended time-off programs for its Employees, which significantly reduced the Company's active headcount, to better match the reduced level of travel demand, especially during the early stages of the pandemic. The unpredictable fluctuating extent of the travel demand recovery, combined with the reduction in the Company's available workforce during 2020 and 2021, contributed to operational challenges during early parts of 2022 as the Company aggressively hired new Employees throughout 2022 in order to return to the staffing levels necessary for operational demands. The Company returned to pre-pandemic staffing levels in May 2022. 
 
 For further information on risks related to COVID-19, as well as the significant impacts of COVID-19 on the Company's operations, financial performance, and liquidity, see "Risk Factors," "Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations," and Notes 2, 7, and 9 to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 
 Company Operations 
 
 Route Structure 
 
 Southwest has historically principally provided point-to-point service, rather than the "hub-and-spoke" service provided by most major U.S. airlines. The hub-and-spoke system concentrates most of an airline's operations at a limited number of central hub cities and serves most other destinations in the system by providing one-stop or connecting service through a hub. By not concentrating operations exclusively through one or more central transfer points, Southwest's route structure has allowed for more direct nonstop routing than hub-and-spoke service. While the Company does not operate a traditional hub-and-spoke model, in recent years the Company has increasingly focused on designing its network around core stations in an effort to provide greater connectivity, and support operational reliability and recoverability. In addition, the Company has focused its efforts in 2022 and thus far in 2023 towards restoring its pre-pandemic network, including long-haul service. Approximately 74 percent of the Company's Customers flew nonstop during 2022, compared with 73 percent during 2021, and compared with 72 percent during 2020, and, as of December 31, 2022, Southwest served 825 nonstop city pairs, compared with 788 as of December 31, 2021, and compared with 667 as of December 31, 2020. For 2022, the Company s average aircraft trip stage length was 728 miles, with an average duration of approximately 2.0 hours, as compared with an average aircraft trip stage length of 790 miles and an average duration of approximately 2.1 hours in 2021, and as compared with an average aircraft trip stage length of 743 miles and an average duration of approximately 2.0 hours in 2020. 
 
 Southwest s route network has also enabled it to provide its markets with frequent, conveniently timed flights and low fares. For example, Southwest currently offers 12 weekday roundtrips between Dallas Love Field and Houston Hobby (and an additional five to Houston Bush), eight weekday roundtrips between Denver and Chicago Midway (and an additional six to Chicago O'Hare), ten weekday roundtrips between Los Angeles International and Las Vegas, 12 weekday round trips between Burbank and Oakland, and 13 weekday roundtrips between Phoenix and Denver. Southwest complements its high-frequency short-haul routes with long-haul nonstop service including flights between Hawaii and California, Las Vegas, and Phoenix, and between markets such as Los Angeles and Nashville, New York LaGuardia and Houston, Los Angeles and Baltimore, Oakland and Houston, and San Diego and Baltimore. 
 
 The Company continually works to optimize its route network and schedule through the adjustment of frequencies in its existing markets and the addition of new markets and itineraries, while also pruning less profitable flights from its schedule. The Company's network and schedule optimization efforts were particularly beneficial in addressing the impacts of the COVID-19 pandemic. For example, these efforts enabled the Company to add cities in key existing markets, as well as opportunistically introduce service in other markets during the pandemic. As part of the Company's recovery from the impacts of the COVID-19 pandemic, the Company remains focused on maturing newer markets and restoring its network to pre-pandemic levels through adding back breadth and frequency to the 
 4 

Table of Contents 

 Company's network while balancing its network schedule with its crew resources. The Company began service to 14 new destinations in 2021. The additional service has created additional regional and international connectivity that has been structured to grow the Company's presence in strategic markets that serve as cornerstones for its network and provide additional options for Customers to reach their final destinations. The Company expects to complement and strengthen its existing route network in or near cities where its Customer base is large, along with adding easier access to popular leisure-oriented destinations. 
 
 The COVID-19 pandemic had a particularly negative impact on the Company's international operations and led to the Company's suspension of international operations at the beginning of the pandemic. The Company has since resumed service to all 14 of its international destinations. 
 
 Cost Structure 
 
 A key component of the Company's business strategy is its focus on cost discipline and charging competitively low fares. The Company's low-cost strategy includes, among other elements, (i) the use of a single aircraft type, the Boeing 737, (ii) the Company's route structure, and (iii) its historically productive Employees. Southwest's use of a single aircraft type has historically allowed for simplified scheduling, maintenance, flight operations, safety management, and training activities. Southwest's route structure includes service to and from many secondary or downtown airports such as Dallas Love Field, Houston Hobby, Chicago Midway, Baltimore-Washington International, Burbank, Manchester, Oakland, San Jose, Providence, and Ft. Lauderdale-Hollywood. These conveniently located airports are typically less congested than other airlines' hub airports, which has contributed to Southwest's ability to achieve high asset utilization because aircraft can be scheduled to minimize the amount of time they are on the ground. This, in turn, has reduced the number of aircraft and gate facilities that would otherwise be required and is designed to allow for high Employee productivity (lower headcount per aircraft). The Company continues to focus on restoring its route network, with nearly all planned 2023 capacity growth going toward adding depth and breadth in key Southwest markets, which is designed to improve Employee productivity and operational resilience. 
 
 The Company's focus on controlling costs also includes a continued commitment to pursuing, implementing, and enhancing initiatives to reduce fuel consumption and improve fuel efficiency (available seat miles per fuel gallon consumed). The Company focuses on minimizing fuel consumption and improving fuel efficiency through fleet modernization and other fuel initiatives. For example, in 2022, the Company added 68 Boeing 737-8 -8 aircraft to its fleet, with the goal of lowering operating costs, improving potential growth opportunities, restoring the Company's network closer to pre-pandemic levels, reducing carbon emissions per available seat mile, and further modernizing the Company's fleet with more fuel efficient aircraft. 
 
 Fuel and oil expense can be extremely volatile and unpredictable, and even a small change in market fuel prices can significantly affect profitability. Fuel and oil expense for 2022 increased significantly compared with 2021, primarily due to higher market jet fuel prices. Fuel and oil expense remained the Company's second largest operating cost for 2022. As evidenced by the table below, energy prices can fluctuate significantly in a relatively short amount of time. The table below shows the Company's average cost of jet fuel for each year beginning in 2011 and during each quarter of 2022. 

5 

Table of Contents 

Year Cost (Millions) Average Cost Per Gallon Percentage of Operating Expenses 2011 5,751 3.25 38.2 2012 6,156 3.32 37.3 2013 5,823 3.19 35.3 2014 5,355 2.97 32.6 2015 3,740 1.96 23.6 2016 3,801 1.90 22.7 2017 4,076 1.99 23.0 2018 4,616 2.20 24.6 2019 4,347 2.09 22.3 2020 1,849 1.45 14.4 2021 3,310 1.98 23.5 2022 5,975 3.10 26.2 First Quarter 2022 1,004 2.30 20.7 Second Quarter 2022 1,636 3.36 29.4 Third Quarter 2022 1,750 3.39 30.0 Fourth Quarter 2022 1,585 3.27 24.2 
 
 The Company s fuel efficiency was aided in 2022, as compared with 2021, through the addition of 68 -8 aircraft to its fleet and by the retirement of 26 of its oldest, least fuel-efficient Boeing 737-700 -700 aircraft. However, the Company s fuel efficiency decreased in 2022, as compared with 2021, primarily as a result of the Company s significantly increased Load factor and operating more of its least fuel- efficient -700 aircraft versus 2021 when many of the Company s -700 aircraft were in storage. While the Company was contractually scheduled to receive 114 Boeing 737 MAX MAX deliveries in 2022, including exercised options, 46 of these aircraft were undelivered due to The Boeing Company's ("Boeing") supply chain challenges and delays in the Boeing 737-7 -7 certification. The Company expects the remaining 46 contractual undelivered aircraft to shift into future years. The Company continues to plan for 27 Boeing -700 retirements in 2023, and 30-35 Boeing -700 retirements annually for the next several years thereafter. The Company exercised a total of 91 MAX options during 2022 and held 147 remaining MAX options at December 31, 2022, in addition to 417 firm orders of MAX aircraft to be delivered through 2030. The Company retains significant flexibility to manage its fleet size, including opportunities to accelerate fleet modernization efforts (e.g., through accelerated retirements of the Company's -700 aircraft) if growth opportunities do not materialize. Given current supply chain and aircraft delivery delays, the Company will continue working with Boeing to solidify future delivery dates. For further information regarding the Company s contractual order book see Properties and "Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations." The delivery schedule for the -7 is dependent on the Federal Aviation Administration FAA issuing required certifications and approvals to Boeing and the Company. The FAA will ultimately determine the timing of the -7 certification and entry into service, and the Company therefore offers no assurances that current estimations and timelines are correct. 
 
 The Company continues to undertake a number of other fuel conservation initiatives, which are discussed in detail under "Environmental Sustainability." 
 
 The table below sets forth the Company's available seat miles produced per fuel gallon consumed over the last five years: 

6 

Table of Contents 

 Year ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 2019 2018 Available seat miles per fuel gallon consumed 77.3 79.2 81.3 75.7 76.3 
 
 The Company also enters into fuel derivative contracts to manage its risk associated with significant increases in fuel prices. The Company's fuel hedging activities, as well as the risks associated with high and/or volatile fuel prices, are discussed in more detail below under "Risk Factors," "Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations," and Note 11 to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 
 Salaries, wages, and benefits expense constituted approximately 41.0 percent of the Company's operating expenses 
 during 2022 and was the Company's largest operating cost. The Company's ability to control labor costs is limited by the terms of its collective-bargaining agreements, and increased labor costs have negatively impacted the Company's low-cost competitive position. The Company's labor costs, and risks associated therewith, are discussed in more detail below under "Risk Factors," "Business - Employees," and "Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations." 
 
 Fare Structure 
 
 General 
 
 Southwest offers a relatively simple fare structure that features competitive fares and product benefits, including unrestricted fares, as well as lower fares available on a restricted basis. In 2022, Southwest introduced a new fare product, "Wanna Get Away Plus TM ," that adds more flexibility, options, and rewards to Southwest s fare lineup. 
 
 Southwest fare products include four major categories: "Wanna Get Away ," "Wanna Get Away Plus," "Anytime," and "Business Select ," to provide Customers options when choosing a fare. All fare products include the privilege of two free checked bags (weight and size limits apply). Southwest does not charge fees for cancellations or changes to flight reservations although fare differences may apply. 
 
 "Wanna Get Away" fares are generally the lowest fares and are typically subject to advance purchase requirements. They are non-refundable, but, subject to Southwest's No-Show Policy, flight credit for the fare paid for unused travel by the Customer ("flight credit") may be applied towards future travel on Southwest. Wanna Get Away fares earn six Rapid Rewards points, under Southwest's Rapid Rewards loyalty program, for each dollar spent on the base fare. The Company's loyalty program is discussed below under "Rapid Rewards Loyalty Program." 
 Wanna Get Away Plus fares are non-refundable, but, subject to Southwest s No-Show Policy, flight credit may be applied towards future travel on Southwest. Wanna Get Away Plus fares earn eight Rapid Rewards points for each dollar spent on the base fare. Wanna Get Away Plus fares offer Transferable Flight Credit TM that enables Customers to transfer an eligible unused flight credit to another traveler for future use. Both must be Rapid Rewards members and only one transfer is permitted. For bookings through a Southwest Business (corporate travel) channel, a transfer may only be made to an employee of the same organization. Subject to Southwest s No-Show Policy, Wanna Get Away Plus fares also enable a same-day confirmed change, free of airline charges, if there is an open seat on another flight that departs on the same day as the original flight and is between the same cities, but the Customer is required to pay any additional government taxes and fees associated with changes in their itinerary. If there is no open seat on this different flight, a traveler may request to be added to the standby list for that flight. 
 "Anytime" fares are, subject to Southwest's No-Show Policy, refundable if canceled, or flight credit may be applied towards future travel on Southwest. If this fare is purchased with non-refundable flight credit, then the resulting flight credit will be non-refundable if travel is canceled. Anytime fares earn 10 Rapid Rewards points for each dollar spent on the base fare. Anytime fares also receive EarlyBird Check-In . See 
 7 

Table of Contents 

 Ancillary Services below for further information about EarlyBird Check-In. Additionally, Anytime fares receive Priority Lane and Express Lane access through check-in and security lines where available. Further, Anytime fares receive all of the benefits of Wanna Get Away Plus fares, including Transferrable Flight Credit and same-day confirmed changes and standby listings. 
 "Business Select" fares are, subject to Southwest's No-Show Policy, refundable if canceled, or flight credit may be applied towards future travel on Southwest. If this fare is purchased with non-refundable flight credit, then the resulting flight credit will be non-refundable if travel is canceled. Business Select fares also include additional perks such as priority boarding with a boarding position in the first 15 boarding positions within boarding group "A," 12 Rapid Rewards points per dollar spent on the base fare - the highest loyalty point multiplier of all Southwest fare products, and one complimentary premium beverage coupon for the day of travel (Customers must be of legal drinking age to drink alcoholic beverages). Business Select fares also receive all of the benefits of Anytime fares, including Priority Lane and Express Lane access through check-in and security lines where available, Transferable Flight Credit, and same-day confirmed changes and standby listings. 
 
 Southwest's No-Show Policy applies if a Customer does not change or cancel a flight segment at least ten minutes prior to scheduled departure and the Customer does not travel on the scheduled flight. In such event, subject to certain exceptions, all segments associated with the reservation will be canceled, and (i) with respect to a "Wanna Get Away" and Wanna Get Away Plus fares, the fare paid for unused travel will be forfeited; and (ii) with respect to an "Anytime" or "Business Select" fare, the fare paid for unused travel will be held as a flight credit for future travel on Southwest. 
 
 In order to enhance and expand upon its already generous and flexible ticketing policies, the Company announced in 2022 that flight credits will no longer expire. The Company expects that this policy change, combined with its other attractive brand attributes, will contribute to an increase in Customer loyalty. Flight credits result from canceling reservations and previously were valid for no longer than one year from the date of original purchase, with the exception of certain flight credits that were set to expire or were created during the early stages of the pandemic, which were originally given extended expiration dates. Flight credits for non-refundable fares are issued as long as the reservation is cancelled more than 10 minutes prior to the scheduled departure. Flight credits or refunds for refundable fares are issued regardless of cancellation time. Flight credits unexpired on, or created on or after July 28, 2022, do not expire and will show an expiration date (12/31/2040) until the Company s systems are updated. A flight credit with an expiration date on or before July 27, 2022, has expired in accordance with its existing expiration date. 
 
 Ancillary Services 
 
 The Company offers ancillary services such as Southwest's EarlyBird Check-In , Upgraded Boarding, and transportation of pets and unaccompanied minors, in accordance with Southwest's respective policies. 
 
 EarlyBird Check-In provides Customers with automatic check-in and an assigned boarding position before general boarding positions become available, thereby improving Customers' seat selection options (priority boarding privileges are already a benefit of being an "A-List" tier member under the Company's Rapid Rewards Loyalty Program). The Company has implemented a variable pricing model for EarlyBird Check-In based on the length of the flight and the historical popularity of EarlyBird Check-In on the route. 
 
 When available, Southwest sells Upgraded Boarding at the airport or on Customer mobile devices, which allows a Customer to pay for an open priority boarding position in the first 15 positions in its "A" boarding group. 
 
 Southwest s Pet Policy provides Customers an opportunity to travel with a small cat or dog in the aircraft cabin on domestic flights. Southwest also has an unaccompanied minor travel policy, with pricing to address the administrative costs and the extra care necessary to safely transport these Customers. 
 
 8 

Table of Contents 

 Rapid Rewards Loyalty Program 
 
 Southwest's Rapid Rewards loyalty program enables program members ("Members") to earn points for every dollar spent on Southwest base fares, also including purchases paid with LUV Vouchers, gift cards, or flight credit, with no portion of the purchase price paid with Rapid Rewards points. The amount of points earned under the program is based on the base fare and fare class purchased, with higher fare products (e.g., Business Select) earning more points than lower fare products (e.g., Wanna Get Away). As discussed above under "Fare Structure - General," each fare class is associated with a points earning multiplier, and points for flights are calculated by multiplying the base fare for the flight by the fare class multiplier. The amount of points required to be redeemed for a flight is based on the base fare and a multiplier. Under the program, (i) Members are able to redeem their points for every available seat, every day, on every flight, with no blackout dates; and (ii) points do not expire. 
 
 Under the program, Members continue to accumulate points until the time they decide to redeem them. As a result, the program provides Members significant flexibility and options for earning and redeeming rewards. For example, Members can earn more points (and/or achieve tier status such as A-List or Companion Pass faster) by purchasing higher fare tickets. Members also have significant flexibility in redeeming points, such as the opportunity to book in advance to take advantage of a lower fare ticket (including many fare sales) requiring fewer points, or by being able to redeem at the last minute, if seats are still available for sale. Members can also earn points through qualifying purchases with Rapid Rewards Partners (which include, for example, car rental agencies, hotels, and restaurants), as well as by using Southwest's co-branded Chase Visa credit card. In addition to earning points for revenue flights and qualifying purchases with Rapid Rewards Partners, Members also have the ability to purchase, gift, and transfer points, as well as the ability to donate points to selected charities. 
 
 Southwest's Rapid Rewards loyalty program features tier status and Companion Pass programs for the most active Members, including "A-List" and "A-List Preferred" status. A Member who flies 25 qualifying one-way flight segments booked through Southwest or earns 35,000 tier qualifying points per calendar year will qualify for A-List status. A Member who flies 50 qualifying one-way flights booked through Southwest or earns 70,000 tier qualifying points per calendar year will qualify for A-List Preferred status. The Member will maintain A-List or A-List Preferred status for the remainder of the calendar year in which the status is earned and for the entire calendar year immediately following. Both A-List and A-List Preferred Members enjoy benefits such as priority check-in and security lane access, where available, as well as dedicated phone lines, standby priority, and an earnings bonus on eligible revenue flights (25 percent for A-List and 100 percent for A-List Preferred). In addition, A-List Preferred Members enjoy free inflight satellite internet service on WiFi-enabled aircraft, where available. Members who attain A-List or A-List Preferred status receive priority boarding privileges. When these Customers purchase travel at least 36 hours prior to flight time, they receive the best boarding position available (generally, an "A" boarding pass). If an A-List or A-List Preferred Member's plans change, subject to Southwest s No Show Policy, they are entitled to same-day confirmed change, free of airline charges, if there is an open seat on another flight that departs on the same day as the original flight and is between the same cities, but the Customer is required to pay any additional government taxes and fees associated with changes in their itinerary. If there is no open seat on this different flight, a traveler may request to be added to the standby list for that flight. Another feature of the Rapid Rewards loyalty program is the Companion Pass. Members who fly 100 qualifying one-way flights or earn 135,000 qualifying points in a calendar year automatically receive a Companion Pass, which provides for unlimited travel for the designated Companion free of charges (other than taxes and fees). The Companion Pass is valid for the remainder of the calendar year in which status is earned and for the following full calendar year to any destination available on Southwest for a designated Companion of the qualifying Member. The Member and designated Companion must travel together on the same flight. 
 
 During 2021, the Company added Rapid Rewards Business, giving businesses the ability to earn Rapid Rewards points. By joining Rapid Rewards Business, companies earn Rapid Rewards points that can be applied toward travel on the company's behalf, while travelers who are Rapid Rewards Members also earn Rapid Rewards points in their personal accounts. Rapid Rewards business accounts generally have the same opportunities and benefits to earn and redeem points as individual Member accounts. 
 
 9 

Table of Contents 

 Southwest's Rapid Rewards loyalty program has been designed to drive more revenue by (i) bringing in new Customers, including new Members, as well as new holders of Southwest's co-branded Chase Visa credit card; (ii) increasing business from existing Customers; and (iii) strengthening the Company's Rapid Rewards hotel, rental car, credit card, and other partnerships. 
 
 For 2022, Customers of Southwest redeemed approximately 9.2 million flight awards, accounting for approximately 15.0 percent of revenue passenger miles flown. For 2021, Customers of Southwest redeemed approximately 8.1 million flight awards, accounting for approximately 17.3 percent of revenue passenger miles flown. For 2020, Customers of Southwest redeemed approximately 4.1 million flight awards, accounting for approximately 15.8 percent of revenue passenger miles flown. The Company's accounting policies with respect to its loyalty programs are discussed in more detail in Note 1 to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 
 Investments in Customer Experience 
 
 During 2022, the Company announced its multi-year plan to modernize and transform the Customer Experience. These enhancements, expected to cost over 2 billion over a five-year period, include the Company s plans to: 
 
 bring enhanced WiFi connectivity onboard aircraft; 
 install latest-technology onboard power ports on MAX aircraft beginning in 2023 to charge personal devices at every seat; 
 offer larger overhead bins on new aircraft deliveries beginning in 2023 with more space and easier access to carryon items; 
 introduce more entertainment options and a wider selection of refreshments in the cabin; and 
 enable new self-service capabilities to bring elevated ease in doing business with the Company, benefitting Employees and Customers. 
 
 Inflight Entertainment Portal and WiFi Service 
 
 Southwest offers inflight entertainment and connectivity service on WiFi-enabled aircraft on the majority of its fleet, where available. Southwest's suite of complimentary offerings onboard WiFi-enabled aircraft includes movies-on-demand, messaging, music, live and on-demand television, a flight tracker, and connecting flight information. The inflight entertainment service allows Customers to enjoy gate-to-gate entertainment directly on their personal wireless devices. Customers can also purchase satellite internet service while on WiFi-enabled aircraft, where available. 
 
 As noted above under Investments in Customer Experience, the Company has announced plans to bring enhanced WiFi connectivity onboard its aircraft in order to improve speed, reliability, and bandwidth. In addition to latest-generation upgraded Wifi hardware on its new deliveries, the Company is in the process of upgrading WiFi on its existing fleet. The Company also plans to install latest-generation onboard USB A and USB C power ports on every seat onboard MAX aircraft beginning in 2023, with a space-saving system that maintains legroom. 
 
 As noted above under Investments in Customer Experience, the Company has enhanced the entertainment options onboard its aircraft. The free inflight entertainment offerings include over 125 free movies-on-demand each month and free app messaging via iMessage or WhatsApp. The television product consists of 16 live channels and approximately 70 on-demand recorded episodes from popular television series. In addition, the onboard entertainment portal offers free digital music and live streaming radio service to Customers within the onboard entertainment portal. 
 
 Southwest.com and Direct to Customer Distribution Approach 
 
 The Company primarily offers its fare products directly to Customers through its Internet website, Southwest.com, and the Southwest App. For the years ended December 31, 2022, and December 31, 2021, approximately 83 percent and 86 percent, respectively, of the Company s Passenger revenues originated from Southwest.com or the 
 10 

Table of Contents 

 Southwest App (including revenues from SWABIZ , the Company's online booking tool designed for business Customers who prefer a self-service and low-cost solution for booking their air travel on Southwest). This "direct to Customer" distribution approach has historically provided a cost advantage for the Company because it eliminates fees associated with the use of third party distribution channels such as third party online travel platforms. The Company augments its direct to Customer distribution approach by offering a broad suite of digital platforms to support Customers' travel needs, including full featured websites and apps. These digital platforms help Customers book and manage their Southwest air travel and also facilitate the purchase of the Company s ancillary products, including Fare Upgrades, EarlyBird, Upgraded Boarding, vacation packages, rental car reservations, hotel reservations, and travel activities. In addition, the digital platforms provide self-service tools for reservation management and Customer support. 
 
 As noted above under Investments in Customer Experience, the Company continued to make significant digital investments in 2022 to improve the travel experience. All digital storefronts were updated to enable Customers to buy the Wanna Get Away Plus fare product along with updates to other fare products activated in May 2022. The Company also completed the activation of a buy now, pay later platform across all digital storefronts enabling Customers with additional payment options within the Android, iOS, mobile web and desktop platforms. Venmo was also added as a payment option for purchase of Inflight Internet while onboard. Further, new functionality for the Company s digital platforms and airport kiosks now help give Customers the ability to move more efficiently from curb to gate. Customers are now able to purchase Upgraded Boarding on their mobile devices without standing in line at the airport. The Company has also given Customers the ability to add lap child travelers when booking online and has added lap child check-in at self-service kiosks to empower Customers with more self-service options. 
 
 The Company s digital help center and related features also underwent optimization to better prepare Customers for using the Company s products and services. Improvements were made to digital trip cards, which now provide targeted trip information such as weather advisories and airport alerts. The Airport Information page was updated with mobile friendly features and is now more easily searchable to improve Customers day of travel wayfinding. Digital experiences were also updated to provide additional context on the Flight Credits Don t Expire policy change. Introducing more self-service options builds on the Company s effort to reduce wait times with improved and simplified online change functionality. Recent improvements were designed to reduce the need for Customers to call to make flight changes, and therefore reduce hold times to allow Southwest Representatives more availability for specialized Hospitality and Customer Service. 
 
 Southwest Business Initiatives 
 
 In addition to improvements in the Company's consumer-direct Southwest.com channel of distribution, in recent years the Company has taken significant action, including investments in Employees, processes, and technology, in order to grow its corporate travel business with the goal of making it easier for corporate travel Customers and travel management companies to do business with Southwest. 
 
 In 2019, the Company entered into an agreement with Amadeus IT Group, S.A. ("Amadeus"), and expanded its agreement with Travelport, LP and Travelport International Operations Limited (collectively, "Travelport"), to enable corporate travel Customers and travel management companies to book Southwest products on the Amadeus and Travelport global distribution system ("GDS") platforms. The Company began accepting corporate travel bookings through (i) Travelport's Apollo and Worldspan GDS platforms in second quarter 2020, (ii) Travelport's Galileo GDS platform in third quarter 2020, and (iii) the Amadeus GDS platform in fourth quarter 2020. The Company's expansion into the Travelport and Amadeus GDS channels is intended to facilitate corporate travel managers' ability to book, modify, and cancel Southwest reservations. 
 
 In 2020, the Company entered into a new full participation distribution agreement with Sabre Corporation ("Sabre"), to enable Sabre to continue to distribute Southwest content through traditional connectivity to corporations, government agencies, and travel management companies through Sabre's GDS. In July 2021, the Company began offering flights for sale within Sabre's GDS, the leading corporate booking channel in the United 
 11 

Table of Contents 

 States. As a result, the Company now offers the ability for business travelers and travel decision makers to book Southwest fares within all major GDS platforms. 
 
 The Company utilizes Airlines Reporting Corporation to implement industry-standard processes to handle the settlement of tickets booked through Travelport, Amadeus, and Sabre channels. The Company also utilizes ATPCO Routehappy to provide detailed product information that supports robust shopping and selling processes in third party booking channels. 
 
 In 2022, the Company launched its new travel portal, Southwest Business Assist . The self-service tool enables corporate travel buyers, travel decision makers, and travel management companies to better manage their business travel on Southwest using dashboards, reports, automated processing of travel benefits, and Customer Service. The on-demand self-service tool provides access to real-time information and reporting. Southwest Business has also continued to invest in and enhance its online booking tool SWABIZ , with mobile capabilities. SWABIZ is designed for business Customers who prefer a self-service and low-cost solution for booking their air travel on Southwest. The site also facilitates car and hotel booking. 
 
 Marketing 
 
 During 2022, the Company continued to market its competitive points of differentiation and Customer-friendly policies, specifically focusing on flexibility and ease for Customers. Southwest continues to be the only major U.S. airline that offers to all ticketed Customers up to two checked bags that fly free (subject to weight and size limits). Further, Southwest continues to offer low fares and no change fees (although fare differences may apply), cancellation fees (subject to the Company s No Show policy), or hidden fees. The Company also continued to market that its Rapid Rewards points do not expire, and began marketing its new policy that flight credits do not expire. Southwest also does not impose additional fees for items such as seat selection, soft drinks and snacks where available, curb-side check-in where available, and telephone reservations. 
 
 During 2022, the Company also marketed its multi-year plan to modernize and transform the Customer Experience through, among other things, enhanced WiFi connectivity onboard its aircraft in order to improve speed, reliability, and bandwidth, new in-seat power, larger overhead bins, and Upgraded Boarding self-service. See "Investments in Customer Experience" for further information. 
 
 The Company also continues to promote all of the many other reasons to fly Southwest in its marketing, such as its hospitality, low fares, expanded network, Customer Service, free inflight entertainment, Southwest Business offerings, and its Rapid Rewards loyalty program. 
 
 Technology Initiatives 
 
 The Company is focused on the prioritization and execution of its technology investments through an evolving multi-year plan for technology, with the goal of developing stronger, more adaptable, more efficient, and more reliable technology systems to support the Company's strategic priorities. The Company has committed, and plans to continue to commit, significant resources to technology improvements in support of its ongoing operations and initiatives. During 2022, among other things, the Company added technology for (i) a new fare product launch; (ii) a new human resources and payroll system; (iii) a new business travel management system; and (iv) enhanced cyber controls and monitoring. During 2021, the Company achieved the significant milestone of getting all of its aircraft into a single system for aircraft maintenance and record-keeping. This was one of the most critical maintenance system updates the Company has undertaken in its history. 
 
 The Company invests significantly in technology resources including, among others, the Company's systems related to (i) flight planning and scheduling; (ii) daily flight schedule management; (iii) aircraft turn capabilities; (iv) crew mobility and scheduling; (v) foundational operating systems; (vi) ancillary products, including vacation packages; (vii) revenue management; (viii) Customer Service Agent mobility; (ix) technology infrastructure and cybersecurity; and (x) improved Customer self-service offerings. 
 
 12 

Table of Contents 

 Environmental Sustainability 
 
 The Company remains steadfast in its desire to pursue, implement, and enhance initiatives to address the Company's impact on the environment. Over the years, the Company has undertaken a number of initiatives that have a direct impact on its fuel conservation and emissions-related reduction efforts, such as the following: 
 
 introduction of the MAX aircraft into the Company's fleet, which is more fuel-efficient and releases fewer CO emissions per available seat mile than the Company's previous generation of 737 aircraft; 
 installation of winglets, which reduce drag and increase fuel efficiency, on all aircraft in the Company's fleet; 
 application of periodic engine washes; 
 implementation of procedures for the use of electric ground power and pre-conditioned air for aircraft at the gate, when available; 
 replacement of eligible internal combustion ground support equipment with electric equipment at select locations; 
 deployment of auto-throttle and vertical navigation to maintain optimum cruising speeds; 
 implementation of engine start procedures to support the Company's single engine taxi procedures; 
 implementation of procedures on the timing of auxiliary power unit starts on originating flights to reduce auxiliary power unit usage; 
 implementation of fuel planning initiatives to safely reduce loading of excess fuel; 
 retrofitting of aircraft cabin interiors to reduce weight; 
 implementation of procedures to reduce aircraft engine idle speed while on the ground, which also increases engine life; 
 utilization of Company-optimized routes (including flying the best wind routes to take advantage of tailwinds or to minimize headwinds); 
 improvements in flight planning algorithms to better match the Company's aircraft flight management system and thereby enabling the Company to fly at the most efficient altitudes; 
 substitution of Pilot and Flight Attendant flight bags and paper manuals with lighter Electronic Flight Bag tablets; and 
 implementation of Real Time Descent Winds (automatic uplinking of up-to-date wind data to the aircraft, allowing crews to time the descent to minimize thrust inputs). 
 
 The Company participates in Required Navigation Performance ("RNP") operations as part of the FAA's Performance Based Navigation program, a key component of the Next Generation Transportation System NextGen ), which is intended to modernize the U.S. air traffic system by addressing limitations on air transportation capacity and making more efficient use of airspace. RNP combines the capabilities of advanced aircraft avionics, satellite navigation (instead of less precise ground-based navigation), and new flight procedures to enhance navigational and operational capabilities, improve fuel efficiency, and minimize greenhouse gas emissions. RNP approaches, which are published by the FAA, are currently available at 66 of the airports Southwest serves. Southwest continues to work with the FAA to develop and seek more use of RNP approaches and to evolve air traffic control rules to support greater utilization of RNP. 
 
 In 2021, the Company announced near- and long-term environmental sustainability goals, in addition to a series of actions and initiatives designed to assist the Company in achieving these goals. The Company continually monitors developments related to climate change and evaluates its goals and progress against these developments. The Company expects its path toward achievement of these goals will depend on, among other things (i) increased use of sustainable aviation fuel SAF ), which is not presently available at scale or at prices competitive to jet fuel; (ii) improved fuel efficiency from fleet renewal or planned fuel efficiency initiatives; (iii) operational initiatives; and (iv) technological innovation. 
 
 13 

Table of Contents 

 During 2022, the Company joined the Vision 2045 campaign, a collaboration among multiple organizations and companies to share films and resources that aim to inspire businesses and people to take action toward a more sustainable future. In addition, during 2022, the Company invested in SAFFiRE Renewables, LLC SAFFiRE ), a company formed by D3MAX, LLC, as part of a Department of Energy DOE )-backed project to develop and produce scalable SAF. Funded with a DOE grant matched by the Company's investment, SAFFiRE intends to utilize technology developed by the DOE's National Renewable Energy Laboratory to convert corn stover, a widely available waste feedstock in the United States, into renewable ethanol that then would be upgraded into SAF. 
 
 As part of its commitment to corporate sustainability, the Company has published the Southwest One Report describing the Company's environmental sustainability goals, actions, initiatives, and strategies, which include the foregoing and other efforts to address greenhouse gas emissions and other environmental matters such as energy and water conservation, waste minimization, and recycling. Information contained in the Southwest One Report is not incorporated by reference into, and does not constitute a part of, this Form 10-K. While the Company believes that the disclosures contained in the Southwest One Report and other voluntary disclosures regarding environmental, social, and governance ESG matters are responsive to various areas of investor interest, the Company believes that certain of these disclosures do not currently address matters that are material to the Company s operations, strategy, financial condition, or financial results, although this view may change in the future based on new information that could materially alter the estimates, assumptions, or timelines used to create these disclosures. Given the estimates, assumptions and timelines used to create the Southwest One Report and other voluntary disclosures, the materiality of these disclosures is inherently difficult to assess in advance. 
 
 Regulation 
 
 The airline industry is heavily regulated, especially by the federal government, and there are a significant number of governmental agencies and legislative bodies that have the ability to directly or indirectly affect the Company and/or the airline industry financially and/or operationally. Examples of regulations affecting the Company and/or the airline industry, that have been or may be imposed by several of these governmental agencies and legislative bodies, are discussed below. 
 
 Economic and Consumer Protection Regulation 
 
 Regulation by the U.S. Department of Transportation 
 
 The U.S. Department of Transportation ("DOT") regulates economic operating authority for air carriers and consumer protection for airline passengers. The DOT may take legal enforcement action against air carriers for violating their regulations by imposing civil penalties up to 37,377 per occurrence. 
 
 To provide passenger transportation in the United States, a domestic airline is required to hold a Certificate of Public Convenience Necessity from the DOT. A Certificate of Public Convenience Necessity is unlimited in duration, and the Company s certificate generally permits it to operate among any points within the United States and its territories and possessions. Additional DOT authority, in the form of a certificate or exemption from certificate requirements, is required for a U.S. airline to serve foreign destinations either with its own aircraft or via code-sharing with another airline. Exemptions granted by the DOT to serve international markets are generally limited in duration and are subject to periodic renewal requirements. The DOT may revoke a certificate or exemption, in whole or in part, for failure to comply with federal aviation statutes, regulations, orders, or the terms of the certificate or exemption itself. 
 
 The DOT's consumer protection and enforcement authority is derived primarily from a federal statutory prohibition on "unfair or deceptive practices or unfair methods of competition" by air carriers. A new DOT rule took effect in January 2021, codifying the definitions for the terms unfair and deceptive in the DOT s regulations by adopting the definitions used by the Federal Trade Commission, and amending and clarifying the procedures the DOT will follow when engaging in aviation consumer protection rulemaking and enforcement. The purpose of this new rule is to help establish clear and consistent criteria for unfair or deceptive practices while aligning DOT s 
 14 

Table of Contents 

 oversight of aviation entities with other government agencies oversight of other sectors of the economy with regard to unfair or deceptive practices. 
 
 Under the above-described authority, the DOT has adopted so-called "Passenger Protection Rules," which address a wide variety of matters, including flight delays on the tarmac, chronically delayed flights, denied boarding compensation, baggage liability requirements, ticket refunds, and advertising of airfares, among others. For example, under the DOT's tarmac delay rule and subject to limited exceptions, air carriers must not allow an aircraft to remain on the tarmac for more than 3 hours (for domestic delays) or more than 4 hours (for international delays), without allowing passengers to deplane. 
 
 In addition, the Passenger Protection Rules require airlines to (i) display ontime performance on their websites; (ii) adopt customer service plans, publish those plans on their website, and audit their own compliance with their plans; (iii) designate an employee to monitor the performance of airlines' flights; (iv) provide information to passengers on how to file complaints; (v) respond in a timely and substantive fashion to consumer complaints; (vi) pay compensation to each passenger denied boarding involuntarily from an oversold flight; (vii) refund any checked bag fee for permanently lost luggage; (viii) prominently disclose all potential fees for optional ancillary services on their websites; and (ix) refund passenger fees paid for ancillary services if a flight cancels or oversells and a passenger is unable to take advantage of such services. 
 
 The Passenger Protection Rules also require that (i) advertised fares include all government-mandated taxes and fees; (ii) passengers be allowed to either hold a reservation for up to 24 hours without making a payment or cancel a paid reservation without penalty for 24 hours after the reservation is made, as long as the reservation is made at least seven days in advance of travel; (iii) fares may not increase after purchase; (iv) baggage fees must be disclosed to the passenger at the time of booking; (v) the same baggage allowances and fees must apply throughout a passenger s trip; (vi) baggage fees must be disclosed on e-ticket confirmations; and (vii) passengers must be promptly notified in the event of delays of more than 30 minutes or if there is a cancellation or diversion of their flight. 
 
 The DOT took actions throughout 2022 to bolster its Passenger Protection Rules in certain respects. For example, 
 in response to many refund-related complaints during the COVID-19 pandemic, the DOT issued a proposed rule intended to provide passengers with rights to a refund of a non-refundable ticket, in certain situations, such as when there is a public health emergency, or when a passenger has a serious communicable disease. In addition, the DOT issued a proposed rule that would require more robust fee disclosure for critical ancillary services on all distribution channels where airline tickets are sold. The Company does not expect either proposed rule, if finalized, to have a significant impact on the Company given its existing policies and practices with respect to travel credits and critical ancillary services. 
 
 The DOT also issued a Notice in July 2022 that it would begin auditing airline family seating processes, in an effort to ensure 13-and-under children are able to sit adjacent to an accompanying adult without paying a seat fee. The Company formed a multi-disciplinary internal team to address the DOT Notice, and presented the Company s plan to DOT. 
 
 Following the operational challenges across the industry during the summer of 2022, the DOT increased its review of airline operational performance. In January 2023, the DOT began investigating the Company due to the significant travel disruption at the end of December 2022 to assess the Company's compliance with DOT regulatory requirements. 
 
 The DOT also has statutory authority to prohibit discrimination by airlines against consumers on the basis of (i) disability; and (ii) race, religion, national origin, sex, or ancestry. 
 
 In March 2022, the DOT published a proposed rule on accessible lavatories. If finalized, the rule would require airlines to have one accessible (larger) lavatory on narrow-body aircraft (a) ordered 18 years after the effective date of the final rule; or (b) delivered 20 years after the effective date of the final rule; or (c) that are part of a new type- 
 15 

Table of Contents 

 certified design filed with the FAA or a foreign carrier s safety authority one (1) year after the effective date of the final rule. The proposed rule would not require a retrofit of existing aircraft. The Company anticipates that this proposed rule, if finalized, could impose substantial costs on the Company and have a material effect on the Company's capital expenditures, earnings, and competitive position. The DOT has indicated it expects to finalize its proposed rule on larger lavatories in 2023. 
 
 Aviation Taxes and Fees 
 
 The statutory authority for the federal government to collect most types of aviation taxes, which are used, in part, to finance programs administered by the FAA, must be periodically reauthorized by the U.S. Congress. The FAA Reauthorization Act of 2018 (the "2018 Reauthorization Act") extends most commercial aviation taxes through September 30, 2023. 
 
 In addition to FAA-related taxes, there are additional federal taxes related to the U.S. Department of Homeland Security. These taxes do not need to be reauthorized periodically. Congress has set the Transportation Security Fee paid by passengers at 5.60 per one-way passenger trip originating in the U.S. In addition, international passengers arriving in the U.S. are subject to U.S. immigration and customs fees that are indexed to inflation. These fees are used to support the operations of U.S. Customs and Border Protection ("CBP"). Finally, the U.S. Department of Agriculture's Animal and Plant Health Inspection Service imposes an agriculture inspection fee on international passengers arriving in the United States. 
 
 Airline passengers are also required to pay a Passenger Facility Charge PFC ), a user fee that is authorized via federal statute but assessed by each airport. The maximum PFC is 4.50 per passenger enplanement. New or higher aviation taxes or user fees (including but not limited to the PFC), as well as new legislative mandates, may be imposed by Congress. One major piece of legislation that Congress is expected to address in 2023 is FAA reauthorization. Congress is expected to pass an FAA reauthorization bill by late 2023. This legislation could be the vehicle for increases in one or more of the taxes and fees discussed above, as well as new mandates on the DOT, FAA, and/or TSA to begin or complete rulemakings that could impact airline operations and/or finances. 
 
 Operational and Safety Regulation 
 
 The FAA, an agency within the DOT, has the authority to regulate safety aspects of civil aviation operations. Specifically, the Company and certain of its third-party service providers are subject to the jurisdiction of the FAA with respect to aircraft maintenance and operations, including equipment, ground facilities, dispatch, communications, training, and other matters affecting air safety. The FAA, from time to time, issues orders or directives relating to the maintenance and operation of aircraft that require significant expenditures or operational restrictions. The FAA, acting through its own powers or through the appropriate U.S. Attorney, has the power to bring proceedings for the imposition and collection of civil penalties for violation of the FAA's regulations. 
 
 The FAA requires airlines to obtain and maintain an Air Carrier Operating Certificate, as well as other certificates, approvals, and authorities. These certificates, approvals, and authorities are subject to amendment, suspension, or revocation for cause. 
 
 As the airlines safety regulator, the FAA uses tools, such as temporary flight restrictions, to control aircraft operations within designated areas. The FAA may also issue advisory circulars to provide guidance for compliance with aircraft and pilot certification standards, operational standards, training standards, and other FAA rules. These regulatory tools may create additional costs and/or operational restrictions for the Company. For example, the FAA has expressed concern about the deployment of certain wireless telecommunications systems that may cause interference with certain aircraft avionics, such as radio altimeters. In response, the FAA could impose temporary flight restrictions until the agency believes any safety concerns are resolved. The FAA could also require mitigations from aircraft operators (e.g., aircraft retrofits) as a means to avoid any potential interference. 
 
 16 

Table of Contents 

 With respect to airline operations, the FAA has rules in effect with respect to crew flight, duty, and rest times. Among other things, the rules (i) require a ten hour minimum rest period prior to a pilot s flight duty period; (ii) mandate that a pilot must have an opportunity for eight hours of uninterrupted sleep within the rest period; and (iii) impose pilot "flight time" and "duty time" limitations based upon report times, the number of scheduled flight segments, and other operational factors. The FAA has established flight attendant duty period limitations and rest requirements based on the length of a flight attendant s scheduled duty period, number of flight attendants assigned to a flight, and other operational factors. 
 
 On October 12, 2022, the FAA finalized new rules requiring that flight attendants scheduled to a duty period of 14 hours or less be given a scheduled rest period of at least 10 consecutive hours and that the rest period is not reduced under any circumstances. Previous rules required a scheduled rest period of at least nine consecutive hours, and allowed for a reduction to eight consecutive hours under certain circumstances. In anticipation of the final rules, the Company voluntarily implemented the new minimum rest requirements on July 1, 2022. 
 
 In July 2022, the FAA issued a proposed rule that would require that airlines have an installed physical secondary barrier to provide additional protection against unauthorized access to an aircraft s flight deck. The FAA s proposed rule contemplates a two-year compliance period from the effective date of a final rule after which any transport category airplane manufactured and used in regularly scheduled passenger-carrying operations would be required to have installed physical secondary barrier meeting the requirements of the rule. Compliance with the proposed rule could impose substantial costs on the Company. The FAA has indicated it plans to issue a final rule in 2023. 
 
 The FAA Reauthorization Act of 2018 contains provisions directing the FAA to examine whether to issue new regulations establishing minimum dimensions for seat size based on safety considerations. In August 2022, the FAA began soliciting stakeholder comments on the topic. If the FAA issues a rule with minimum dimensions that exceed the Company s current seat dimensions, the Company could incur substantial compliance costs. 
 
 Further, the 2018 Reauthorization Act expands human trafficking training requirements beyond flight attendants to include several public-facing Employee work groups, as well as requires air carriers to implement a plan and develop training with protocols for preventing and responding to verbal or physical assault committed against customer service agents. Human trafficking training is required for the Company s frontline Employees and recommended as voluntary curriculum for other Employees. The Company has also implemented an Employee Assault Prevention and Response Plan that includes training to de-escalate hostile situations, written protocols for dealing with hostile situations, and reporting of relevant incidents to appropriate authorities. 
 
 In addition to its role as safety regulator, the FAA operates the nation s air traffic control system and has continued its lengthy and ongoing effort to implement a multi-faceted, airspace modernization program, NextGen. According to the U.S. government, NextGen will help contribute to a safer, more efficient, and more predictable system, which may potentially contribute to reduced fuel burn, emissions, and noise. As part of the NextGen initiative, in 2010 the FAA published rules requiring most commercial aircraft operating in the national airspace system to be equipped with Automatic Dependent Surveillance - Broadcast ("ADS-B") technology by January 1, 2020. ADS-B technology is intended to enhance safety and efficiency by moving from ground-based radar and navigational aids to precise tracking using satellite signals. In addition to environmental and efficiency benefits, ADS-B technology gives pilots and air traffic controllers new tools to reduce the risk of runway incursions and aircraft collisions. The Company has implemented technology and programs intended to comply with all applicable ADS-B requirements. On November 9, 2021, the U.S. government announced an Aviation Climate Action Plan to reduce emissions by, among other initiatives and efforts, operationalizing NextGen to realize the full potential of modernized infrastructure and systems, and enhancing data quality and information distribution to enable operators to fly more fuel-efficient trajectories. 
 
 The Air Traffic Organization ("ATO") is the operational arm of the FAA. The ATO is responsible for providing safe and efficient air navigation services to all of the United States and large portions of the Atlantic and Pacific Oceans and the Gulf of Mexico. The Company is subject to any operational changes imposed by the FAA/ATO as they relate to the NextGen program, as well as the day-to-day management of the air traffic control system. 
 17 

Table of Contents 

Passenger and Occupational Health Regulation 
 
 The Company is subject to various other federal, state, and local laws and regulations relating to health and occupational safety, including Department of Health and Human Services, Centers for Disease Control and Prevention CDC ), Occupational Safety and Health Administration, and Food and Drug Administration regulations. In response to the COVID-19 pandemic, federal, state, and local government authorities implemented directives, orders, and regulations intended to mitigate the spread of the virus, and in response, the Company modified its practices, policies, and procedures, as appropriate. For example, the CDC and TSA issued orders, effective February 1, 2021, mandating the wearing of face masks on all commercial flights and within airports, subject to certain limited exceptions. On April 18, 2022, a federal judge in Florida struck down the federal mask mandate in transportation as outside of the CDC s authority. As a result of this development, the Company modified its policies to no longer require the wearing of masks onboard its aircraft. 
 
 New health requirements or standards, whether mandated by government agencies or voluntarily adopted by the Company, related to the COVID-19 pandemic or otherwise intended to mitigate the spread of communicable diseases could affect the Company s costs and performance. 
 
 For further information pertaining to the FAA s oversight and regulatory authority, as well as health and safety regulations related to COVID-19, see Risk Factors - Legal, Regulatory, Compliance, and Reputational Risks, and COVID-19 Risks. 
 
 Security Regulation 
 
 Pursuant to the Aviation and Transportation Security Act ("ATSA"), the TSA, a federal agency of the U.S. Department of Homeland Security, is responsible for certain civil aviation security matters. ATSA and subsequent TSA regulations and procedures implementing ATSA and related statutes address, among other things, (i) flight deck security; (ii) the use of federal air marshals onboard flights; (iii) airport and aircraft access security; (iv) airline crew security training; (v) security screening of passengers, baggage, cargo, mail, employees, and vendors; (vi) training and qualifications of security screening personnel; (vii) provision of passenger data to CBP; and (viii) background checks. 
 
 Under ATSA, substantially all security officers at airports are federal employees, and significant other elements of airline and airport security are overseen and performed by federal employees, including federal security managers, federal law enforcement officers, and federal air marshals. TSA personnel and TSA-mandated security procedures can affect the Company's operations, costs, and Customer experience. For example, as part of its security measures, the TSA regulates the types of liquid items that can be carried onboard aircraft. In addition, as part of its Secure Flight program, the TSA requires airlines to collect a passenger's full name (as it appears on a government-issued ID), date of birth, gender, and Redress Number (if applicable). Airlines must transmit this information to Secure Flight, which uses the information to perform matching against terrorist watch lists. After matching passenger information against the watch lists, Secure Flight transmits the matching results back to airlines. This serves to identify individuals for more extensive security screening and to prevent individuals on watch lists from boarding an aircraft. It also helps prevent the misidentification of passengers who have names similar to individuals on watch lists. The TSA's multi-layered, risk-based approach to airport security also includes physical pat down procedures at security checkpoints. These procedures have raised privacy concerns by some air travelers, and have caused delays at screening checkpoints. 
 
 The Company, in conjunction with the TSA, participates in TSA PreCheck , a pre-screening initiative that allows passengers deemed low risk by the TSA to move through security checkpoints with greater efficiency and ease when traveling. Eligible passengers may use dedicated screening lanes at certain airports the Company serves for screening benefits, which include leaving on shoes, light outerwear, and belts, as well as leaving laptops and permitted liquids in carryon bags. A similar CBP-administered program, Global Entry , allows expedited clearance for pre-approved, low-risk international travelers upon arrival in the United States. The TSA has expressed its plans 
 18 

Table of Contents 

 to leverage advanced transportation security screening technologies, including biometric solutions, to improve security effectiveness and operational efficiency, while also enhancing the passenger experience. The advanced technologies have prompted privacy, cost, and legal concerns from air carriers, travelers, and advocacy groups, which could affect the timing and viability of the TSA's plans. 
 
 The Company also participates in the TSA Known Crewmember program, which is a risk-based screening system that enables TSA security officers to positively verify the identity and employment status of flight-crew members. The program expedites flight crew member access to sterile areas of airports. 
 
 The Company works collaboratively with TSA, foreign national governments, and airports to provide risk-based security measures at international locations served by the Company. 
 
 The Company has made significant investments in facilities, equipment, and technology to process Customers, checked baggage, and cargo efficiently in compliance with applicable security regulations; however, the Company is not able to predict the impact, if any, that various security measures or TSA resource limitations at certain airports will have on Passenger revenues and the Company s costs, either in the short-term or the long-term. 
 
 Environmental Regulation 
 
 The Company is subject to various federal laws and regulations relating to the protection of the environment, including the Clean Air Act, the Resource Conservation and Recovery Act, the Clean Water Act, the Safe Drinking Water Act, and the Comprehensive Environmental Response, Compensation and Liability Act ("CERCLA"), as well as state and local laws and regulations. These laws and regulations govern aircraft drinking water, emissions, storm water discharges from operations, and the disposal of materials such as jet fuel, chemicals, hazardous waste, and aircraft deicing fluid. 
 
 Additionally, in conjunction with airport authorities, other airlines, and state and local environmental regulatory agencies, the Company, as a normal course of business, undertakes voluntary investigation or remediation of soil or groundwater contamination at various airport sites. The Company has not historically experienced any airport site environmental liability that has had a material adverse effect on its capital expenditures, earnings, or competitive position. However, many airports, as well as federal, state and local governmental authorities, are increasingly focused on groundwater contamination caused by what are sometimes referred to as forever chemicals, most notably per- and polyfluoroalkyl substances PFAS ). PFAS have been used in many manufacturing and industrial applications over many decades and can be found in numerous products, including building materials and household products. Most notably for aviation, PFAS are a key component in aqueous film-forming foam AFFF ), which are commonly available for use to fight petroleum-based fires at both commercial and military aviation facilities. The FAA and the U.S. Department of Defense have strict performance specifications for fire suppression systems, which has contributed to the use of AFFF/PFAS over the decades. PFAS is now the focus of regulatory oversight at airports, as well as the source of litigation by airports against AFFF manufacturers. Moreover, regulatory authorities at the federal, state, and local levels are contemplating both the prohibition of PFAS-based AFFF and costly remediation efforts at airports to address groundwater contamination. In addition, the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency (the "EPA") is expected to finalize a rule listing two specific types of PFAS, perfluorooctanoic acid and perfluorooctanesulfonic acid, which may be found in AFFF, as hazardous substances under CERCLA. The evolving legal and regulatory activity surrounding PFAS could lead to an inadequate supply of FAA-certified AFFF throughout the aviation system and/or increased operating costs at certain airports. Moreover, listing PFAS compounds under CERCLA may give rise to strict, joint and several liability for removal, remedial, response, and other costs, the costs of which could be material. 
 
 The federal government and the United Nations International Civil Aviation Organization ("ICAO") have implemented legislative and regulatory proposals and introduced voluntary measures to address climate change by reducing greenhouse gas emissions. At the federal level, in July 2016, the EPA issued a final endangerment finding for greenhouse gas emissions from certain types of aircraft engines, which the agency determined contribute to pollution that causes climate change and endangers public health and the environment. Following this endangerment 
 19 

Table of Contents 

 finding, per the federal Clean Air Act, the EPA adopted aircraft greenhouse gas emissions standards in December 2020. These standards apply to airframe and aircraft engine manufacturers, and align with the standards previously adopted by ICAO. On November 15, 2021, the EPA affirmed the agency will not reconsider the rule adopting the standards; however, several states and non-government organizations have filed legal petitions challenging the EPA s adoption of the rule, which remain unresolved at this time. The Company does not expect to incur any material costs related to the EPA s GHG aircraft rules at this time and the rules are not expected to adversely impact the Company's current aircraft fleet; however, the Company cannot guarantee that more stringent standards will not be adopted by the EPA in the future that could require material capital expenditures to modernize or replace its aircraft fleet or incur other costs related to GHG emissions from its aircraft. 
 
 In addition to aircraft emissions standards, ICAO implemented a "global market-based measure" framework in an effort to control carbon dioxide emissions from international aviation. The focal point of this framework is a carbon offsetting system applicable to aircraft operators designed to cap the growth of emissions related to international aviation. ICAO's Carbon Offsetting and Reduction Scheme for International Aviation ("CORSIA") program is a global market-based measure intended to cap carbon emissions from international civil aviation at their 2019 levels from 2021 to 2023 and 85 percent of their 2019 levels from 2024 to 2035, addressing carbon emissions from the growth of international air traffic by requiring that international aviation emissions above these levels be offset or reduced through the use of CORSIA Eligible Fuel, such as a CORSIA sustainable aviation fuel, or CORSIA Eligible Emissions Units. The U.S. federal government has opted to participate in the voluntary phases of the CORSIA program from 2021-2026 (additional phases extend through 2035). As part of the CORSIA program, the Company is currently monitoring its international emissions for reporting purposes. Data collected from applicable international flight activity in 2019 forms the baseline and is used in the calculations to determine subsequent carbon offsetting requirements under the CORSIA program. To the extent CORSIA revises any of its emission accounting methodologies or options for meeting emission reduction levels, the Company could face increased costs to purchase additional volumes of SAF, carbon offsets, or take other measures to comply with the CORSIA program. To date, the Company has not incurred any material costs related to its compliance with CORSIA; however, the Company could experience material costs as a result of any future expansion of its international operations, which would increase its compliance obligations under CORSIA, the need to purchase additional carbon offsets or volumes of SAF than what the Company has currently projected based on any changes to the CORSIA program, or other unforeseeable reasons given the evolving nature of climate change related laws, regulations, and programs. Regardless of the method of regulation or application of CORSIA, further policy changes with regard to climate change are possible, which could significantly increase operating costs in the airline industry and, as a result, adversely affect operations. Until the timing, scope, and extent of such future developments become known, the Company cannot predict their effect on the Company s cost structure or its operating results. 
 
 There are additional areas of federal rulemaking underway with respect to climate change-related matters that could also increase the Company s compliance obligations and costs and expenditures related to the same. In addition, to the extent these rules mandate additional disclosure on matters related to climate change, it is possible that such disclosures may impact lending or investment decisions of third parties, and consequently the Company could face greater restrictions on or increased costs of access to capital if the Company is not perceived as meeting any climate change-related standards established by such third parties. For example, on March 21, 2022, the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission SEC proposed The Enhancement and Standardization of Climate-Related Disclosures for Investors. The proposed rule amendments would require a domestic or foreign registrant to include certain climate-related information in its registration statements and periodic reports, such as on Form 10-K, including: climate-related risks and their actual or likely material impacts on the registrant s business, strategy, and outlook; the registrant s governance of climate-related risks and relevant risk management processes; the registrant s greenhouse gas emissions, which for accelerated and large accelerated filers and with respect to certain emissions, would be subject to assurance; certain climate-related financial statement metrics and related disclosures in a note to its audited financial statements; and information about climate-related targets and goals, and transition plan, if any. A final rule is expected in 2023. The Company may incur increased costs with respect to modifying existing disclosure controls, financial reporting practices, and the gathering and reporting of emissions data, in order to comply with the SEC s final rule. The Company could also face increased risks of litigation resulting from any enhanced disclosure requirements related to climate change. 
 20 

Table of Contents 

Separately, on November 10, 2022, the Biden-Harris Administration proposed the Federal Supplier Climate Risks and Resilience Rule, which would require major Federal contractors to publicly disclose their greenhouse gas emissions and climate-related financial risks and set science-based emissions reduction targets verified by the Science-Based Target initiative and in accordance with third-party standards that preclude the use of carbon offsets to achieve emission reduction goals. The Company is currently monitoring the proposed rule; however, compliance with the rule as proposed could require the Company to incur increased costs in the form of increased reporting obligations, modify its operations to meet emission reduction targets, accelerate its fleet replacement plans, or otherwise revise or restate its existing sustainability goals. 
 
 In addition to climate change, aircraft noise continues to be an environmental focus, especially as the FAA implements new flight procedures as part of its NextGen airspace modernization program discussed above. The Airport Noise and Capacity Act of 1990 gives airport operators the right, under certain circumstances, to implement local noise abatement programs, provided they do not unreasonably interfere with interstate or foreign commerce or the national air transportation system and meet other requirements. Some airports have established airport restrictions to limit noise, including restrictions on aircraft types to be used and limits on the number of hourly or daily operations or the time of operations. These types of restrictions can cause curtailments in service or increases in operating costs and can limit the ability of air carriers to expand operations at the affected airports. 
 
 At the federal level, the FAA has committed to inform and involve the public, engage with communities, and give meaningful consideration to community concerns and views when developing new flight procedures, and there is a possibility that Congress may enact legislation in the future to address local noise concerns at one or more commercial airports in the United States. In addition, the 2018 Reauthorization Act requires the FAA to consider community noise concerns when proposing a new navigation departure procedure or amending an existing navigation procedure that would direct aircraft over noise sensitive areas. This requirement could delay or otherwise impede the implementation or use of more efficient flight paths. 
 
 In general, government efforts at the international, federal, state, or local levels to address worldwide climate change, manage greenhouse gas emissions, and reduce aircraft noise, to the extent pursued or implemented, could affect the Company, aircraft operators, original equipment manufacturers, producers and sellers of aviation fuel, and other third parties on which the Company is dependent. Additional legislative or regulatory activity in this area could require modifications to the Company s equipment, operations, and strategy, and have a material effect on the Company's capital expenditures, earnings, or competitive position. 
 
 Data Privacy and Cybersecurity Regulation 
 
 The Company is subject to federal, state, and foreign laws relating to the collection, use, retention, security, and transfer of personal information. The interpretation and application of many data privacy legal obligations is rapidly evolving. The Company continues to monitor a growing set of data privacy legal requirements, including with respect to consumer and employee access and control over personal information. 
 
 The Company has experienced heightened legislative and regulatory focus on cybersecurity, from both airline specific and broadly-applicable cybersecurity legal obligations. As a result, the Company must comply with a developing set of cybersecurity requirements including reporting, coordination, and affirmative risk management obligations related to information technology systems and operational technology systems. 
 
 The Company expects federal, state, and other governments to assess and implement increasingly challenging data privacy and cybersecurity legal obligations, which could result in expanded compliance burdens, costs, and enforcement risks for the Company. 
 
 International Regulation 
 
 21 

Table of Contents 

 All international air service is subject to certain U.S. federal requirements and approvals, as well as the regulatory requirements of the appropriate authorities of the foreign countries involved. Foreign regulatory agencies located in jurisdictions served by the Company can impose requirements on various aspects of the Company s business, including safety, marketing, ticket sales, staffing, and tax. 
 
 The Company has obtained the necessary economic authority from the DOT, as well as approvals required by the FAA and applicable foreign government entities, to conduct operations, under certain circumstances, to points outside of the continental United States currently served by the Company. Certain international authorities and approvals held by the Company are subject to periodic renewal requirements. The Company requests extensions of such authorities and approvals when and as appropriate. To the extent the Company seeks to serve additional foreign destinations in the future, or to renew its authority to serve certain routes, it may be required to obtain necessary authority from the DOT and/or approvals from the FAA, as well as any applicable foreign government entity. 
 
 Certain international markets are governed by bilateral air transportation agreements between the United States and foreign countries. Changes in U.S. or foreign government aviation policies could result in the alteration or termination of such agreements, diminish the value of the Company's existing international authorities, present barriers to renewing existing or securing new authorities, or otherwise affect the Company's international operations. There are also capacity limitations at certain international airports, which could impact future service levels. In general, bilateral agreements between the United States and foreign countries the Company currently serves, or may serve in the future, may be subject to renegotiation or reinterpretation from time to time. While the U.S. government has negotiated "open skies" agreements with many countries, which allow for unrestricted access between the United States and respective foreign destinations, agreements with other countries may restrict the Company's entry into those destinations and/or its related growth opportunities. 
 
 The CBP is the federal agency of the U.S. Department of Homeland Security charged with facilitating international trade, collecting import duties, and enforcing U.S. regulations with respect to trade, customs, and immigration. To the extent the Company expands its international flight offerings, CBP and its requirements and resources will also become increasingly important considerations to the Company. For instance, with the exception of flights from a small number of foreign "preclearance" locations, arriving international flights may only land at CBP-designated airpo rts, and CBP officers must be present and in sufficient numbers at those airports to effectively process and inspect arriving international passengers, baggage, and cargo. Thus, CBP personnel and CBP-mandated procedures can affect the Company's operations, costs, and Customer experience. The Company has made significant investments in facilities, equipment, and technologies at certain airports in order to improve the Customer experience and to assist CBP with its inspection and processing duties; however, the Company is not able to predict the impact, if any, that various CBP measures or the lack of CBP resources will have on the Company's revenues and costs, either in the short-term or the long-term. 
 
 Insurance 
 
 The Company carries insurance of types customary in the airline industry and in amounts the Company deems adequate to protect the Company and its property and to comply both with applicable regulations and certain of the Company's credit and lease agreements. The policies principally provide coverage for public and passenger liability, property damage, pollution, D O/fiduciary, cargo and baggage liability, loss or damage to aircraft, engines, and spare parts, and workers compensation. In addition, the Company carries a cybersecurity insurance policy with regards to data protection and business interruption associated with both security breaches from malicious parties and from certain system failures. The Company also manages insured risk through the use of reinsurance programs, pooling mechanisms, and a wholly-owned captive insurance subsidiary. 
 
 Although the Company has been able to purchase aviation, property, liability, pollution, and D O/fiduciary insurance via the commercial insurance marketplace, available commercial insurance could be more expensive in the future and/or have material differences in coverage than insurance that has historically been provided and may not be adequate to protect the Company's risk of loss from future events, including acts of terrorism and severe 
 22 

Table of Contents 

 weather events. Further, available cybersecurity insurance with regards to data protection and business interruption could be more expensive in the future and/or have material differences in coverage than insurance that has historically been provided and may not be adequate to protect the Company's risk of loss. With respect to any insurance claims, policy coverages and claims are subject to acceptance by the many insurers involved and may require arbitration, mediation, and/or litigation to effectively settle the claims over prolonged periods of time. 
 
 Competition 
 
 Competition within the airline industry is intense and highly unpredictable, and Southwest has historically competed with other airlines on virtually all of its scheduled routes. In recent years, the majority of domestic airline service has been provided by Southwest and the other largest major U.S. airlines, including American Airlines, Delta Air Lines, and United Airlines. The DOT defines major U.S. airlines as those airlines with annual revenues of at least 1 billion; there are currently 13 passenger airlines offering scheduled service, including Southwest, that meet this standard. 
 
 Key competitive factors within the airline industry have historically included (i) pricing and cost structure; (ii) routes, loyalty programs, and schedules; (iii) customer service, operational reliability, product offerings, and amenities; and (iv) balance sheet health. Airlines, including Southwest, also compete for customers with alternatives to travel, such as videoconferencing and business communication platforms. These alternatives have become particularly prevalent as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic. 
 
 Pricing and Cost Structure 
 
 Pricing is a significant competitive factor in the airline industry, and the availability of fare information on the Internet allows travelers to easily compare fares and identify competitor promotions and discounts. As a result of the COVID-19 pandemic, the Company experienced an increasingly competitive fare environment, as airlines offered significantly discounted fares to attempt to address unprecedented decreases in consumer demand. 
 
 Pricing can be driven by a variety of factors. For example, under normal circumstances, airlines may discount fares to drive traffic in new markets, stimulate traffic in existing markets, and/or grow market share in existing markets. 
 
 The Company believes its low-cost operating structure has historically provided it with an advantage over many of its airline competitors by enabling it to continue to charge low fares. In addition, the Company believes its low-cost operating structure provided it with a significant financial competitive advantage relative to many of its competitors in r esponding to the financial impact of the COVID-19 pandemic. 
 
 Routes, Loyalty Programs, and Schedules 
 
 The Company also competes with other airlines based on markets served, loyalty opportunities, and flight schedules. While the Company has a robust, route network in the United States, some major airlines have more extensive global route structures than Southwest, including more extensive international networks. In addition, many competitors have entered into significant commercial relationships with other airlines, such as strategic alliances, code-sharing, and capacity purchase agreements, which increase the airlines' opportunities to expand their route offerings. An alliance or code-sharing agreement enables an airline to offer flights that are operated by another airline and also allows the airline s customers to book travel that includes segments on different airlines through a single reservation or ticket. As a result, depending on the nature of the specific alliance or code-sharing arrangement, a participating airline may be able to, among other things, (i) offer its customers access to more destinations than it would be able to serve on its own, (ii) gain exposure in markets it does not otherwise serve, and (iii) increase the perceived frequency of its flights on certain routes. More extensive route structures, as well as alliance and code-sharing arrangements, not only provide additional route flexibility for participating airlines, they can also allow these airlines to offer their customers more opportunities to earn and redeem loyalty miles or points. A capacity purchase agreement enables an airline to expand its route structure by paying another airline (e.g., a regional airline with smaller aircraft) to operate flights on its behalf in markets that it does not, or cannot, serve 
 23 

Table of Contents 

 itself. The Company continues to evaluate and implement initiatives to better enable itself to offer additional itineraries, and has opened 18 new airports since the COVID-19 pandemic began, which has significantly increased its domestic route network. 
 
 Customer Service, Operational Reliability, Product Offerings, and Amenities 
 
 Southwest also competes with other airlines with respect to customer service, operational reliability (such as ontime performance), product offerings, and passenger amenities. According to statistics published by the DOT, Southwest has historically ranked at or near the top among domestic carriers in Customer Satisfaction for having the lowest customer complaint ratio. However, in particular in response to the COVID-19 pandemic, carriers are increasingly focusing on customer-friendly policies as opportunities to win and retain customers. In addition, some airlines have more seating options and associated passenger amenities than Southwest, including first class, business class, and other premium seating and related amenities, which can appeal in particular to business customers. However, the Company believes its introduction of its fares in the Global Distribution Systems (GDS) provides an opportunity to increase the Company's market share of business customers. New and different types of aircraft flown by competitors could have operational attributes and passenger amenities that could be considered more attractive to certain consumers than those associated with the Company's existing fleet. The Company believes its Customer Service and flexible Customer and Rapid Rewards policies continue to positively differentiate it from many of its competitors. 
 
 Balance Sheet Health 
 
 The Company believes it is emerging from the COVID-19 pandemic with a strengthened financial position relative to its competitors in the U.S. airline industry, which has put the Company in a better position to support future growth. Further, the Company has maintained its investment-grade rating by all three major credit agencies (Moody s, S P Global, and Fitch) throughout the pandemic, and is currently the only major U.S. passenger airline with an investment-grade rating. The Company believes its balance sheet provided it advantaged access to liquidity during the pandemic. 
 
 Other Forms of Competition 
 
 Technology advancements have provided alternatives to air travel, such as videoconferencing, business communication platforms, and the Internet, and these alternatives significantly increased in scope during the COVID-19 pandemic. The Company is subject to the risk that the significantly increased use of these alternatives could result in permanent changes to consumer behavior and thereby negatively affect demand for air travel. 
 
 The airline industry is also subject to varying degrees of competition from other forms of transportation, including surface transportation by automobiles, buses, and trains. Inconveniences and delays associated with air travel security measures can increase surface competition. In addition, surface competition can be significant during economic downturns when consumers cut back on discretionary spending and fewer choose to fly, or when gasoline prices are lower, making surface transportation a less expensive option. Because of the relatively high percentage of short-haul travel provided by Southwest, it is particularly exposed to competition from surface transportation in these instances. 
 
 Seasonality 
 
 The Company's business is ordinarily seasonal. Generally, in most markets the Company serves, demand for air travel is greater during the summer months, and, therefore, revenues in the airline industry tend to be stronger in the second (April 1 - June 30) and third (July 1 - September 30) quarters of the year than in the first (January 1 - March 31) and fourth (October 1 - December 31) quarters of the year. As a result, in many cases, the Company's results of operations reflect this seasonality. Factors that could alter this seasonality include, among others, global pandemics such as COVID-19, the price of fuel, general economic conditions, changes in consumer behavior, governmental action, extreme or severe weather and natural disasters, fears of terrorism or war, or changes in the competitive 
 24 

Table of Contents 

 environment. Therefore, the Company's quarterly operating results are not necessarily indicative of operating results for the entire year, and historical operating results in a quarterly or annual period are not necessarily indicative of future operating results. 
 
 Employees 
 
 Total Employees and Labor Union Activity 
 
 At December 31, 2022, the Company had 66,656 active full-time equivalent Employees, consisting of 28,199 air operations (including Pilots, Flight Attendants, Dispatchers, Flight Simulator Technicians, Flight Crew Training Instructors, and Meteorologists), 19,679 ground operations (including Ramp, Operations, Provisioning, and Freight Agents, and Customer Service Agents), 3,275 Customer Representatives and Source of Support Representatives, 3,458 maintenance and engineering (including Material Specialists, Mechanics, Aircraft Appearance Technicians, and Facilities Maintenance Technicians), and 12,045 additional noncontract Employees. The Company has consistently utilized active full-time equivalent Employees to determine various metrics that measure productivity and efficiency, so it has chosen to not include inactive Employees in the figure, which totaled an additional 4,060 Employees as of December 31, 2022. In addition, the active full-time equivalent Employees figure includes an adjustment to count all part-time Employees as a 0.5 full-time equivalent Employee. The Company continues to focus on its hiring needs to meet schedule demands. The labor force participation rate remains depressed despite an increase in jobs, especially in the transportation and hospitality industries. There is an ongoing battle for talent, leading to less candidate supply and a decline in qualified candidates. 
 
 Approximately 83 percent of Company Employees at December 31, 2022, were represented by labor unions. The Company uses active full-time equivalent Employees to measure productivity and efficiency, but when considering total demographics of Employees, the Company looks at total headcount, active and inactive Employees, irrespective of part-time or full-time status. The Railway Labor Act establishes the right of airline employees to organize and bargain collectively. Under the Railway Labor Act, collective-bargaining agreements between an airline and a labor union generally do not expire, but instead become amendable as of an agreed date. By the amendable date, if either party wishes to modify the terms of the agreement, it must notify the other party in the manner required by the Railway Labor Act and/or described in the agreement. After receipt of the notice, the parties must meet for direct negotiations. If no agreement is reached, either party may request the National Mediation Board to appoint a federal mediator. If no agreement is reached in mediation, the National Mediation Board may determine an impasse exists and offer binding arbitration to the parties. If either party rejects binding arbitration, a 30-day "cooling off" period begins. At the end of this 30-day period, the parties may engage in "self-help," unless a Presidential Emergency Board is established to investigate and report on the dispute. The appointment of a Presidential Emergency Board maintains the "status quo" for an additional period of time. If the parties do not reach agreement during this period, the parties may then engage in "self-help." "Self-help" includes, among other things, a strike by the union or the airline s imposition of any or all of its proposed amendments and the hiring of new employees to replace any striking workers. 
 
 The following table sets forth the Company's Employee groups subject to collective bargaining and the status of their respective collective-bargaining agreements as of December 31, 2022: 
 
 25 

Table of Contents 

Employee Group Approximate Number of Full-time Equivalent Employees Representatives Status of Agreement Southwest Pilots 9,342 Southwest Airlines Pilots' Association ("SWAPA") In negotiations Southwest Flight Attendants 18,105 Transportation Workers of America, AFL-CIO, Local 556 ("TWU 556") In negotiations Southwest Ramp, Operations, Provisioning, Freight Agents 15,260 Transportation Workers of America, AFL-CIO, Local 555 ("TWU 555") In negotiations Southwest Customer Service Agents, Customer Representatives, and Source of Support Representatives 7,694 International Association of Machinists and Aerospace Workers, AFL-CIO ("IAM 142") Amendable December 2027 Southwest Material Specialists (formerly known as Stock Clerks) 448 International Brotherhood of Teamsters, Local 19 ("IBT 19") Amendable April 2024 Southwest Mechanics 2,766 Aircraft Mechanics Fraternal Association ("AMFA") Amendable August 2024 Southwest Aircraft Appearance Technicians 194 AMFA Amendable July 2027 Southwest Facilities Maintenance Technicians 50 AMFA In negotiations. Tentative agreement was reached and ratified in January 2023. Amendable November 2027. Southwest Dispatchers 472 Transportation Workers of America, AFL-CIO, Local 550 ("TWU 550") In negotiations. Tentative Agreement was reached in January 2023 and was ratified in February 2023. Amendable June 2027. Southwest Flight Simulator Technicians 56 International Brotherhood of Teamsters ("IBT") Amendable May 2024 Southwest Flight Crew Training Instructors 212 Transportation Workers of America, AFL-CIO, Local 557 ("TWU 557") Amendable January 2027 Southwest Meteorologists 12 TWU 550 In negotiations 
 
 Human Capital Resources 
 
 General 
 
 The Company s hiring, development, and retention of a diverse and talented workforce is a priority that includes: (i) providing opportunities for learning, development, career growth, and movement within the Company; (ii) evaluating compensation and benefits, and rewarding performance; (iii) investing in physical, emotional, and financial health of Employees; (iv) obtaining Employee feedback; (v) maintaining and enhancing Company culture; and (vi) communicating with the Board of Directors on a routine basis on key topics, including executive succession planning. 
 
 The Company has implemented many programs designed to achieve these priorities, including strong Employee training and benefits programs. The Company's vast Employee training and development opportunities address, among other things, leadership development; diversity, equity, and inclusion; communication skills; and human trafficking awareness. The Company rewards Employees with competitive compensation and benefits packages, including attractive medical plans, a 401(k) plan with a dollar-for-dollar match for Employees other than Pilots (subject to vesting requirements and certain compensation limits), a 401(k) plan with a non-elective contribution of 15 percent for Pilots, and a profit sharing plan. 
 
 The Company regularly conducts Employee surveys to assess job satisfaction of its Employees, and uses information from the surveys to improve the Company s ability to attract, develop, and retain talented Employees who will help advance the Company. For many years, the bonus opportunity for the Company's senior leadership 
 26 

Table of Contents 

 group, including its executive officers, has been tied to the Company's performance relative to multiple pre-established performance metrics, which have from time to time included the Company s diversity, equity, and inclusion DEI initiatives and/or the Company's voluntary turnover rate for Employees. In addition to bonus opportunities for the Company s senior leadership group, the Company has implemented performance-based compensation programs for other non-contract Employee leaders, including managers, supervisors, team leads, and certain other Employees. 
 
 Diversity, Equity, and Inclusion 
 
 DEI is also an integral part of the Company s culture and processes that support recruitment, hiring, training, retention, and advancement. In a n effort to advance the Company's DEI, the Company has established the following goals: 
 
 Evolve hiring and development practices to support diversity goals, including posting all open Leadership positions (Supervisor to Vice President) and requiring diverse candidate slates for each role; 
 Measure progress in increasing diversity in Senior Leadership; 
 Double the percentage of racial diversity and increase gender diversity in the Company s Senior Management Committee by 2025; and 
 Engaging the Company s breadth of community partners to leverage relationships in sourcing diverse talent. 
 
 Additionally, the Company s Board of Directors is seeking to increase its diverse representation by 2025. The Company has a dedicated DEI Department that provides regular updates to the Compensation Committee of the Company's Board of Directors. To advance the Company's goals with respect to inclusion, the DEI Department has launched a multi-year training plan to increase the cultural competency of the Company's workforce. 
 
 The Company has taken tangible steps to update the required infrastructure, processes, and practices to meet these objectives. T he DEI Department formed an Executive Steering Committee to support the strategic direction of this progress. In addition, the Company evolved its talent acquisition processes by requiring diverse candidate pools for leadership positions, deploying inclusion training for all hiring Leaders, and creating a Diversity Recruiting Center of Excellence. The Company also works with community partners in support of its efforts to continue developing diverse and inclusive talent pipelines and expanding recruiting efforts. The Company also recently launched a formal Sponsorship and Mentorship Program. In addition to current initiatives, the DEI Department has established a five-year enterprise strategic plan to continue advancing DEI efforts throughout the organization. The Company's motivation is to be a healthy organization where Employees thrive, feel appreciated, valued, and have an authentic sense of belonging. 
 
 In 2022, the Company also published its first ever DEI Report. A companion piece to the Southwest One Report, the DEI Report takes a deeper dive into the Company's DEI goals and initiatives and highlights the expected path forward. Information contained in the DEI Report is not incorporated by reference into, and does not constitute a part of, this Form 10-K. While the Company believes that the disclosures contained in the DEI Report and other voluntary disclosures regarding ESG matters are responsive to various areas of investor interest, the Company believes that certain of these disclosures do not currently address matters that are material in the near term to the Company s operations, strategy, financial condition, or financial results, although this view may change in the future based on new information that could materially alter the estimates, assumptions, or timelines used to create these disclosures. Given the estimates, assumptions, and timelines used to create the DEI Report and other voluntary disclosures, the materiality of these disclosures is inherently difficult to assess in advance. 
 
 Additional Information About the Company 
 The Company was incorporated in Texas in 1967. The following documents are available free of charge through the Company's website, www.southwest.com: the Company s annual report on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, current reports on Form 8-K, and any amendments to those reports that are filed with or furnished to the SEC pursuant to Sections 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. These materials are made available through the Company's website as soon as reasonably practicable after they are electronically filed with, or 
 27 

Table of Contents 

 furnished to, the SEC. In addition to its reports filed or furnished with the SEC, the Company publicly discloses material information from time to time in its press releases, at annual meetings of Shareholders, in publicly accessible conferences and Investor presentations, and through its website (principally in its Press Room and Investor Relations pages). References to the Company's website in this Form 10-K are provided as a convenience and do not constitute, and should not be deemed, an incorporation by reference of the information contained on, or available through, the website, and such information should not be considered part of this Form 10-K. 
 28 

Table of Contents 

 DISCLOSURE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING INFORMATION 
 
 This Form 10-K contains "forward-looking statements" within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933 and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. Forward-looking statements are based on, and include statements about, the Company s estimates, expectations, beliefs, intentions, and strategies for the future, and the assumptions underlying these forward-looking statements. Specific forward-looking statements can be identified by the fact that they do not relate strictly to historical or current facts and include, without limitation, words such as "anticipates," "believes," "estimates," "expects," "intends," "may," "will," "would," "could," "plans," "goal," and similar expressions. Although management believes these forward-looking statements are reasonable as and when made, forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance and involve risks and uncertainties that are difficult to predict. Therefore, actual results may differ materially from what is expressed in or indicated by the Company's forward-looking statements or from historical experience or the Company's present expectations. Known material risk factors that could cause these differences are set forth below under "Risk Factors." Additional risks or uncertainties (i) that are not currently known to the Company, (ii) that the Company currently deems to be immaterial, or (iii) that could apply to any company, could also materially adversely affect the Company's business, financial condition, or future results. 
 
 Caution should be taken not to place undue reliance on the Company's forward-looking statements, which represent the Company's views only as of the date this Form 10-K is filed. The Company undertakes no obligation to update publicly or revise any forward-looking statement, whether as a result of new information, future events, or otherwise. 

Item 1A. Risk Factors 
 
 The Company s operations and financial results are subject to various risks and uncertainties, including but not limited to those described below. Other risks are described in Item 7. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations, Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk, and the Consolidated Financial Statements and related Notes thereto. The Company's business could also be affected by additional risks and uncertainties not currently known to the Company or that it currently deems to be immaterial. If any of these risks actually occur, it could materially harm the Company's business, financial condition, or results of operations, or impair the Company's ability to implement its strategic plans. In that case, the market price of the Company's common stock could decline. The following risk factors are summarized as financial; operational; information technology; COVID-19; and legal, regulatory, compliance, and reputational. 
 
 Financial Risks 
 
 The airline industry is particularly sensitive to changes in economic conditions, and continued or future unfavorable economic conditions could negatively affect the Company s results of operations and require the Company to adjust its business strategies. 
 The Company's business can be significantly impacted by the availability of jet fuel and high and/or volatile fuel prices, and the Company's operations are subject to disruption in the event of any delayed supply of fuel; therefore, the Company's strategic plans and future profitability are likely to be impacted by the Company's ability to effectively address fuel price increases and fuel price volatility and availability. 
 The Company's low-cost structure has historically been one of its primary competitive advantages, and many factors have affected and could continue to affect the Company's ability to control its costs. 
 The Company's results of operations could be adversely impacted if it is unable to effectively execute its strategic plans. 
 The airline industry is intensely competitive. 
 
 Operational Risks 
 
 29 

Table of Contents 

 The Company is currently dependent on Boeing as the sole manufacturer of the Company's aircraft. Prolonged delays in the FAA issuing required certifications or approvals for the -7, or further regulatory actions by the FAA with respect to the MAX aircraft, could materially and adversely affect the Company s business plans, strategies, and results of operations. 
 The Company's business is labor intensive, with most Employees represented by labor unions; therefore, the Company could be materially adversely affected in the event of conflict with its Employees or its Employees' representatives or if the Company were unable to employ sufficient numbers of qualified Employees to maintain its operations. 
 The Company is currently dependent on a single engine supplier, as well as single suppliers of certain other aircraft parts and equipment; therefore, the Company could be materially adversely affected (i) if it were unable to obtain timely or sufficient delivery of aircraft parts or equipment from Boeing or other suppliers or adequate maintenance or other support from any of these suppliers, (ii) if Boeing or other suppliers were unable to achieve and/or maintain required regulatory certifications or approvals of their parts or equipment, or (iii) in the event of a mechanical or regulatory issue associated with the Company's aircraft parts or equipment. 
 The airline industry has faced on-going security concerns and related cost burdens; further threatened or actual terrorist attacks, or other hostilities, even if not made directly on the airline industry, could significantly harm the airline industry and the Company's operations. 
 Interruptions or disruptions in service at one of the Company s core stations could have a material adverse impact on its operations. 
 The Company s operations have been, and in the future may again be, materially and adversely disrupted by extreme weather events. An inability to quickly and effectively restore operations following adverse weather or a localized disaster or disturbance in a key geography has adversely and materially impacted, and in the future could again adversely and materially impact, the Company s business, results of operations, and financial condition. 
 The airline industry is made up of inherently complex systems, and is affected by many conditions that are beyond its control, which can impact the Company's business strategies and results of operations. 
 
 Information Technology Risks 
 
 The Company is increasingly dependent on technology to operate its business and continues to implement substantial changes to its information systems; any failure, disruption, breach, or delay in implementation of the Company's information systems could materially adversely affect its operations. 
 Developing and expanding data security and privacy requirements could increase the Company's operating costs, and any failure of the Company to maintain the security of certain Customer, Employee, and business-related information could result in damage to the Company's reputation and could be costly to remediate. 
 
 COVID-19 Risks 
 
 The COVID-19 pandemic, including associated variants, has materially and adversely affected, and could in the future materially and adversely affect, the Company s results of operations, financial position, and liquidity. 
 The Company has entered into agreements with Treasury with respect to funding support; pursuant to these agreements the Company has agreed to certain restrictions on how it operates its business and uses its cash, which could limit the ability of the Company to take actions that it otherwise might have determined were in the best interests of the Company and its Shareholders. 
 
 Legal, Regulatory, Compliance, and Reputational Risks 
 
 The Company is subject to extensive FAA regulation that may necessitate modifications to the Company s operations, business plans, and strategies. 
 30 

Table of Contents 

 Airport capacity constraints and air traffic control inefficiencies have limited and could continue to limit the Company's growth; changes in or additional governmental regulation could increase the Company's operating costs or otherwise limit the Company's ability to conduct business. 
 The Company is subject to various environmental requirements and risks, including increased regulation, changing consumer preferences, physical, environmental, and climate risks, and risks associated with climate change. 
 The Company is subject to risks related to its voluntary sustainability goals and disclosures, which may affect stakeholder sentiment and the Company s reputation and brand. 
 The Company's future results will suffer if it is unable to effectively manage its international operations and/or Extended Operations. 
 The Company is currently subject to pending litigation, and if judgment were to be rendered against the Company in litigation, such judgment could adversely affect the Company's operating results. 
 Conflicting federal, state, and local laws and regulations may impose additional requirements and restrictions on the Company s operations, which could increase the Company s operating costs, result in service disruptions, and increase litigation risk. 
 The Company s reputation and brand could be harmed if it were to experience significant negative publicity through social media or otherwise, including with respect to the Company's voluntary ESG-related goals and disclosures. 
 The Company s Bylaws designate specific courts as the exclusive forum for certain legal actions between the Company and its Shareholders, which could increase costs to bring a claim, discourage claims, or limit the ability of the Company s Shareholders to bring a claim in a judicial forum viewed by the Shareholders as more favorable for disputes with the Company or the Company s directors, officers, or other Employees. 
 
 Financial Risks 
 
 The airline industry is particularly sensitive to changes in economic conditions; in the event of continued or future unfavorable economic conditions or economic uncertainty, the Company's results of operations could be further negatively affected, which could require the Company to further adjust its business strategies. 
 
 The airline industry, which is subject to relatively high fixed costs and highly variable and unpredictable demand, is particularly sensitive to changes in economic conditions, including changes in consumer discretionary spending as a result of inflation, rising interest rates, or other factors. Historically, unfavorable U.S. economic conditions have driven changes in travel patterns and have resulted in reduced spending for both leisure and business travel. For some consumers, leisure travel is a discretionary expense, and short-haul travelers, in particular, have the option to replace air travel with surface travel. As has become particularly evident as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic, businesses and other travelers are able to forego air travel by using other communications such as videoconferencing, business communication platforms, and the Internet. In addition, to the extent business travel recovers from the COVID-19 pandemic, businesses may require the purchase of less expensive tickets to reduce costs. This, in turn, can result in a decrease in average revenue per seat. During unfavorable economic conditions, low fares are often used to stimulate traffic. However, offering low fares typically hampers the ability of airlines to counteract any increases in fuel, labor, and other costs. Any continuing or future U.S. or global economic uncertainty could further negatively affect the Company's results of operations and could cause the Company to further adjust its business strategies. Additionally, because expenses of a flight do not vary significantly with the number of passengers carried, a relatively small change in the number of passengers can have a disproportionate effect on an airline s operating and financial results. Therefore, any general reduction in airline passenger traffic could adversely affect the Company's results of operations . 
 
 The Company's business can be significantly impacted by the availability of jet fuel and high and/or volatile fuel prices, and the Company's operations are subject to disruption in the event of any delayed supply of fuel; therefore, the Company's strategic plans and future profitability are likely to be impacted by the Company's ability to effectively address fuel price increases and fuel price volatility and availability. 
 
 31 

Table of Contents 

 Airlines are inherently dependent upon energy to operate, and jet fuel and oil represented approximately 26.2 percent of the Company's operating expenses for 2022. As discussed under "Business - Cost Structure," Fuel and oil expense for 2022 increased significantly compared with 2021, primarily due to higher market jet fuel prices and in part due to higher capacity in response to consumer demand. The cost of fuel can be extremely volatile and unpredictable and subject to factors outside of the Company s control. Even a small change in market fuel prices can significantly affect profitability. Furthermore, volatility in fuel prices can be due to many external factors that are beyond the Company's control. For example, fuel prices can be impacted by political, environmental (including those related to climate change), and economic factors, such as (i) dependency on foreign imports of crude oil and the potential for hostilities or other conflicts in oil producing areas; (ii) limitations and/or disruptions in domestic refining or pipeline operations or capacity due to weather, natural disasters, or other factors; (iii) worldwide demand for fuel, particularly in developing countries, which can result in inflated energy prices; (iv) changes in U.S. governmental policies on fuel production, transportation, taxes, and marketing; and (v) changes in currency exchange rates. In addition, the occurrence of extreme weather events (regardless of cause), such as flooding, acute or prolonged winter storms, tropical storms, and hurricanes, can also disrupt the jet fuel supply chain and affect fuel prices. 
 
 The Company's ability to mitigate the impact of fuel price increases could also be limited by factors such as its historical low-fare reputation, the portion of its Customer base that purchases travel for leisure purposes, the competitive nature of the airline industry generally, and the risk that higher fares will drive a decrease in demand. The Company attempts to manage its risk associated with volatile jet fuel prices by utilizing over-the-counter fuel derivative instruments to hedge a portion of its future jet fuel purchases. However, energy prices can fluctuate significantly in a relatively short amount of time. Because the Company uses a variety of different derivative instruments at different price points, the Company is subject to the risk that the fuel derivatives it uses will not provide adequate protection against significant increases in fuel prices and in some cases could in fact result in hedging losses, which could result in the Company effectively paying higher than market prices for fuel, thus creating additional volatility in the Company's earnings. 
 
 In addition, the Company is subject to the risk that its fuel derivatives will no longer qualify for hedge accounting under applicable accounting standards, or that the derivative instruments utilized will not effectively offset changes in the price of the jet fuel consumed, which can create additional earnings volatility. Adjustments in the Company's overall fuel hedging strategy, as well as the ability of the commodities used in fuel hedging to qualify for special hedge accounting, could continue to affect the Company's results of operations. In addition, there can be no assurance that the Company will be able to cost-effectively hedge against increases in fuel prices. 
 
 The Company's fuel hedging arrangements and the various potential impacts of hedge accounting on the Company's financial position, cash flows, and results of operations are discussed in more detail under "Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations," "Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk," and in Note 1 and Note 11 to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 
 The Company is also reliant upon the readily available supply and timely delivery of jet fuel to the airports that it serves. A disruption in that supply could present significant challenges to the Company's operations and could ultimately cause the cancellation of flights and/or the inability of the Company to provide service to a particular airport. The airline industry could face potential fuel shortages in 2023 due to pipeline capacity constraints resulting from the shifting of jet fuel allocations during the COVID-19 pandemic as well as a national shortage of interstate trucking capacity. The Company is working with aviation industry stakeholders to address these issues. However, unless there is additional jet fuel distribution capacity, whether by pipeline and/or by truck, there could be temporary disruptions (e.g., flight cancellations or passenger caps) at one or more of the Company s airports in 2023, especially during peak travel periods. For additional discussion of the availability of jet fuel and SAF, please see The Company is subject to risks related to its voluntary sustainability goals and disclosures, which may affect stakeholder sentiment and the Company s reputation and brand. 
 
 The Company's low-cost structure has historically been one of its primary competitive advantages, and many factors have affected and could continue to affect the Company's ability to control its costs. 
 32 

Table of Contents 

The Company's low-cost structure has been one of its primary competitive advantages, as it has generally enabled the Company to offer low fares, drive traffic volume, grow market share, and protect profits. The COVID-19 pandemic has forced the Company and the Company's competitors to implement significant cost reduction measures. Competitor cost reduction measures such as accelerated fleet retirements, capacity cuts, and network reductions, could have a negative impact on the Company's relative cost position. 
 
 Even before the pandemic, the Company's low-cost position had been challenged by the significant growth of "Ultra-Low Cost Carriers" ("ULCCs"), which in some cases have surpassed the Company's cost advantage with larger aircraft, increased seat density, and lower wages. ULCCs have further introduced "unbundled" service offerings which appeal to price-sensitive travelers through promotion to consumers of an extremely low relative base fare for a seat, while separately charging for related services and products. In response, most major U.S. airlines now offer expanded cabin segmentation fare products, such as "basic economy" and "premium economy" products. A basic economy product provides for a lower base fare to compete with a ULCC base fare, but may include significant additional restrictions on amenities such as seat assignments (including restrictions on group and family seating), order of boarding, checked baggage and use of overhead bin space, flight changes and refunds, and eligibility for upgrades. A "premium economy" fare targets consumers willing to pay a premium for certain amenities that were previously included in the carriers' base fare (e.g., more favorable seating locations in the main cabin). Also in response to competitive ULCC pricing, some carriers removed fare floors for certain routes, leading to a lower fare offering across the industry. 
 
 The Company's low-cost structure can also be negatively impacted by costs over which the Company has limited control. These include costs such as fuel, labor, airport, and regulatory compliance costs. Jet fuel and oil constituted approximately 26.2 percent of the Company's operating expenses during 2022, and the Company's ability to control the cost of fuel is subject to the external factors discussed in The Company's business can be significantly impacted by the availability of jet fuel and high and/or volatile fuel prices, and the Company's operations are subject to disruption in the event of any delayed supply of fuel; therefore, the Company's strategic plans and future profitability are likely to be impacted by the Company's ability to effectively address fuel price increases and fuel price volatility and availability. 
 
 Salaries, wages, and benefits constituted approximately 41.0 percent of the Company's operating expenses during 2022. The Company's ability to control labor costs is limited by the terms of its collective-bargaining agreements. This limited control has negatively impacted the Company's low-cost position, in particular in the context of the Company's cost reduction efforts during the COVID-19 pandemic. As discussed further under "Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations," the Company's unionized workforce makes up approximately 83 percent of its Employees and has had pay scale increases as a result of contractual rate increases, which has put pressure on the Company's labor costs. Additionally, as indicated under "Business - Employees," the majority of Southwest's unionized Employees, including its Pilots; Flight Attendants; Ramp, Operations, Provisioning, and Freight Agents; and Meteorologists are in unions currently in negotiations for labor agreements, which could result in additional pressure on the Company's low-cost structure. Further, in response to staffing challenges, the Company has increased the minimum pay for certain of its workforce and provided incentive pay in certain instances. 
 
 As discussed under "Business - Regulation," the airline industry is heavily regulated, and the Company's regulatory compliance costs are subject to potentially significant increases from time to time based on actions by regulatory agencies that are out of the Company's control. Additionally, because of airport infrastructure updates and other factors, the Company has experienced increased space rental rates at various airports in its network. Further, the Company cannot control decisions by other airlines to reduce their capacity. When this occurs, as it has at times during the pandemic, certain fixed airport costs are allocated among a fewer number of total flights, which can result in increased landing fees and other costs for the Company. 
 
 The Company is reliant upon third-party vendors and service providers, and the Company's low-cost advantage is dependent in part on its ability to obtain and maintain commercially reasonable terms with those parties. Disruptions 
 33 

Table of Contents 

 to capital markets, shortages of skilled personnel, supply chain disruptions, increased regulation, geopolitical developments, and/or adverse economic conditions could subject certain of the Company's third-party vendors and service providers to significant financial pressures, which could lead to delays and other performance issues, ceased operations, or even bankruptcies among these third-party vendors and service providers. If a third-party vendor or service provider is unable to fulfill its commitments to the Company, the Company may be unable to replace that third-party vendor or service provider in a short period of time, or at competitive terms, which could have a material adverse effect on the Company's results of operations. 
 
 As discussed under "Business - Insurance," the Company carries insurance of types customary in the airline industry. Although the Company has been able to purchase aviation, property, liability, pollution, cybersecurity, and D O/fiduciary insurance via the commercial insurance marketplace, costs have generally increased, and it is more difficult and, in some cases not possible, to obtain insurance for certain activities and weather-related events. For instance, the cost of insurance premiums related to hail and wind damage has increased for certain facilities, and certain flood insurance is no longer available. Available commercial insurance could be more expensive in the future and/or have material differences in coverage than insurance that has historically been provided and may not be adequate to protect against the Company's risk of loss from future events, including acts of terrorism and severe weather events. With respect to any insurance claims, policy coverages and claims are subject to acceptance by the many insurers involved and may require arbitration and/or mediation to effectively settle the claims over prolonged periods of time. In addition, an aircraft accident or other incident involving Southwest could result in costs in excess of its related insurance coverage, which costs could be substantial. Any aircraft accident or other incident involving Southwest, even if fully insured, could also have a material adverse effect on the public's perception of the Company, which could harm its reputation and business. 
 
 As discussed below under "Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations," the Company experienced significant unit cost pressure in 2020, 2021, and 2022 following the onset of the COVID-19 pandemic. Except for changes in the price of fuel, changes in operating expenses for airlines have been largely driven by changes in capacity. However, the Company's operating expenses are largely fixed once flight schedules are published; and the Company experienced capacity lower than 2019 during 2020, 2021, and 2022 due to the COVID-19 pandemic, which has continued to pressure unit costs. During the COVID-19 pandemic, the Company has made schedule adjustments based on consumer demand, booking trends, and available crew resources. The limits on availability of crew resources could continue to require the Company to make additional schedule adjustments and could have a material adverse impact on the Company's results of operations. 
 
 The Company's results of operations could be adversely impacted if it is unable to effectively execute its strategic plans. 
 
 The Company is reliant on the success of its revenue strategies and other strategic plans and initiatives to grow and to help offset increasing costs. The execution of the Company's strategic plans has been significantly negatively affected by the COVID-19 pandemic. Nevertheless, the Company began to take actions in 2021 and 2022 to add staffing and increase the starting wage rate for certain workgroups, manage its fleet and fleet order book, and better optimize its network in an effort to position itself to opportunistically recover and grow as the pandemic subsides. The timely and effective execution of the Company's strategies is dependent upon, among other factors, (i) the Company's ability to balance its network schedule and capacity with the availability and location of its crew resources; (ii) the Company's ability to effectively balance its investment of incremental operating expenses and capital expenditures related to its strategies against the need to effectively control costs; (iii) the Company's ability to timely and effectively implement, transition, and maintain related information technology systems and infrastructure; (iv) as discussed below, the Company s ability to maintain satisfactory relations with its Employees or its Employees representatives; and (v) the Company's dependence on third parties with respect to the execution of its strategic plans . 
 
 The airline industry is intensely competitive. 
 
 34 

Table of Contents 

 As discussed in more detail under "Business - Competition," the airline industry is intensely competitive. The Company's primary competitors include other major domestic airlines, as well as regional and new entrant airlines, surface transportation, and alternatives to transportation such as videoconferencing, business communication platforms, and the Internet. The Company's revenues are sensitive to the actions of other carriers with respect to pricing, routes, loyalty programs, scheduling, capacity, customer service, operational reliability, comfort and amenities, cost structure, aircraft fleet, strategic alliances, and code-sharing and similar activities. 
 
 Operational Risks 
 
 The Company is currently dependent on Boeing as the sole manufacturer of the Company's aircraft. Prolonged delays in the FAA issuing required certifications or approvals for the -7, or further regulatory actions by the FAA with respect to the MAX aircraft, could materially and adversely affect the Company s business plans, strategies, and results of operations. 
 
 The Boeing 737 MAX aircraft are crucial to the Company s growth plans and fleet modernization initiatives. The Company operates the -8 out of the 737 MAX family of aircraft and is awaiting delivery of the -7 out of the 737 MAX family of aircraft. The Company's contractual delivery schedule for the -7 is dependent on the FAA issuing required certifications and approvals to Boeing and the Company. The FAA will ultimately determine the timing of the -7 certification and entry into service, and the Company therefore offers no assurances that current estimations and timelines are correct. 
 
 Boeing no longer manufactures versions of the 737 other than the 737 MAX family of aircraft. If the 737 MAX aircraft were to again become unavailable for the Company s flight operations, or if the -7 certification is not completed in a timely manner, the Company s growth would be restricted unless and until it could procure and operate other types of aircraft from Boeing or another manufacturer, seller, or lessor, and the Company s operations would be materially adversely affected. In particular, if the Company s growth were to be dependent upon the introduction of a new aircraft make and model to the Company s fleet, the Company would need to, among other things, (i) develop and implement new maintenance, operating, and training programs; (ii) secure extensive regulatory approvals; and (iii) implement new technologies. The requirements associated with operating a new aircraft make and model could take an extended period of time to fulfill and would likely impose substantial costs on the Company. A shift away from a single fleet type could also add complexity to the Company s operations, present operational and compliance risks and materially increase the Company's costs. Any of these events would have a material, adverse effect on the Company's business, operating results, and financial condition. The Company could also be materially adversely affected if the pricing or operational attributes of its aircraft were to become less competitive. 
 
 The Company's business is labor intensive, with most Employees represented by labor unions; therefore, the Company could be materially adversely affected in the event of conflict with its Employees or its Employees' representatives. 
 
 The airline business is labor intensive, and for the year ended December 31, 2022, Salaries, wages, and benefits expense represented approximately 41.0 percent of the Company's operating expenses. As of December 31, 2022, approximately 83 percent of the Company's Employees were represented for collective bargaining purposes by labor unions, making the Company particularly exposed in the event of labor-related job actio ns. Employment-related matters (some of which relate to negotiated items) that have impacted the Company's results of operations include hiring/retention rates, attendance, pay rates, outsourcing, work rules, health care costs, and retirement benefits. Additionally, the majority of the Company s unionized Employees are in unions currently in negotiations for labor agreements which could result in additional pressure on the Company's low-cost structure. The Company s results could be materially adversely affected in the event of conflicts with its Employees or its Employees representatives. 
 
 The Company s business is labor intensive; therefore, the Company would be adversely affected if it were to continue to be unable to employ sufficient numbers of qualified Employees to maintain its operations. 
 
 35 

Table of Contents 

 The Company s success depends on its ability to attract and retain skilled personnel. The impact of the COVID-19 pandemic has heightened the Company s exposure to its labor risks. In connection with the drastic reduction in travel demand due to the pandemic, in 2020 the Company offered voluntary separation and extended time-off programs to Employees. This negatively impacted the Company's ability to staff appropriately when demand for leisure travel returned. At the same time, competition for skilled personnel became fierce, which led to operational challenges in the first half of 2022. In addition, the Company has been required to provide incentive pay and increase certain starting wage rates to address these challenges. Staffing-related challenges could continue to intensify and limit the Company's ability to optimally adjust capacity. The inability to recruit and retain skilled personnel or the unexpected loss of key skilled personnel could continue to adversely affect the Company s operations. 
 
 The Company is currently dependent on a single engine supplier, as well as single suppliers of certain other aircraft parts and equipment; therefore, the Company could be materially adversely affected (i) if it were unable to obtain timely or sufficient delivery of aircraft parts or equipment from Boeing or other suppliers or adequate maintenance or other support from any of these suppliers, (ii) if Boeing or other suppliers were unable to achieve and/or maintain required regulatory certifications or approvals of their parts or equipment, or (iii) in the event of a mechanical or regulatory issue associated with the Company's aircraft parts or equipment. 
 
 The Company is dependent on Boeing as its sole supplier for many of its aircraft parts. The Company is also dependent on sole or limited suppliers for certain other aircraft parts, equipment, and services. If Boeing, or other suppliers, were unable or unwilling to timely provide adequate products or support for their products, were unable to achieve and/or maintain required regulatory certifications or approvals of their parts or equipment, or in the event of a mechanical or regulatory issue associated with engines or other parts, the Company's operations could be materially adversely affected. The Company could also be materially adversely affected if the pricing or operational attributes of its aircraft equipment were to become less competitive. 
 
 The airline industry has faced on-going security concerns and related cost burdens; further threatened or actual terrorist attacks, or other hostilities, even if not made directly on the airline industry, could significantly harm the airline industry and the Company's operations. 
 
 Terrorist attacks or other crimes and hostilities, actual and threatened, have from time to time materially adversely affected the demand for air travel and also have necessitated increased safety and security measures and related costs for the Company and the airline industry generally. Safety and security measures can create delays and inconveniences, which in turn can reduce the Company's competitiveness against surface transportation for short-haul routes and alternatives to transportation such as videoconferencing, business communication platforms, and the Internet. Additional terrorist attacks or other hostilities, even if not made directly on the airline industry, or the fear of such attacks or other hostilities (including elevated national threat warnings, government travel warnings to certain destinations, travel restrictions, or selective cancellation or redirection of flights due to terror threats) would likely have a further significant negative impact on the Company and the airline industry. 
 
 Interruptions or disruptions in service at one of the Company s core stations could have a material adverse impact on its operations. 
 
 In recent years, the Company has increasingly focused on designing its network around core stations in an effort to provide greater connectivity and support operational reliability and recoverability. A significant interruption or disruption in service at one of the Company s core stations, resulting from air traffic control systems, weather incidents, performance by third-party service providers, interruption of the Company s technology, the availability and location of the Company s crew resources, fuel supplies, or otherwise, could result in the cancellation or delay of a significant portion of the Company s flights and, as a result, could have a severe impact on its business, results of operations and financial condition. 
 
 The Company s operations have been, and in the future may again be, materially and adversely disrupted by extreme weather events. An inability to quickly and effectively restore operations following adverse weather or 
 36 

Table of Contents 

 a localized disaster or disturbance in a key geography has adversely and materially impacted, and in the future could again adversely and materially impact, the Company s business, results of operations, and financial condition. 
 
 While the Company operates across a diverse geographic footprint, its operations at times have been adversely and materially impacted by severe weather, such as Hurricanes Harvey and Irma in 2017 and Winter Storm Elliott in December 2022. Depending on location, the Company s assets and route network are or could be exposed to ongoing risks arising from a variety of adverse weather conditions or localized natural or manmade disasters such as earthquakes, volcanoes, wildfires, hurricanes, tropical storms, tornadoes, floods, sea-level rise, severe winter weather, sustained or extreme cold or heat, drought, or other disturbances, actual or threatened. Extreme weather conditions, including increases in the frequency, severity, or duration of severe weather events (whether or not caused by anthropogenic climate change), can disrupt air travel from time to time, ground planes, damage equipment and increase maintenance costs, cause delays and cancellations or other network disruptions, require implementation of weight limitations due to increased temperatures, increase turbulence-related injuries, cause increases in fuel consumption to avoid such weather, disrupt the Company s supply chains (including fuel, parts, and service provider disruptions), and otherwise adversely affect the Company s assets, operations, and infrastructure. These events can decrease revenue, increase costs, and adversely impact the Company s financial condition. Prolonged interruptions or disruptions at airports can and do also adversely impact the Company s business and results of operations. The Company also may incur significant costs to reestablish or relocate affected business functions, aircraft, and Employees. Moreover, any resulting economic dislocations could adversely affect demand for the Company s services, resulting in an adverse effect on its business, results of operations, and financial condition . 
 
 The airline industry is made up of inherently complex systems, and is affected by many conditions that are beyond its control, which can impact the Company's business strategies and results of operations. 
 
 In addition to the unpredictable economic conditions and fuel costs previously discussed, the Company, like the airline industry in general, is affected by conditions that are largely unforeseeable and outside of its control, including, among others: 
 
 adverse weather and natural disasters and the associated effects on the Company's operations, which have, in certain circumstances, such as Winter Storm Elliott, impacted the Company's operational recovery to a greater degree than other airlines; 
 changes in consumer preferences, perceptions, spending patterns, or demographic trends (including, for example, changes in travel patterns due to weather, government restrictions or sequestration); 
 actual or potential disruptions in the air traffic control system (including, for example, as a result of FAA system outages or inadequate FAA staffing levels due to government restrictions or sequestration); 
 actual or perceived delays at various airports resulting from government restrictions (including, for example, longer wait-times at TSA checkpoints due to inadequate TSA staffing levels); 
 changes in the competitive environment due to industry consolidation, industry bankruptcies, and other factors; 
 delays in deliveries of new aircraft (including, for example, due to delays in FAA certification or due to the closure of the FAA's aircraft registry during government restrictions); 
 collective bargaining requirements and demands; 
 reliance on third-party facilities, goods, and/or services essential to its operations and/or business such as airports, de-icing services, fuel supply and delivery, and weather data and other critical information; 
 outbreaks of disease such as the COVID-19 pandemic; and 
 actual or threatened war, terrorist attacks, government travel warnings to certain destinations, travel restrictions, and political instability. 
 
 37 

Table of Contents 

 Because airline systems are inherently and unavoidably complex, large or small events, especially when in combination, can create opportunity for a systemic incident. The potential triggers for incidents and failures change constantly because of changing technology, work organization, efforts to eradicate those potential triggers, and other factors. Events or combinations of events such as those described above, have had, and could have, a material adverse effect on the Company s business, results of operations, and financial condition. 
 
 Information Technology Risks 
 
 The Company is increasingly dependent on technology to operate its business and continues to implement substantial changes to its information systems; any failure, disruption, breach, or delay in implementation of the Company's information systems could materially adversely affect its operations. 
 
 The Company is increasingly dependent on the use of complex technology and systems to run its ongoing operations and support its strategic objectives. These technologies and systems include, among others, the Company's website and reservation system; flight dispatch and tracking systems; flight simulators; check-in kiosks; aircraft maintenance, planning, and record keeping systems; telecommunications systems; flight planning and scheduling systems; crew scheduling systems; human resources systems; and financial planning, management, and accounting systems. The performance, reliability, and security of the Company's technology infrastructure and supporting systems are critical to the Company's operations and initiatives. 
 
 Implementation and integration of complex systems and technology present significant challenges in terms of costs, human resources, and development of effective internal controls. Implementation and integration require a balancing between the introduction of new capabilities and the managing of existing systems, and present the risk of operational or security inadequacy or interruption, which could materially affect the Company's ability to effectively operate its business and/or could negatively impact the Company's results of operations. 
 
 The Company is also reliant upon the performance of third parties for timely and effective implementation and support of many of its technology initiatives, to provide required data and information services, and for maintaining adequate information security measures within the services and/or software they deliver, and such third parties are occasionally not timely in providing the services required by the Company. If any of the Company's significant technologies or automated systems were to cease functioning, or if its third-party service providers or data providers were to fail to adequately and timely provide required information or reports, technical support, system maintenance, security, or software upgrades for any of the Company's existing systems, the Company could experience service interruptions, delays, and loss of critical data, which could harm its operations and result in financial losses and reputational damage. 
 
 In the ordinary course of business, the Company's systems will continue to require modification and refinements to address operational reliability, growth, and changing business requirements. In addition, the Company's systems may require modification to enable the Company to comply with changing regulatory requirements. Modifications and refinements to the Company's systems have been and are expected to continue to be expensive to implement and can divert management s attention from other matters. In addition, the Company's operations could be adversely affected, or the Company could face imposition of regulatory penalties, if it were unable to timely or effectively modify its systems as necessary or appropriately balance the introduction of new capabilities with the management of existing systems. 
 
 The Company has experienced material technology system interruptions and delays that have made its websites and operational systems unavailable or slow to respond, which has prevented the Company from efficiently processing Customer transactions or providing services. Any future system interruptions or delays could reduce the Company's operating revenues and the attractiveness of its services, as well as increase the Company's costs. Similarly, the Company has experienced operational challenges in connection with severe weather events and associated crew scheduling, such as during and subsequent to Winter Storm Elliott. While the Company is still assessing the causes of the disruption, the Company s preliminary assessment is that the crew scheduling software worked as designed during this event. However, due to a number of factors, including unanticipated changes in the severity of the 
 38 

Table of Contents 

 weather, the Company began implementing frequent close-in flight cancellations. As the situation escalated and close-in flight cancellations grew, the volume of unanticipated changes was too great to efficiently address through the crew scheduling software, resulting in individual crew member assignment updates being delayed in a significant number of instances. Without updated, accurate crew member data, the Company s crew scheduling software could not reassign crew members to solve for flights with crew coverage issues. As a result, the Company is working to enhance its crew scheduling software to help the Company during events that could result in a large number of broken crew pairings. The Company believes the unanticipated crew scheduling challenges, together with several other factors, contributed to the extent of the operational disruption. Any future operational disruptions or delays could reduce the Company s operating revenues and the attractiveness of its services, as well as increase the Company s costs. 
 
 The Company's technologies and related systems and functions could be damaged or interrupted by catastrophic events beyond its control such as fires, floods, earthquakes, tornadoes and hurricanes, power loss, computer and telecommunications failures, acts of war or terrorism, computer viruses, malware, ransomware, security breaches, and similar events or disruptions generally beyond the Company s control. Any of these events could cause system interruptions, delays, and loss of critical data, and could prevent the Company from processing Customer transactions or providing services, which could make the Company's business and services less attractive and subject the Company to liability. Any of these events could damage the Company's reputation and be expensive to remedy. 
 
 Developing and expanding data security and privacy requirements could increase the Company's operating costs, and any failure of the Company to maintain the security of certain Customer, Employee, and business-related information could result in damage to the Company's reputation and could be costly to remediate. Many of these laws and regulations are subject to change and reinterpretation, and could result in claims, changes to the Company s business practices, monetary penalties, increased cost of operations, or other harm to the Company s business. 
 
 The Company must receive information related to its Customers and Employees in order to run its business, and the Company's operations depend upon secure retention and the secure transmission of information over public networks, including information permitting cashless payments. This information is subject to the continually evolving risk of intrusion, tampering, and theft. Although the Company maintains systems to prevent or defend against these risks, these systems require ongoing monitoring and updating as technologies change, and security could be compromised, personal or confidential information could be misappropriated, or system disruptions could occur. In the ordinary course of its business, the Company also provides certain confidential, proprietary, and personal information to third parties. While the Company seeks to obtain assurances that these third parties will protect this information, there is a risk the security of data held by third parties could be breached. A compromise of the Company's security systems could adversely affect the Company's reputation and disrupt its operations and could also result in litigation against the Company or the imposition of penalties. In addition, it could be costly to remediate. Although the Company has not experienced cyber incidents that are individually, or in the aggregate, material, the Company has experienced cyber-attacks in the past, which have thus far been mitigated by preventative, detective, and responsive measures put in place by the Company. 
 
 In addition, in response to these types of threats, there has been heightened legislative and regulatory focus on data privacy and security in the United States and elsewhere. The regulatory framework for data privacy and security worldwide is continuously evolving and developing and, as a result, the Company must monitor a growing and fast-evolving set of legal requirements in this area. This regulatory environment is increasingly challenging and may present material obligations and risks to the Company's business, including significantly expanded compliance requirements, costs, and enforcement risks. It is possible that these types of inquiries regarding cybersecurity breaches increase in frequency and scope. In addition, new laws, amendments to or reinterpretations of existing laws, regulations, standards, and other obligations may require the Company to incur additional costs and restrict its business operations, and may require the Company to change how it uses, collects, stores, transfers, or otherwise processes certain types of personal information and to implement new processes to comply with those laws and its Customers exercise of their rights thereunder. These laws also are not uniform, as certain laws may be more 
 39 

Table of Contents 

 stringent or broader in scope, or offer greater individual rights, with respect to sensitive and personal information, and such laws may differ from each other, which may complicate compliance efforts. Compliance in the event of a widespread data breach may be costly. Any failure or perceived failure by the Company or its third-party service providers to comply with any applicable federal, state, or similar foreign laws, rules, regulations, industry standards, policies, certifications, or orders relating to data privacy and security, or any compromise of security that results in the theft, unauthorized access, acquisition, use, disclosure, or misappropriation of personal data or other customer data, could result in significant awards, fines, civil and/or criminal penalties or judgments, proceedings, or litigation by governmental agencies or customers, including class action privacy litigation in certain jurisdictions and negative publicity and reputational harm, one or all of which could have an adverse effect on the Company s reputation, business, financial condition, and results of operations. 
 
 The Company has a dedicated cybersecurity team and program that focuses on current and emerging data security matters. The Company continues to assess and invest in the growing needs of the cybersecurity team through the allocation of skilled personnel, ongoing training, and support of the adoption and implementation of technologies coupled with cybersecurity risk management frameworks. Additionally, as cyber incidents and disruptions to technology networks become increasingly sophisticated, the Company may also incur significant costs to modify, upgrade, or enhance its cybersecurity measures to protect against such attacks. The Company may not be able to anticipate, detect, or prevent cyberattacks or security breaches, particularly because the methodologies used by attackers change frequently or may not be recognized until such attack is launched, and because attackers are increasingly using technologies specifically designed to circumvent cybersecurity measures and avoid detection. 
 
 During the majority of 2020, and continuing through 2021 and 2022, the Company has offered the ability to work remotely to many of the Company's office and clerical Employees, including many of its Employees at the Company's headquarters campus. Maintaining a remote work force significantly increases the risk of cyber incidents and events, such as computer viruses and security breaches, due to increased targeted attacks, which have thus far been mitigated by preventative, detective, and responsive measures put in place by the Company. 
 
 The Company carries a cybersecurity insurance policy with regards to data protection and business interruption associated with both security breaches from malicious parties and from certain system failures. However, available cybersecurity insurance with regards to data protection and business interruption could be more expensive in the future and/or have material differences in coverage than insurance that has historically been provided and may not be adequate to protect the Company's risk of loss of its data or proprietary and confidential information. 
 
 COVID-19 Risks 
 
 The COVID-19 pandemic, including associated variants, has materially and adversely affected, and could in the future materially and adversely affect, the Company s results of operations, financial position, and liquidity . 
 
 The COVID-19 pandemic, including associated variants materially and adversely affected passenger demand and bookings, thereby materially and adversely affecting operating income and cash flows from operations during 2020, 2021, and early 2022. Any further impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on the Company s business and its financial and operational performance will depend on future developments, including (i) the duration, spread, severity, or any recurrence of the COVID-19 pandemic, including through any new variant strains of the underlying virus; (ii) the effectiveness, availability, and usage of vaccines; (iii) the impact of government mandates, directives, orders, regulations, and other governmental actions related to the COVID-19 pandemic; (iv) the extent of the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on overall demand for air travel and the Company's related business plans and decisions; (v) the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on the Company's ability to retain key Employees; and (vi) the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on the Company s access to capital, all of which are highly uncertain and cannot be predicted. 
 
 The COVID-19 pandemic may also materially and adversely affect the Company s supply chain. For example, the Company is dependent on Boeing as its sole supplier for many of its aircraft parts. The Company is also dependent on (i) sole or limited suppliers for aircraft engines and certain other aircraft parts, equipment, and services; (ii) third- 
 40 

Table of Contents 

 party vendors; and (iii) service providers. The COVID-19 pandemic has resulted, and could continue to result, in delays and other performance issues, ceased operations, or even bankruptcies among these suppliers, third-party vendors, and service providers. Further failures of suppliers, third-party vendors, or service providers to timely provide adequate products or support for their products, or otherwise fulfill their commitments to the Company, could materially adversely affect the Company s operations. 
 
 The effects of the COVID-19 pandemic on the financial markets may materially and adversely affect the Company s access to capital and cost of capital, including its ability to raise funds through equity or debt financings. If the Company s credit ratings were to be downgraded, or general market conditions were to ascribe higher risk to the Company s rating levels, the airline industry, or the Company, the Company s access to capital and the cost of any debt financing would be negatively affected. The terms of future debt agreements could include more restrictive covenants or require incremental collateral, which could further restrict the Company s business operations. There is no guarantee that debt or equity financings will be available in the future to fund the Company s obligations, or that they will be available on terms consistent with the Company s expectations. 
 
 Some businesses have continued to restrict non-essential travel for their employees, which has kept demand for business air travel below pre-pandemic levels. Consumer behavior related to traveling may continue to be negatively impacted by adverse changes in business travel patterns or adverse changes in the perceived or actual economic climate, including declines in income levels and/or loss of wealth resulting from the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic or from economic conditions. The COVID-19 pandemic continues to evolve. 
 
 The Company has entered into agreements with Treasury with respect to funding support; pursuant to these agreements the Company has agreed to certain restrictions on how it operates its business and uses its cash, which could limit the ability of the Company to take actions that it otherwise might have determined were in the best interests of the Company and its Shareholders. 
 
 Since the start of the pandemic, the Company entered into definitive documentation with Treasury with respect to Payroll Support pursuant to three separate Payroll Support programs: the "PSP1 Payroll Support Program" in April 2020 under the Coronavirus Aid, Relief, and Economic Security Act; the "PSP2 Payroll Support Program in January 2021 under the Consolidated Appropriations Act, 2021; and the "PSP3 Payroll Support Program" in April 2021 under the American Rescue Plan Act of 2021. Pursuant to these agreements, the Company has agreed to certain ongoing restrictions on, and requirements with respect to, its business and operations, including the following: 
 
 The Company was prohibited from repurchasing its common stock and from paying dividends or making capital contributions with respect to its common stock through September 30, 2022; 
 The Company must place certain restrictions on certain higher-paid employee and executive pay, including limiting pay increases and severance pay or other benefits upon terminations, until April 1, 2023; and 
 The Company must maintain certain internal controls and records relating to the Payroll Support funds, and is subject to additional reporting requirements. 
 
 These restrictions and requirements may necessitate that the Company take, or limit taking, actions it might otherwise believe to be in the best interests of the Company and its Shareholders. For example, the restrictions could require that the Company change certain of its business practices, risk the Company's ability to retain key personnel, and expose the Company to additional costs (including increased compliance costs). 
 
 Legal, Regulatory, Compliance, and Reputational Risks 
 
 The Company is subject to extensive FAA regulation that may necessitate modifications to the Company s operations, business plans, and strategies. 
 
 The FAA promulgates and enforces regulations affecting the airline industry, and exercises extensive regulatory oversight of the Company s operations. The FAA from time to time also issues orders or directives relating to the 
 41 

Table of Contents 

 maintenance and operation of aircraft. FAA orders and directives can be issued with little or no notice, and in certain instances, require the temporary grounding of aircraft and/or the responsive investment of operational and financial resources. The issuance of new FAA regulations, regulatory amendments, or orders or directives, such as FAA restrictions associated with certain wireless telecommunications systems, could result in flight schedule adjustments and groundings or delays in aircraft deliveries, as well as lower operating revenues, operating income, and net income due to a variety of factors, including, among others, (i) lost revenue due to flight cancellations and disruptions as a result of a smaller operating aircraft fleet, (ii) the lack of ability to make corresponding reductions in expenses because of the fixed nature of many expenses, and (iii) possible negative effects on Customer confidence and airline choice. Government regulation affecting the Company is discussed in more detail in Airport capacity constraints and air traffic control inefficiencies have limited and could continue to limit the Company's growth; changes in or additional governmental regulation could increase the Company's operating costs or otherwise limit the Company's ability to conduct business and under Business - Regulation. 
 
 Airport capacity constraints and air traffic control inefficiencies have limited and could continue to limit the Company's growth; changes in or additional governmental regulation could increase the Company's operating costs or otherwise limit the Company's ability to conduct business. 
 
 Almost all commercial service airports are owned and/or operated by units of local or state governments. Airlines are largely dependent on these governmental entities to provide adequate airport facilities and capacity at an affordable cost. In order to operate efficiently, as well as to add service in current and new markets, the Company must be able to maintain and/or obtain space and facilities at desirable airports with adequate infrastructure. Airport space, facility, and infrastructure constraints may prevent the Company from maintaining existing service and/or implementing new service in a commercially viable manner. 
 
 Similarly, the federal government singularly controls all U.S. airspace, and airlines are dependent on the FAA controlling that airspace in a safe and efficient manner. The current air traffic control system is mainly radar-based, supported in large part by antiquated equipment and technologies, and heavily dependent on skilled personnel. As a result, the air traffic control system may not be able to effectively keep pace with future air traffic growth. The FAA's protracted transition to modernized air traffic control systems and newer technologies could adversely impact airspace capacity and the overall efficiency of the system, resulting in limited opportunities for the Company to grow, longer scheduled flight times, increased delays and cancellations, and increased fuel consumption and aircraft emissions. The continuation of these air traffic control constraints or the FAA's inability to meet staffing needs on a long-term basis may have a material adverse effect on the Company's operations. 
 
 As discussed under "Business - Regulation," airlines are also subject to other extensive regulatory requirements. These requirements often impose substantial costs on airlines. The Company's strategic plans and results of operations could be negatively affected by changes in law and future actions taken by domestic and foreign governmental agencies having jurisdiction over its operations, including, but not limited to: 
 
 increases in airport rates and charges; 
 limitations on airport gate capacity or use of other airport facilities; 
 limitations on route authorities; 
 actions and decisions that create difficulties in obtaining access at slot-controlled airports (a "slot" is the right of an air carrier, pursuant to regulations of the FAA or local authorities, to operate a takeoff or landing at certain airports); 
 actions and decisions that create difficulties in obtaining operating permits and approvals; 
 changes to environmental regulations; 
 enhanced emissions and climate reporting obligations; 
 mandates on and regulation of existing products and services; 
 new or increased taxes or fees, such as with respect to potential increases to the federal corporate income tax rate, and such as those contained in the Inflation Reduction Act, including a potential corporate alternative minimum tax or potential taxes imposed on share repurchases, which may affect the Company s decisions with respect to capital markets; 
 42 

Table of Contents 

 changes to laws that affect the services that can be offered by airlines in particular markets and at particular airports; 
 restrictions on competitive practices; 
 changes in laws that increase costs for safety, security, compliance, or other Customer Service standards; 
 changes in laws that may limit the Company's ability to enter into fuel derivative contracts to hedge against increases in fuel prices; 
 changes in laws that may limit or regulate the Company's ability to promote the Company s business or fares; 
 airspace closures or restrictions, such as restrictions on operations in markets where certain wireless telecommunications systems may cause interference with certain aircraft avionics; 
 grounding of commercial air traffic by the FAA; and 
 the adoption of more restrictive locally-imposed noise regulations. 
 
 The Company is subject to various environmental requirements and risks, including increased regulation, changing consumer preferences, physical, environmental, and climate risks, and risks associated with climate change. 
 
 The Company is subject to federal, state, local, and international laws and regulations relating to the protection of the environment, including those relating to aircraft and ground-based emissions, discharges to water systems, safe drinking water, and the management of hazardous substances and waste materials. In addition, while the Company cannot predict what requirements may be imposed in the future, federal, state, local, and international legislative and regulatory bodies are generally increasingly focused on climate change and reducing greenhouse gas emissions GHG ), including CO2 emissions. For example, as discussed in more detail under Business Regulation, the federal government, as well as several state and local governments, the governments of other countries, and the United Nations International Civil Aviation Organization have implemented legislative and regulatory proposals and voluntary measures intended to reduce GHG emissions. Future policy, legal, regulatory, or other market developments could require the Company to reduce its emissions, modify its supply chain practices or aspects of its operations, make capital investments to purchase specific types of equipment or technologies, secure carbon offset credits, disclose or report additional GHG information, or otherwise incur additional costs related to climate objectives or because of the Company s GHG emissions. Until the timing, scope, and extent of such future policy, legal, regulatory, or other market developments become known, the Company cannot predict their effect on the Company s cost structure or its operating results. The Company could also face increased risks of litigation resulting from any enhanced disclosure requirements related to climate change. 
 
 Furthermore, to the extent that the Company may seek to achieve its voluntary climate goals and mandatory climate obligations through the use of carbon offsets, it may be exposed to additional costs associated with the procurement of offsets or limited supply in the voluntary carbon offsets market. In addition, to the extent the Company does utilize offsets, it will need to obtain these offsets from third parties, and while the Company generally seeks to purchase only quality offsets verified by reputable third parties, it can make no guarantees that the underlying offset project will provide the full or any claimed GHG emission reduction benefits. 
 
 Concern among consumers of the impacts of climate change may mean some customers choose to fly less frequently or fly on an airline they perceive as operating in a manner that is more sustainable to the climate, and customers may choose to use alternatives to travel, such as virtual meetings and workspaces. Greater development of high-speed rail in markets now served by short-haul flights could provide passengers with lower-carbon alternatives to flying. Longer-term changes in weather patterns could adversely impact any of the Company s destination cities and, as a result, alter the travel behavior of its Customers. The Company s collateral to secure loans, including in the form of aircraft, could lose value as customer demand shifts and economies move to low-carbon alternatives, which may increase the Company s financing costs. In addition, major financial institutions have begun to announce greenhouse gas emissions reductions targets for their financed activities in the aviation sector. To the extent that the Company's climate targets are not perceived to align with those of its lenders, the Company's access to credit may be adversely impacted. 
 
 43 

Table of Contents 

 Finally, the potential acute and chronic physical effects of climate change, such as increased frequency, duration, and severity of extreme weather events, longer-term changes in weather patterns, and other climate-related events, could affect the Company s operations, infrastructure, and financial results. The Company could incur significant costs to improve the climate resiliency of its operations, infrastructure, and supply chain, and otherwise prepare for, respond to, and mitigate such physical effects of climate change. The Company could also incur additional airport fees or other costs related to the infrastructure which supports the commercial aviation industry. The Company is not able to predict accurately the materiality of any potential losses or costs associated with the physical effects of climate change. For additional disclosure related to impacts to the Company s operations resulting from extreme weather events, see the Risk Factor entitled, The Company's operations have been, and in the future may again be, materially and adversely disrupted by extreme weather events. An inability to quickly and effectively restore operations following adverse weather or a localized disaster or disturbance in a key geography has adversely and materially impacted, and in the future could again adversely and materially impact, the Company's business, results of operations, and financial condition in the Operational Risks section. 
 
 The Company is subject to risks related to its voluntary sustainability goals and disclosures, which may affect stakeholder sentiment and the Company s reputation and brand. 
 
 In addition to responding to legislative and regulatory requirements, the Company has voluntarily set near- and long-term environmental sustainability plans and goals. The achievement of these plans and goals is materially dependent on the performance of third parties and government action, and these goals could be adversely affected by changes in third party expectations, methodologies, and priorities. The Company expects its path toward achievement of these goals to depend on, among other things (i) increased use of SAF, which is not presently available at scale or at prices competitive to jet fuel; (ii) improved fuel efficiency from fleet modernization; (iii) operational initiatives; and (iv) technological innovation. 
 
 The Company is attempting to diversify its sources of jet fuel or otherwise seek to limit its reliance on fossil-fuel based fuels, such as through increasing the volumes of SAF used in its operations. Supplies of SAF are limited and may not be developed in sufficient quantities to support the Company s business or sustainability goals. The Company cannot guarantee that it will be able to purchase SAF on a cost-effective basis due to supply constraints; technology challenges in the production, development, transportation, storage, and distribution of SAF; inability to scale SAF on a commercially competitive basis; failures by governments to implement or extend policies and incentives (including tax credits) to reduce the cost or incentivize production of SAF; compliance with and/or changes to taxes and regulations; failure of industry standards, accounting protocols, or other applicable requirements to allow the Company to realize benefits from SAF (including blend limitations); or requirements related to GHG emissions, carbon costs, or climate related goals. In addition, SAF has a limited distribution system and is subject to higher transportation risks than jet fuel. 
 
 The Company s ability to achieve its environmental sustainability goals is subject to risks and uncertainties, many of which are outside of its control. These risks and uncertainties include, but are not limited to: the Company s ability to successfully implement its business strategy, effectively respond to changes in market dynamics and achieve the anticipated benefits and associated cost savings of such strategies and actions; the Company s ability to implement its fleet modernization or planned fuel efficiency initiatives; availability and ability to utilize SAF at economical prices and with expected carbon intensity reductions; advancement in modernizing air traffic control systems; unforeseen production, design, operational, and technological difficulties; the outcome of research efforts and future technology developments, including the ability to scale projects and technologies on a commercially competitive basis; compliance with, and changes or additions to, global and regional regulations, taxes, charges, mandates, or requirements relating to GHG emissions, carbon costs, or climate-related goals; changes to emission accounting methodologies; adapting products to customer preferences and customer acceptance of sustainable supply chain solutions; the actions of competitors and competitive pressures; or other new developments related to the potential impacts of climate change. There is no assurance that the Company will be able to successfully execute its strategies and achieve its previously announced environmental and sustainability goals. 
 
 44 

Table of Contents 

 The Company also makes certain disclosures regarding sustainability, including the Company s sustainability goals to address carbon emissions, and many of these disclosures are necessarily based on (i) estimates and assumptions that are inherently difficult to assess and may involve third party data that the Company does not independently verify, and (ii) timelines that are longer than the timelines associated with the Company s required disclosures. Given the estimates, assumptions, and timelines used to create these disclosures, the materiality of these disclosures is inherently difficult to assess in advance, and given the uncertainty of the estimates and assumptions used to create these disclosures, the Company may not be able to anticipate in advance whether or the degree to which it will or will not be able to meet its sustainability plans or goals, or how expensive it will be to do so. 
 
 The Company s reputation or brand, as well as its Customer and other stakeholder relationships, could be adversely impacted as a result of, among other things, (i) any failure to meet its sustainability plans or goals, including those that relate to climate change; (ii) the Company s impact on the environment; or (iii) public pressure from investors or policy groups to change the Company's policies. In the future, the Company's efforts to meet its sustainability plans or goals may divert Company resources or management's attention from other matters. 
 
 The Company's future results will suffer if it is unable to effectively manage its international operations and/or Extended Operations ("ETOPS") . 
 
 The Company's international flights are subject to CBP-mandated procedures, which can affect the Company's operations, costs, and Customer experience. The Company has made significant investments in facilities, equipment, and technologies at certain airports in order to improve the Customer experience and to assist CBP with its inspection and processing duties; however, the Company is not able to predict the impact, if any, that various CBP measures or the lack of CBP resources will have on Company revenues and costs, either in the short-term or the long-term. 
 
 International flying requires the Company to modify certain processes, as the airport environment is dramatically different in certain international locations with respect to, among other things, common-use ticket counters and gate areas, passenger entry requirements (including health requirements imposed in response to the COVID-19 pandemic), local operating requirements, and cultural preferences. Certain international routes served by the Company are also subject to specific aircraft equipage requirements and unique consumer behavior. Route-specific equipage requirements and unique consumer behavior, together or individually, may (i) restrict the Company's flexibility when scheduling and routing aircraft and crews; (ii) require the Company to modify its policies or procedures; and (iii) impact the Company's operational performance, costs, and Customer Experience. In addition, international flying exposes the Company to certain foreign currency risks to the extent the Company chooses to, or is required to, transact in currencies other than the U.S. dollar. To the extent the Company seeks to serve additional international destinations in the future, or to renew its authority to serve certain routes, it may be required to obtain necessary authority from the DOT and/or approvals from the FAA, as well as any applicable foreign government entity. 
 
 The Company's operations in non-U.S. jurisdictions may subject the Company to the laws of those jurisdictions rather than, or in addition to, U.S. laws. Laws in some jurisdictions differ in significant respects from those in the United States, and these differences can affect the Company's ability to react to changes in its business, and its rights or ability to enforce rights may be different than would be expected under U.S. laws. Furthermore, enforcement of laws in some jurisdictions can be inconsistent and unpredictable, which can affect both the Company's ability to enforce its rights and to undertake activities that it believes are beneficial to its business. As a result, the Company's ability to generate revenue and its expenses in non-U.S. jurisdictions may differ from what would be expected if U.S. laws governed these operations. Although the Company has policies and procedures in place that are designed to promote compliance with the laws of the jurisdictions in which it operates, a violation by the Company's Employees, contractors, or agents or other intermediaries could nonetheless occur. Any violation (or alleged or perceived violation), even if prohibited by the Company's policies, could have an adverse effect on the Company's reputation and/or its results of operations. 
 
 45 

Table of Contents 

 In 2019, the Company began service to Hawaii after receiving approval from the FAA for ETOPS, a regulatory requirement to operate between the U.S. mainland and the Hawaiian Islands. The Company is subject to additional, ongoing, ETOPS-specific regulatory and procedural requirements, which present operational and compliance risks to the Company s business, including costs associated therewith. 
 
 The Company is currently subject to pending litigation, and if judgment were to be rendered against the Company in litigation, such judgment could adversely affect the Company's operating results. 
 
 As discussed below under "Legal Proceedings," the Company is subject to pending litigation. Regardless of merit, these litigation matters and any potential future claims against the Company may be both time consuming and disruptive to the Company's operations and cause significant expense and diversion of management attention. Should the Company fail to prevail in these or other matters, the Company may be faced with significant monetary damages or injunctive relief that could materially adversely affect its business and might materially affect its financial condition and operating results and could cause reputational harm. 
 
 Conflicting federal, state, and local laws and regulations may impose additional requirements and restrictions on the Company s operations, which could increase the Company s operating costs, result in service disruptions, and increase litigation risk. 
 
 Airlines are subject to extensive regulatory and legal requirements at the federal, state, and local levels that require substantial compliance costs and that may be inconsistent with each other. These laws could affect the Company s relationship with its workforce and cause its expenses to increase without an ability to pass through these costs. In recent years, the airline industry has experienced an increase in litigation asserting the application of state and local employment laws, particularly in California. On June 30, 2022, the U.S. Supreme Court denied review of the Ninth Circuit s ruling in Bernstein v. Virgin America, Inc., which held that federal law did not preempt the California state meal-and-rest-break regulations for flight attendants at issue. The Company is a defendant in multiple proceedings asserting wage and hour claims with respect to certain employees who work in, or are based in, California. The Bernstein decision may adversely affect the Company s defenses in some or all of those proceedings and may give rise to additional litigation in these or other areas previously believed to be preempted by federal law. Application of state and local laws to the Company s operations may conflict with federal laws or with the laws of other states and local governments and may subject the Company to additional requirements and restrictions. Moreover, application of these state and local laws may result in operational disruption, increased litigation risk, and negative effects on the Company s collective bargaining agreements. Adverse litigation results in any of these cases could adversely impact the Company s operational flexibility and result in the imposition of damages and fines, which could potentially be significant. 
 
 The Company s reputation and brand could be harmed if it were to experience significant negative publicity through social media or otherwise, including with respect to the Company's voluntary ESG-related goals and disclosures. 
 
 The Company operates in a public-facing industry with significant exposure to social media. Negative publicity, whether or not justified, can spread rapidly through social media. The Company s reputation or brand, as well as its customer and other stakeholder relationships, could be adversely impacted as a result of, among other things, (i) any failure to meet its ESG plans or goals; (ii) customer perceptions of the Company s advertising campaigns, sponsorship arrangements or marketing programs; (iii) customer perceptions of the Company s use of social media; (iv) customer perceptions of statements made by the Company, its Employees and executives, agents, or other third parties; or (v) public pressure from investors or policy groups to change the Company's policies. To the extent that the Company is unable to respond timely and appropriately to negative publicity, the Company s reputation and brand can be harmed. Damage to the Company s overall reputation and brand could have a negative impact on its financial results and require additional resources for the Company to rebuild its reputation. 
 
 The Company s Bylaws designate specific courts as the exclusive forum for certain legal actions between the Company and its Shareholders, which could increase costs to bring a claim, discourage claims, or limit the 
 46 

Table of Contents 

 ability of the Company s Shareholders to bring a claim in a judicial forum viewed by the Shareholders as more favorable for disputes with the Company or the Company s directors, officers, or other Employees. 
 
 The Company s Bylaws provide, to the fullest extent permitted by law, that, unless the Company consents in writing to the selection of an alternative forum, the United States District Court for the Northern District of Texas or, if such court lacks jurisdiction, the state district court of Dallas County, Texas, will, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, be the sole and exclusive forum for (a) any derivative action or proceeding brought on behalf of the Company; (b) any action asserting a claim of breach of a fiduciary duty owed by any director, officer, or other Employee of the Company to the Company or the Company s Shareholders; (c) any action asserting a claim against the Company or any director, officer, or other Employee of the Company pursuant to any provision of the Company s Restated Certificate of Formation or Bylaws (as either may be amended from time to time) or the Texas Business Organizations Code; and (d) any action asserting a claim against the Company or any director, officer, or other Employee of the Company governed by the internal affairs doctrine. 
 
 The Company s Bylaws also provide that, unless the Company consents in writing to the selection of an alternative forum, the federal district courts of the United States of America will be the sole and exclusive forum for the resolution of any complaint asserting a cause of action under the Securities Act of 1933 (the Securities Act ). We note, however, that there is uncertainty as to whether a court would enforce this provision and that investors cannot waive compliance with the federal securities laws and the rules and regulations thereunder. Section 22 of the Securities Act creates concurrent jurisdiction for state and federal courts over all suits brought to enforce any duty or liability created by the Securities Act or the rules and regulations thereunder. 
 
 The forum selection provision may increase costs to bring a claim, discourage claims, or limit a Shareholder s ability to bring a claim in a judicial forum that such Shareholder finds favorable for disputes with the Company or the Company s directors, officers, or other Employees, which may discourage such lawsuits against the Company or the Company s directors, officers, and other Employees. Alternatively, if a court were to find the forum selection provision contained in the Company s Bylaws to be inapplicable or unenforceable in an action, the Company could incur additional costs associated with resolving such action in other jurisdictions. 

Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 
 None. 
 47 

Table of Contents 

 Item 2. Properties 
 Aircraft 
 Southwest operated a total of 770 Boeing 737 aircraft as of December 31, 2022, of which 58 and 36 were under operating and finance leases, respectively. The following table details information on the 770 aircraft as of December 31, 2022: 
 Type Seats Average Age (Yrs) Number of Aircraft Number Owned (a) Number Leased (b) 737-700 143 18 426 378 48 737-800 175 7 207 190 17 737 -8 175 2 137 108 29 Totals 12 770 676 94 
 
 (a) As discussed further in Note 7 to the Consolidated Financial Statements, 83 of the Company's aircraft were pledged as collateral as of December 31, 2022, associated with outstanding secured borrowings. 
 (b) See Note 8 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for more information on the Company's lease transactions. 
 
 The delivery schedule below reflects contractual commitments, although the timing of future deliveries is uncertain. For purposes of the delivery schedule below, the Company has included the remaining 46 of its 2022 contractual undelivered aircraft within its 2023 contractual commitments, and has not made any further adjustments to this schedule based on current estimations. The Company is planning for approximately 100 -8 aircraft deliveries in 2023. The delivery schedule for the -7 is dependent on the FAA issuing required certifications and approvals to Boeing and the Company. The FAA will ultimately determine the timing of the -7 certification and entry into service, and the Company therefore offers no assurances that current estimations and timelines are correct. As of December 31, 2022, the Company had firm deliveries and options for Boeing 737 -7 and 737 -8 aircraft as follows: 
 The Boeing Company -7 Firm Orders -8 Firm Orders -7 or -8 Options Total 2023 31 105 136 (a) 2024 41 45 86 (b) 2025 30 56 86 2026 30 15 40 85 2027 15 15 6 36 2028 15 15 30 2029 20 30 50 2030 55 55 182 235 (c) 147 (b) 564 
 (a) The Company has included the remaining 46 of its 2022 contractual undelivered aircraft (14 -7s and 32 -8s) within its 2023 contractual commitments. Due to Boeing's supply chain challenges and the current status of the -7 certification, the Company currently estimates approximately 100 MAX aircraft deliveries in 2023. The 2023 contractual detail is as follows: 
 The Boeing Company -7 Firm Orders -8 Firm Orders Total 2022 Contractual Deliveries Remaining 14 32 46 2023 Contractual Deliveries 17 73 90 2023 Contractual Total 31 105 136 
 (b) In January 2023, the Company exercised 10 -7 options for delivery in 2024. 
 48 

Table of Contents 

 (c The Company has flexibility to designate firm orders or options as -7s or -8s, upon written advance notification as stated in the contract. 
 
 Ground Facilities and Services 
 
 Southwest either leases or pays a usage fee for terminal passenger service facilities at each of the airports it serves, to which various leasehold improvements have been made. The Company leases the land and/or structures on a long-term basis for its aircraft maintenance centers (located at Dallas Love Field, Houston Hobby, Phoenix Sky Harbor, Chicago Midway, Hartsfield-Jackson Atlanta International Airport, Denver International Airport, and Orlando International Airport) and its main corporate headquarters building, also located near Dallas Love Field. The Company also leases a warehouse and engine repair facility in Atlanta. The Company has announced its intent to build a new aircraft maintenance facility, expected to be completed in 2025, at Baltimore-Washington International Airport. 
 
 The Company has commitments associated with various airport improvement projects, including construction at Houston Hobby International Airport. This project includes the construction of new facilities and the rebuilding or modernization of existing facilities. Additional information regarding these projects is provided in Note 5 to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 
 The Company owns two additional headquarters buildings, located across the street from the Company's main headquarters building, on land owned by the Company including (a) an energy-efficient, modern building, called TOPS, which houses certain operational and training functions, including the Company's 24-hour operations and (b) the Wings Complex, consisting of a Leadership Education and Aircrew Development (LEAD) Center (housing the Company's 26 Boeing 737 flight simulators and classroom space for Pilot training), an additional office building, and a parking garage. 
 
 As of December 31, 2021, the Company operated seven Customer Support and Services call centers. During 2022, the Company closed all seven physical locations of the Customer Support and Services call centers and transitioned Customer Support and Services Employees to remote work. 
 
 The Company performs substantially all line maintenance on its aircraft and provides ground support services at most of the airports it serves. However, the Company has arrangements with certain aircraft maintenance providers for major component inspections and repairs for its airframes and engines, which comprise the majority of the Company's annual aircraft maintenance costs. 

Item 3. Legal Proceedings 
 On June 30, 2015, the U.S. Department of Justice ("DOJ") issued a Civil Investigative Demand ("CID") to the Company. The CID sought information and documents about the Company s capacity from January 2010 to the date of the CID, including public statements and communications with third parties about capacity. In June 2015, the Company also received a letter from the Connecticut Attorney General requesting information about capacity. The Company is cooperating fully with the DOJ CID and the state inquiry. 
 
 Further, on July 1, 2015, a complaint was filed in the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York on behalf of putative classes of consumers alleging collusion among the Company, American Airlines, Delta Air Lines, and United Airlines to limit capacity and maintain higher fares in violation of Section 1 of the Sherman Act. Since then, a number of similar class action complaints were filed in the United States District Courts for the Central District of California, the Northern District of California, the District of Columbia, the Middle District of Florida, the Southern District of Florida, the Northern District of Georgia, the Northern District of Illinois, the Southern District of Indiana, the Eastern District of Louisiana, the District of Minnesota, the District of New Jersey, the Eastern District of New York, the Southern District of New York, the Middle District of North Carolina, the District of Oklahoma, the Eastern District of Pennsylvania, the Northern District of Texas, the District of Vermont, 
 49 

Table of Contents 

 and the Eastern District of Wisconsin. On October 13, 2015, the Judicial Panel on Multi-District Litigation centralized the cases to the United States District Court in the District of Columbia. On March 25, 2016, the plaintiffs filed a Consolidated Amended Complaint in the consolidated cases alleging that the defendants conspired to restrict capacity from 2009 to present. The plaintiffs seek to bring their claims on behalf of a class of persons who purchased tickets for domestic airline travel on the defendants' airlines from July 1, 2011 to present. They seek treble damages, injunctive relief, and attorneys' fees and expenses. On May 11, 2016, the defendants moved to dismiss the Consolidated Amended Complaint, which the Court denied on October 28, 2016. On December 20, 2017, the Company reached an agreement to settle these cases with a proposed class of all persons who purchased domestic airline transportation services from July 1, 2011, to the date of the settlement. The Company agreed to pay 15 million and to provide certain cooperation with the plaintiffs as set forth in the settlement agreement. After notice was provided to the proposed settlement class and the Court held a fairness hearing the Court issued an order granting final approval of the settlement on May 9, 2019. On June 10, 2019, certain objectors filed notices of appeal to the United States Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit, which the Court dismissed on July 9, 2021, for lack of jurisdiction because the district court's order approving the settlements was not a final appealable order. The case is continuing as to the remaining defendants. The Company denies all allegations of wrongdoing. 
 
 On July 11, 2019, a complaint alleging violations of federal and state laws and seeking certification as a class action was filed against Boeing and the Company in the United States District Court for the Eastern District of Texas in Sherman ("Sherman Complaint"). The complaint alleges that Boeing and the Company colluded to conceal defects with the Boeing 737 MAX ("MAX") aircraft in violation of the Racketeer Influenced and Corrupt Organization Act ("RICO") and also asserts related state law claims based upon the same alleged facts. The complaint seeks damages on behalf of putative classes of customers who purchased tickets for air travel from either the Company or American Airlines between August 29, 2017, and March 13, 2019. The complaint generally seeks money damages, equitable monetary relief, injunctive relief, declaratory relief, and attorneys fees and other costs. On September 13, 2019, the Company filed a motion to dismiss the complaint and to strike certain class allegations. Boeing also moved to dismiss. On February 14, 2020, the trial court issued a ruling that granted in part and denied in part the motions to dismiss the complaint. The trial court order, among other things: (i) dismissed without prejudice various state law claims that the plaintiffs abandoned in response to the motions, (ii) dismissed with prejudice the remaining state law claims, including fraud by concealment, fraud by misrepresentation, and negligent misrepresentation on the grounds that federal law preempts those claims, and (iii) found that plaintiffs lack Article III standing to pursue one of the plaintiffs theories of RICO injury. The order denied the motion to dismiss with respect to two RICO claims premised upon a second theory of RICO injury and denied the motion to strike the class allegations at the pleadings stage. On September 3, 2021, the trial court issued an order under Rule 23(a) and 23(b)(3) certifying four classes of persons associated with ticket purchases for flights during the period of August 29, 2017, through March 13, 2019, comprised of (i) those who purchased tickets (without being reimbursed) for flights on Southwest Airlines during the class period, except for those whose flights were solely on routes where, at the time of the ticket purchase(s), a MAX plane was not scheduled for use (or actually used) and had not previously been used, (ii) those who reimbursed a Southwest Airlines ticket purchaser and thus bore the economic burden for a Southwest Airlines ticket for a flight meeting the preceding criteria set forth in (i) above, (iii) those who purchased tickets (without being reimbursed) for flights on American Airlines during the class period, except for those whose flights were solely on routes where, at the time of ticket purchase(s), a MAX plane was not scheduled for use (or actually used) and had not previously been used, and (iv) those who reimbursed an American Airlines ticket purchaser and thus bore the economic burden for an American Airlines ticket for a flight meeting the preceding criteria set forth in (iii) above. On September 17, 2021, the Company filed a petition for permission immediately to appeal the class certification ruling to the Fifth Circuit Court of Appeals. Boeing also filed such a petition. Plaintiffs filed their oppositions to the petitions on September 27, 2021. On September 30, 2021, the Fifth Circuit Court of Appeals granted the Company (and Boeing) permission to appeal the class certification ruling. On December 22, 2021, in response to a motion to stay the trial court proceedings filed by the Company and Boeing, the Fifth Circuit stayed all proceedings, including the pursuit of any discovery, in the trial court pending disposition of the class certification appeal by the Fifth Circuit. Following full briefing on the merits of the appeal, a three-judge panel of the Fifth Circuit heard oral argument of the appeal on July 5, 2022. On November 21, 2022, the Fifth Circuit issued an opinion concluding that, among other things, the plaintiffs "have offered no plausible theory of economic harm" and "have suffered no injury in fact and lack Article III standing," and so their "case therefore must be dismissed." The 
 50 

Table of Contents 

 Fifth Circuit reversed the trial court's September 3, 2021 certification order and remanded the case to the trial court with instructions to dismiss the case for lack of jurisdiction. On December 5, 2022, the plaintiffs filed a Petition for Rehearing En Banc, which seeks to have the appeal reheard by the Fifth Circuit. On January 10, 2023, the Company and Boeing filed a joint response to the Petition. The Petition remains pending before the Fifth Circuit. The Company denies all allegations of wrongdoing, believes the plaintiffs' positions are without merit, and intends to continue vigorously defending itself in all respects. 
 
 On February 19, 2020, a complaint alleging violations of federal securities laws and seeking certification as a class action was filed against the Company and certain of its officers in the United States District Court for the Northern District of Texas in Dallas. A lead plaintiff has been appointed in the case, and an amended complaint was filed on July 2, 2020. The amended complaint seeks damages on behalf of a putative class of persons who purchased the Company s common stock between February 7, 2017, and January 29, 2020. The amended complaint asserts claims under Sections 10(b) and 20 of the Securities Exchange Act and alleges that the Company made material misstatements to investors regarding the Company s safety and maintenance practices and its compliance with federal regulations and requirements. The amended complaint generally seeks money damages, pre-judgment and post-judgment interest, and attorneys fees and other costs. On August 17, 2020, the Company and the individual defendants filed a motion to dismiss. On October 1, 2020, the lead plaintiff filed a response in opposition to the motion to dismiss. The Company filed a reply on or about October 21, 2020, such that the motion is now fully briefed, although the parties have each supplemented their prior briefing with regard to more recent case holdings in other matters. The Company denies all allegations of wrongdoing, including those in the amended complaint. The Company believes the plaintiffs' positions are without merit and intends to vigorously defend itself in all respects. 
 
 On June 22, 2020, a derivative action for breach of fiduciary duty was filed in the United States District Court for the Northern District of Texas naming the members of the Company's Board of Directors as defendants and the Company as a nominal defendant (the "Derivative Action"). The plaintiff alleges unspecified damage to Company s reputation, goodwill, and standing in the community, as well as damage from exposure to civil and regulatory liability and defense costs. According to the lawsuit, these damages arise from the Company s alleged failure to comply with safety and record maintenance regulations and false statements in public filings regarding the Company s safety practices. The plaintiff alleges the Board, in the absence of good faith, exhibited reckless disregard for its duties of oversight. On October 7, 2020, the Court entered an order staying and administratively closing the Derivative Action. The plaintiff in the Derivative Action shall have the right to reopen the action following the resolution of the Company's motion to dismiss in the ongoing litigation brought under the federal securities laws or upon the occurrence of certain other conditions. The Board and Company deny all allegations of wrongdoing made in the Derivative Action. 
 
 On August 26, 2021, a complaint alleging breach of contract and seeking certification as a class action was filed against the Company in the United States District Court for the Western District of Texas in Waco. The complaint alleges that the Company breached its Contract of Carriage and other alleged agreements in connection with its use of the allegedly defective MAX aircraft manufactured by The Boeing Company. The complaint seeks damages on behalf of putative classes of customers who provided valuable consideration, whether in money or other form (e.g., voucher, miles/points, etc.), in exchange for a ticket for air transportation with the Company, which transportation took place between August 29, 2017, and March 13, 2019. The complaint generally seeks money damages, declaratory relief, and attorneys fees and other costs. On October 27, 2021, the Company filed a multi-faceted motion challenging the complaint based upon lack of subject matter jurisdiction, the existence of the prior-filed Sherman Complaint on appeal in the Fifth Circuit, improper venue, and failure to state a claim, and seeking to have the complaint's class contentions stricken. That motion was fully briefed by both parties and was argued to a United States Magistrate Judge on June 27, 2022. On July 5, 2022, the Magistrate Judge granted the motion in part and ordered the case stayed until the issuance of the Fifth Circuit's opinion in the Sherman Complaint. On November 28, 2022, the parties jointly notified the Court of the Fifth Circuit's decision regarding the Sherman Complaint. The Company denies all allegations of wrongdoing, believes the plaintiffs' positions are without merit, and intends to vigorously defend itself in all respects. 

51 

Table of Contents 

 On January 12, 2023, a complaint alleging violations of federal securities laws and seeking certification as a class action was filed against the Company and certain of its officers in the United States District Court for the Southern District of Texas in Houston. The complaint seeks damages on behalf of a putative class of persons who purchased the Company's common stock between June 13, 2020, and December 31, 2022. The complaint asserts claims under Sections 10(b) and 20 of the Securities Exchange Act and alleges that the Company made material misstatements to investors regarding the Company's internal technology and alleged vulnerability to large-scale flight disruptions. The complaint generally seeks money damages, pre-judgment and post-judgment interest, and attorneys' fees and other costs. The Company denies all allegations of wrongdoing in the complaint, believes the plaintiff's positions are without merit, and intends to vigorously defend itself in all respects. 
 
 On or about January 24, 2023, legal counsel for a purported Southwest shareholder sent a letter to the Company s senior officers and Board of Directors demanding that the Board investigate claims, initiate legal action, and take remedial measures in connection with the service disruptions occurring in December 2022. The demand letter broadly asserts that the Company s directors and senior officers did not make sufficient investments in internal technology systems to prevent large-scale flight disruptions, did not exercise sufficient oversight over the Company s operations, approved or received unwarranted compensation, caused the Company to make materially misleading public statements, and breached their fiduciary duties to the Company. 
 
 The Company is from time to time subject to various legal proceedings and claims arising in the ordinary course of business, including, but not limited to, examinations by the Internal Revenue Service. 
 
 The Company s management does not expect that the outcome in any of its currently ongoing legal proceedings or the outcome of any proposed adjustments presented to date by the Internal Revenue Service, individually or collectively, will have a material adverse effect on the Company s financial condition, results of operations, or cash flow. 

Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 
 
 Not applicable. 
 
 52 

Table of Contents 

 INFORMATION ABOUT OUR EXECUTIVE OFFICERS 
 The following information regarding the Company s executive officers is as of February 1, 2023. 
 
 Name Position Age Gary C. Kelly Executive Chairman of the Board 67 Robert E. Jordan President Chief Executive Officer 62 Andrew M. Watterson Chief Operating Officer 56 Ryan C. Green Executive Vice President Chief Commercial Officer 46 Tammy Romo Executive Vice President Chief Financial Officer 60 Linda B. Rutherford Chief Administration Communications Officer 56 Mark R. Shaw Executive Vice President Chief Legal Regulatory Officer Corporate Secretary 60 
 
 Set forth below is a description of the background of each of the Company s executive officers. 
 
 Gary C. Kelly has served as the Company's Executive Chairman of the Board since February 2022 and has served as the Company's Chairman of the Board since May 2008. Mr. Kelly also served as Chief Executive Officer from July 2004 to February 2022, President from July 2008 to January 2017, Executive Vice President Chief Financial Officer from June 2001 to July 2004, and Vice President Finance Chief Financial Officer from 1989 to 2001. Mr. Kelly joined the Company in 1986 as its Controller. 
 
 Robert E. Jordan has served as the Company's Chief Executive Officer since February 2022 and as its President since January 2023. Mr. Jordan has been a member of the Company's Board of Directors since February 2022. Mr. Jordan also served as Executive Vice President Incoming Chief Executive Officer from June 2021 to February 2022, Executive Vice President Corporate Services from July 2017 to June 2021, Executive Vice President Chief Commercial Officer from September 2011 to July 2017, Executive Vice President Strategy Planning from May 2008 to September 2011, Executive Vice President Strategy Technology from September 2006 to May 2008, Senior Vice President Enterprise Spend Management from August 2004 to September 2006, Vice President Technology from 2002 to 2004, Vice President Purchasing from 2001 to 2002, Controller from 1997 to 2001, Director Revenue Accounting from 1994 to 1997, and Manager Sales Accounting from 1990 to 1994. Mr. Jordan joined the Company in 1988 as a programmer. 
 
 Andrew M. Watterson has served as the Company's Chief Operating Officer since October 2022. Mr. Watterson also served as Executive Vice President Chief Commercial Officer from January 2020 to October 2022, Executive Vice President Chief Revenue Officer from July 2017 to January 2020, Senior Vice President Chief Revenue Officer from January 2017 to July 2017, Senior Vice President of Network Revenue from January 2016 to January 2017, and as Vice President of Network Planning Performance from October 2013 to January 2016. 
 
 Ryan C. Green has served as the Company s Executive Vice President Chief Commercial Officer since October 2022. Mr. Green also served as Senior Vice President Chief Marketing Officer from February 2019 to October 2022, Vice President Chief Marketing Officer from April 2017 to February 2019, Vice President Marketing from February 2016 to April 2017, Managing Director Customer Strategy and Development from October 2013 to February 2016, Senior Director Loyalty Partnerships from July 2010 to October 2013, Director Customer Loyalty from November 2007 to July 2010, Senior Manager Loyalty Marketing from January 2007 to November 2007, and Manager Business Development from July 2004 to January 2007. Mr. Green joined the Company in 2002 in the Marketing Department. 
 
 Tammy Romo has served as the Company's Executive Vice President Chief Financial Officer since July 2015. Ms. Romo also served as Senior Vice President Finance Chief Financial Officer from September 2012 to July 2015, Senior Vice President of Planning from February 2010 to September 2012, Vice President of Financial Planning from September 2008 to February 2010, Vice President Controller from February 2006 to August 2008, Vice President Treasurer from September 2004 to February 2006, Senior Director of Investor Relations from March 2002 to September 2004, Director of Investor Relations from December 1994 to March 2002, Manager of Investor 
 53 

Table of Contents 

 Relations from September 1994 to December 1994, and Manager of Financial Reporting from September 1991 to September 1994. 
 
 Linda B. Rutherford has served as the Company s Chief Administration Communications Officer since October 2022. Ms. Rutherford also served as Executive Vice President People Communications from June 2021 to October 2022, Senior Vice President Chief Communications Officer from October 2017 to June 2021, Vice President Chief Communications Officer from January 2016 to October 2017, Vice President Communications Strategic Outreach from April 2007 to January 2016, Vice President Public Relations Community Affairs from December 2005 to April 2007, Director Public Relations from May 2001 to December 2005, Senior Manager Public Relations from February 1999 to May 2001, and Manager Public Relations from February 1997 to February 1999. Ms. Rutherford joined the Company in 1992 as a Public Relations Coordinator. 
 
 Mark R. Shaw has served as the Company's Executive Vice President Chief Legal Regulatory Officer since November 2018. Mr. Shaw has also served as the Company s Corporate Secretary since August 2022. Mr. Shaw also served as Executive Vice President, Chief Legal Regulatory Officer, Corporate Secretary from August 2018 to November 2018, Senior Vice President, General Counsel, Corporate Secretary from July 2015 to August 2018, Vice President, General Counsel, Corporate Secretary from February 2013 to July 2015, and as Associate General Counsel - Corporate Transactions from February 2008 to February 2013. Mr. Shaw joined the Company in 2000 as an Attorney in the General Counsel Department. 
 54 

Table of Contents 

 PART II 

Item 5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters, and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 
 The Company s common stock is listed on the New York Stock Exchange ("NYSE") and is traded under the symbol "LUV." Although the Company has a history of declaring dividends on a quarterly basis, the Company suspended the payment of dividends following its 174th consecutive quarterly dividend which was declared and paid in first quarter 2020. Pursuant to the "PSP1 Payroll Support Program" under the Coronavirus Aid, Relief, and Economic Security Act ("CARES Act"), as supplemented by the "PSP2 Payroll Support Program under the Consolidated Appropriations Act, 2021, and the "PSP3 Payroll Support Program" under the American Rescue Plan Act of 2021, the Company was prohibited from paying dividends with respect to its common stock through September 30, 2022. On December 6, 2022, the Company reinstated and declared a quarterly cash dividend of .18 per share to Shareholders of record at the close of business on January 10, 2023, on all shares then issued and outstanding. The quarterly dividend was paid on January 31, 2023. The Company currently intends to continue declaring dividends on a quarterly basis for the foreseeable future; however, the Company s Board of Directors may elect to alter the timing, amount, and payment of dividends on the basis of operational results, financial condition, cash requirements, future prospects, and other factors deemed relevant by the Board. As of February 3, 2023, there were approximately 11,378 holders of record of the Company s common stock. 
 
 55 

Table of Contents 

 Stock Performance Graph 
 
 The following Performance Graph and related information shall not be deemed "soliciting material" or "filed" with the Securities and Exchange Commission, nor shall such information be incorporated by reference into any future filing under the Securities Act of 1933 or Securities Exchange Act of 1934. 
 
 The following graph compares the cumulative total shareholder return on the Company s common stock over the five-year period ended December 31, 2022, with the cumulative total return during such period of the Standard and Poor s 500 Stock Index and the NYSE ARCA Airline Index. The comparison assumes 100 was invested on December 31, 2017, in the Company s common stock and in each of the foregoing indices and assumes reinvestment of dividends. The stock performance shown on the graph below represents historical stock performance and is not necessarily indicative of future stock price performance. 
 
 COMPARISON OF FIVE YEAR CUMULATIVE TOTAL RETURN AMONG SOUTHWEST AIRLINES CO., S P 500 INDEX, AND NYSE ARCA AIRLINE INDEX 
 
 12/31/2017 12/31/2018 12/31/2019 12/31/2020 12/31/2021 12/31/2022 Southwest Airlines Co. 100 72 85 73 67 53 S P 500 100 96 126 149 191 157 NYSE ARCA Airline 100 79 96 73 72 47 

56 

Table of Contents 

 Issuer Repurchases 
 
 On May 15, 2019, the Company s Board of Directors authorized the repurchase of up to 2.0 billion of the Company s common stock. Subject to certain conditions, including restrictions on the Company pursuant to the PSP3 Payroll Support Program through September 30, 2022, repurchases may be made in accordance with applicable securities laws in open market or private, including accelerated, repurchase transactions from time to time, depending on market conditions. The Company has suspended share repurchase activity until further notice. The Company has approximately 899 million remaining under its current share repurchase authorization. 
 57 

Table of Contents 

 Item 7 . Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 
 YEAR IN REVIEW 
 The Company's financial results in 2021 and 2022, on both an accounting principles generally accepted in the United States ("GAAP") basis and non-GAAP basis, continued to be affected by the COVID-19 pandemic, which began in early 2020. The Omicron variant of COVID-19 both impacted travel demand and created staffing challenges for the Company, particularly during January and February 2022. However, strong travel demand, especially associated with leisure travel, accelerated during March 2022 and continued through the remainder of the year, producing record operating revenues of 23.8 billion for 2022. Managed business revenues improved during 2022, but remained below 2019 levels, including approximately 20 percent below fourth quarter 2019 levels in fourth quarter 2022. 
 
 In late December 2022, the Company experienced wide-scale operational disruptions as extreme winter weather across a significant portion of the United States impacted its operational plan and flight schedules. Subsequent to Winter Storm Elliott, the Company was challenged in its efforts to realign flight crews, flight schedules, and fleet for a period of several days during this peak demand travel period. The Company returned to a normal operating schedule on December 30, 2022. However, this disruption and subsequent recovery efforts resulted in the cancellation of more than 16,700 flights during the period from December 21 to December 31, 2022. The Company estimates the financial impact of this disruption was approximately 800 million on a pre-tax basis, and resulted in the Company reporting a net loss of 220 million for fourth quarter 2022. A significant portion of this impact was due to the loss of Operating revenue associated with the flight cancellations that is estimated to be approximately 410 million. The remaining impact primarily related to a net increase of approximately 390 million in operating expenses, primarily due to travel expense reimbursements to Customers, the estimated value of Rapid Rewards points offered as a gesture of goodwill to Customers that are expected to be redeemed, and premium pay and additional compensation for Employees, which were partially offset by lower fuel and oil and profitsharing expenses. 
 
 Following the disruption, the Company has put mitigation elements in place to reduce the risk of future operational disruptions that could impede the travel plans of its Customers. These elements, along with efforts that remain in progress, currently include: 
 Creating an early indicator dashboard that closely monitors operational health and signals an alert if the Company approaches predefined operational thresholds, 
 Establishing supplemental staffing that can quickly mobilize to support Crew recovery efforts, 
 Enhancing its Crew engagement technology to better communicate with large numbers of Crew Members during frequent schedule changes, and 
 Updating and upgrading the Company s Crew recovery system to not only solve current and future schedules, but also provide the ability to optimize established schedules as they are being revised during irregular operations. 
 
 Going forward, the Company is also taking additional steps to understand and review the disruption, which will determine the Company's future actions. The Company has engaged Oliver Wyman, a third-party global aviation consulting firm, to complete an assessment of the event and make recommendations of additional mitigation steps for consideration. In addition, the Company s Board of Directors has established an Operations Review Committee that is working with the Company's Management to help oversee the Company's response. The Company will continue to provide further information regarding these ongoing efforts in future periods. 
 
 The Company recorded year-to-date GAAP and non-GAAP results for 2022, 2021, and 2019 as noted in the following tables. The Company believes comparisons of current year financial results to 2019 are relevant and show how the Company has continued to recover from the pandemic. See Note Regarding Use of Non-GAAP Financial Measures and the Reconciliation of Reported Amounts to Non-GAAP Financial Measures for additional detail regarding non-GAAP financial measures. 
 
 58 

Table of Contents 

 (in millions, except per share amounts) Year ended December 31, GAAP 2022 2021 2022 Change to 2021 2019 2022 Change to 2019 Operating income 1,017 1,721 (40.9) 2,957 (65.6) Net income 539 977 (44.8) 2,300 (76.6) Net income per share, diluted 0.87 1.61 (45.7) 4.27 (79.5) Non-GAAP Operating income (loss) 1,120 (1,281) n.m. 2,957 (62.1) Net income (loss) 723 (1,271) n.m. 2,300 (68.6) Net income (loss) per share, diluted 1.16 (2.15) n.m. 4.27 (72.8) 
 
 The comparison of the Company's financial results, as shown above on a GAAP basis for the year ended December 31, 2022, versus the year ended December 31, 2021, were impacted by the Company's receipt of 2.7 billion in grant allocations of payroll funding support ("Payroll Support") from the United States Department of the Treasury ("Treasury") in 2021 that significantly benefited 2021 results. See Note 2 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for further information. Operating revenues for year ended December 31, 2022, increased 50.8 percent versus 2021 and operating revenues for the year ended December 31, 2022, exceeded the comparative 2019 pre-pandemic levels and was a Company annual record primarily due to strong leisure demand and higher yields. Operating expenses for the year ended December 31, 2022, exceeded the comparative pre-pandemic 2019 levels primarily due to higher salaries, wages, and benefits expense and fuel prices. 
 
 On a non-GAAP basis, the Company's financial results improved significantly for the year ended December 31, 2022, versus the same prior year period due to the significant recovery in travel demand, which was aided by a reduction in COVID-19 cases and hospitalizations, an increase in vaccinations, and a decline in travel-related restrictions across the United States. See Note Regarding Use of Non-GAAP Financial Measures and the Reconciliation of Reported Amounts to Non-GAAP Financial Measures for additional detail regarding non-GAAP financial measures. 

Operating Statistics 
 
 The Company provides the operating data below for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2019 because these statistics are commonly used in the airline industry and, therefore, allow readers to compare the Company s performance against its results for prior periods, as well as against the performance of the Company s peers. 
 
 For the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company believes a comparison of its 2022 to 2019 (pre-pandemic) operating statistics is relevant and useful as the Company continues to recover from the pandemic. For the twelve months ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, most of these operating statistics were significantly impacted by the COVID-19 pandemic and decisions the Company made as a result of the pandemic although the effect in 2022 was primarily in first quarter. See Note 2 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for further information. 

Year ended December 31, 2022 2021 2022 Change to 2021 2019 2022 Change to 2019 Operating Data: Revenue passengers carried (000s) 126,586 99,111 27.7 134,056 (5.6) 
 59 

Table of Contents 

 Enplaned passengers (000s) 156,982 123,264 27.4 162,681 (3.5) Revenue passenger miles (RPMs) (in millions) (a) 
 123,843 103,562 19.6 131,345 (5.7) Available seat miles (ASMs) (in millions) (b) 
 148,467 132,006 12.5 157,254 (5.6) Load factor (c) 
 83.4 78.5 26.1 pts. 83.5 (5.0) pts. Average length of passenger haul (miles) 978 1,045 (6.4) 980 (0.2) Average aircraft stage length (miles) 728 790 (7.8) 748 (2.7) Trips flown 1,298,219 1,066,934 21.7 1,367,727 (5.1) Seats flown (000s) (d) 
 201,913 165,580 21.9 206,390 (2.2) Seats per trip (e) 
 155.5 155.2 0.2 150.9 3.0 Average passenger fare 169.12 141.92 19.2 154.98 9.1 Passenger revenue yield per RPM (cents) (f) 
 17.29 13.58 27.3 15.82 9.3 Operating revenues per ASM (cents) (g)(j) 
 16.04 11.96 34.1 14.26 12.5 Passenger revenue per ASM (cents) (h) 
 14.42 10.66 35.3 13.21 9.2 Operating expenses per ASM (cents) (i) 
 15.36 10.66 44.1 12.38 24.1 Operating expenses per ASM, excluding fuel (cents) 11.33 8.15 39.0 9.62 17.8 Operating expenses per ASM, excluding fuel and profitsharing (cents) 11.25 7.98 41.0 9.19 22.4 Fuel costs per gallon, including fuel tax 3.10 1.98 56.6 2.09 48.3 Fuel costs per gallon, including fuel tax, economic 3.07 2.01 52.7 2.09 46.9 Fuel consumed, in gallons (millions) 1,922 1,668 15.2 2,077 (7.5) Active full-time equivalent Employees (j) 66,656 55,093 21.0 60,767 9.7 Aircraft at end of period (k) 770 728 5.8 747 3.1 
 (a) A revenue passenger mile is one paying passenger flown one mile. Also referred to as "traffic," which is a measure of demand for a given period. 
 (b) An available seat mile is one seat (empty or full) flown one mile. Also referred to as "capacity," which is a measure of the space available to carry passengers in a given period. 
 (c) Revenue passenger miles divided by available seat miles. 
 (d) Seats flown is calculated using total number of seats available by aircraft type multiplied by the total trips flown by the same aircraft type during a particular period. 
 (e) Seats per trip is calculated by dividing seats flown by trips flown. 
 (f) Calculated as passenger revenue divided by revenue passenger miles. Also referred to as "yield," this is the average cost paid by a paying passenger to fly one mile, which is a measure of revenue production and fares. 
 (g) Calculated as operating revenues divided by available seat miles. Also referred to as "operating unit revenues" or "RASM," this is a measure of operating revenue production based on the total available seat miles flown during a particular period. 
 (h) Calculated as passenger revenue divided by available seat miles. Also referred to as "passenger unit revenues," this is a measure of passenger revenue production based on the total available seat miles flown during a particular period. 
 (i) Calculated as operating expenses divided by available seat miles. Also referred to as "unit costs" or "cost per available seat mile," this is the average cost to fly an aircraft seat (empty or full) one mile, which is a measure of cost efficiencies. 
 (j) Included less than 250 Employees on Extended Emergency Time Off program as of December 31, 2021. See Note 2 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for further information. 
 (k) Included four and six Boeing 737-700 ("700") Next Generation aircraft in temporary storage as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively. Also included 34 Boeing 737 MAX aircraft in long-term storage as of December 31, 2019. See Note 17 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for further information. 

60 

Table of Contents 

2023 Outlook 
 
 The following tables present selected financial guidance for first quarter and full year 2023: 
 1Q 2023 Estimation Operating revenue, year-over-year Up 20 to 24 ASMs, year-over-year (a) Up ~10 Economic fuel costs per gallon (b) (c) 3.25 to 3.35 Fuel hedging premium expense per gallon 0.06 Fuel hedging cash settlement gains per gallon 0.16 ASMs per gallon (fuel efficiency) 78 to 80 CASM-X, year-over-year (d) (e) Up 2 to 4 Scheduled debt repayments (millions) (f) ~ 60 Interest expense (millions) ~ 65 
 
 2023 Estimation ASMs, year-over-year (a) Up 16 to 17 Economic fuel costs per gallon (b) (c) 2.90 to 3.00 Fuel hedging premium expense per gallon 0.06 Fuel hedging cash settlement gains per gallon 0.14 CASM-X, year-over-year (d) (e) Down 6 to 8 Scheduled debt repayments (millions) ~ 85 Interest expense (millions) ~ 250 Aircraft (g) 843 Effective tax rate 23 to 24 Capital spending (billions) (h) 4.0 to 4.5 (a) Available seat miles (ASMs, or capacity). The Company's flight schedule is currently published for sale through August 14, 2023. The Company continues to expect second quarter 2023 capacity to increase approximately 14 percent, year-over-year. 
 (b) See Note Regarding Use of Non-GAAP Financial Measures for additional information on special items. In addition, information regarding special items and economic results is included in the accompanying table Reconciliation of Reported Amounts to Non-GAAP Items (also referred to as "excluding special items"). 
 (c) Based on the Company's existing fuel derivative contracts and market prices as of January 20, 2023, first quarter and full year 2023 economic fuel costs per gallon are estimated to be in the range of 3.25 to 3.35 and 2.90 to 3.00, respectively, compared with the Company's previous estimations in the range of 3.00 to 3.10 and 2.85 to 2.95, respectively. Economic fuel cost projections do not reflect the potential impact of special items because the Company cannot reliably predict or estimate the hedge accounting impact associated with the volatility of the energy markets, or the impact to its financial statements in future periods. Accordingly, the Company believes a reconciliation of non-GAAP financial measures to the equivalent GAAP financial measures for projected results is not meaningful or available without unreasonable effort. See Note Regarding Use of Non-GAAP Financial Measures. 
 (d) Operating expenses per available seat mile, excluding fuel and oil expense, special items, and profitsharing. 
 (e) Projections do not reflect the potential impact of fuel and oil expense, special items, and profitsharing because the Company cannot reliably predict or estimate those items or expenses or their impact to its financial statements in future periods, especially considering the significant volatility of the fuel and oil expense line item. Accordingly, the Company believes a reconciliation of non-GAAP financial measures to the equivalent GAAP financial measures for these projected results is not meaningful or available without unreasonable effort. 
 (f) The Company expects to retire approximately 50 million in principal related to a lease buyout transaction in first quarter 2023, shifting this payment forward from the previous monthly payments scheduled throughout the remainder of 2023 and beyond. Combined with the retirement of 191 million in principal related to a lease buyout transaction in fourth quarter 2022, the Company's full year 2023 scheduled debt repayments remained roughly the same as its previous guidance. 
 (g) Aircraft on property, end of period. The Company ended 2022 with 770 Boeing 737 aircraft. The Company continues to estimate approximately 100 Boeing 737 MAX ("MAX") aircraft deliveries in 2023, including 30 Boeing 737-8 ("-8") aircraft deliveries expected in first quarter 2023. The Company continues to expect to retire 27 Boeing -700 aircraft in 2023, including 
 61 

Table of Contents 

 5 -700 retirements in first quarter 2023. As a result of receiving two additional -8 deliveries in fourth quarter 2022, as compared with the Company's previous estimation, the Company now expects to end 2023 with 843 aircraft, compared with its previous guidance of 841 aircraft. The delivery schedule for the Boeing 737-7 ("-7") is dependent on the Federal Aviation Administration ("FAA") issuing required certifications and approvals to The Boeing Company ("Boeing") and the Company. The FAA will ultimately determine the timing of the -7 certification and entry into service, and the Company therefore offers no assurances that current estimations and timelines are correct. See Note 5 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for further information on the Company's aircraft commitments with Boeing. 
 (h) Represents the Company's current estimate which continues to assume approximately 100 Boeing MAX aircraft deliveries and 1.2 billion in non-aircraft capital spending in 2023. 
 
 Thus far in January 2023, the Company has experienced an increase in flight cancellations and a deceleration in bookings, primarily for January and February 2023 travel, which are assumed to be associated with the operational disruptions in December 2022. As a result, the Company currently estimates a negative revenue impact in the range of 300 million to 350 million in first quarter 2023. Encouragingly, booking trends have improved sequentially this month, including notable strength in Rapid Rewards redemptions. Currently, March 2023 leisure booking and yield trends appear strong, and are trending in line with the Company's expectations at the time of its Investor Day in early December 2022. The recent improvements in close-in booking trends are encouraging, and the Company currently expects March 2023 managed business revenues to be roughly restored to March 2019 levels. 
 
 The Company continues to experience year-over-year inflationary and other cost pressures in first quarter 2023, in particular from higher labor rates and accruals for all Employee work groups, as well as higher rate estimates for benefits and airport costs. The Company currently expects its first quarter 2023 CASM-X to increase in the range of 2 percent to 4 percent, year-over-year approximately two points higher than its previous guidance of flat to up 2 percent, year-over year. Half of the two-point increase is attributable to a continuation of premium pay in January 2023 related to the December 2022 operational disruptions, and the remainder of the increase is primarily due to an increase in labor accruals for the Company's open labor contracts. 
 
 The Company currently expects its full year 2023 CASM-X to decrease in the range of 6 percent to 8 percent, year-over-year approximately five points lower than its previous guidance to decrease in the range of 1 percent to 3 percent, year-over-year. The vast majority of the five-point decrease in 2023 is due to the year-over-year impact from lower fourth quarter 2022 available seat miles and higher fourth quarter 2022 operating expenses than expected both attributable to the December 2022 operational disruptions offset slightly by an increase in 2023 labor accruals for the Company s open labor contracts. The Company plans to hire more than 7,000 new Employees, net of attrition, in 2023, a nearly 40 percent decrease from 2022 net hiring levels. 
 
 COVID-19 Pandemic Impacts 
 
 As detailed in Notes 2 and 7 to the Consolidated Financial Statements, in connection with the major negative impact of COVID-19 on air carriers, the Company received significant financial assistance from Treasury in the form of Payroll Support, and this assistance had a significant impact on the Company's reported GAAP financial results in 2021. Such impact ended in third quarter 2021, and the Company's 2022 results do not reflect the benefit of this Payroll Support, and its future periods are not expected to benefit from such Payroll Support. However, future cash flows will be impacted through the portion of Payroll Support that was in the form of loans that remain outstanding and will have to be repaid to Treasury. 
 
 During second quarter 2020, the Company introduced Voluntary Separation Program 2020 ("Voluntary Separation Program") and the Extended Emergency Time Off ("Extended ETO") program which helped closer align staffing to reduced flight schedules and enabled the Company to avoid involuntary furloughs and layoffs associated with the impacts of the pandemic. Approximately 16,000 Employees elected to participate in one of these programs. All Employees that elected to participate in the Extended ETO program have since returned or been recalled to work, or have chosen to permanently separate from the Company, and no Employees were on Extended ETO past March 31, 2022. The Company realized approximately 1.1 billion of full year 2021 cost savings from the Voluntary Separation Program and Extended ETO but experienced no material cost savings from these programs beyond 2021. See Note 2 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for further information. 
 62 

Table of Contents 

For the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company hired more than 11,500 Employees, net of attrition, and had returned to overall pre-pandemic staffing levels in May 2022. Thus, the Company's number of active full-time equivalents Employees increased by 21.0 percent from December 31, 2021 to December 31, 2022, while the year-over-year increase in capacity or ASMs was 12.5 percent. The Company has been making additional investments to attract and retain talent, including the decision in fourth quarter 2021 to further raise the Company's starting hourly pay rates from 15 per hour to 17 per hour for certain of its workgroups, subject, in each case, to acceptance of such change by the applicable union. 
 
 Company Overview 
 
 The Company has entered into supplemental agreements in 2022 with The Boeing Company ("Boeing") to increase aircraft orders and accelerate certain options with the goals of improving potential growth opportunities and frequencies to better align with the pre-pandemic operational route network, lowering operating costs, and further modernizing its fleet with less carbon-intensive aircraft. See Note 5 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for further information. The Company expects that more than half of the MAX aircraft in its firm order book will replace a significant amount of its 426 -700 aircraft over the next 10 to 15 years to support the modernization of the Company's fleet, a key component of the Company's environmental sustainability efforts. The Company's order book with Boeing as of December 31, 2022, consists of a total of 417 MAX firm orders -7 aircraft and -8 aircraft) for the years 2023 through 2030 and MAX options (-7s or -8s) for years 2024 through 2027. Given Boeing's supply chain challenges and the current status of the -7 certification, aircraft delivery delays are currently expected to extend into 2024. 
 
 The Company ended 2022 with 770 Boeing 737 aircraft, including 137 -8 aircraft. During 2022, the Company retired 26 -700 aircraft and took delivery of 68 -8 aircraft. The Company also completed the purchase of finance lease -700 aircraft and is expecting to finalize the purchase of additional finance lease -700 aircraft by the end of February 2023. See Note 8 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for further detail. 
 
 The Company has published its flight schedule through August 14, 2023 . The Company is expected to be limited by Pilot staffing constraints for the majority of 2023; therefore, it is not expected that aircraft delivery delays would result in required changes to the Company's published flight schedules. During 2022, the Company has primarily focused on restoring its network, principally in cities with a very strong Customer base, by adding city pair frequencies and connecting new service with existing points-of-strength to increase Customer depth. 
 
 On March 24, 2022, the Company announced a new fare product, Wanna Get Away Plus , which became available to Customers in May 2022. Wanna Get Away Plus provides Customers with more flexibility, choice, and rewards for a modest buy-up from the Company's Wanna Get Away fare product. In addition to all of the usual day of travel benefits and booking flexibility offered to Customers across all of the Company's fares, Wanna Get Away Plus provides additional benefits as compared with the Wanna Get Away fare product, including: 
 
 Transferable flight credit(s), a new benefit that generally enables Customers to make a one-time transfer of eligible unused flight credit(s) to a new traveler for future use; 
 More flexibility through same-day confirmed change/same-day standby; and 
 More earning power in the Company's Rapid Rewards loyalty program, with 8X points awarded on flights instead of the 6X points awarded on Wanna Get Away fares. 
 
 In July 2022, the Company announced that flight credits will no longer expire. The Company expects that this policy change, combined with its other attractive brand attributes, will contribute to an increase in Customer loyalty. Flight credits resulting from canceling reservations previously were valid for no longer than one year from the date of original purchase. Flight credits for non-refundable fares will be issued as long as the reservation is cancelled more than 10 minutes prior to the scheduled departure. Flight credits or refunds for refundable fares will be issued regardless of cancellation time. Flight credits unexpired on, or created on or after July 28, 2022 do not expire and will show an expiration date (12/31/2040) until the Company's systems are updated. A flight credit with an 
 63 

Table of Contents 

 expiration date on or before July 27, 2022, has expired in accordance with its previously stated expiration date. See Note 6 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for further information. 
 
 On December 6, 2022, the Company's Board of Directors reinstated and declared a quarterly cash dividend of 0.18 per share to Shareholders of record at the close of business on January 10, 2023, on all shares then issued and outstanding, to be paid on January 31, 2023. The Company's quarterly dividend of 0.18 per share, or 0.72 per share annualized, is equivalent to its dividend prior to the pandemic. 
 
 In 2021, the Company announced near- and long-term environmental sustainability goals, in addition to a series of actions and initiatives designed to assist the Company in achieving these goals. The Company continually monitors developments related to climate change and evaluates its goals and progress against these developments. The Company expects its path toward achievement of these goals will depend on, among other things (i) increased use of sustainable aviation fuel SAF ), which is not presently available at scale or at prices competitive to jet fuel; (ii) improved fuel efficiency from fleet renewal or planned fuel efficiency initiatives; (iii) operational initiatives; and (iv) technological innovation. 
 
 During 2022, the Company joined the Vision 2045 campaign, a collaboration among multiple organizations and companies to share films and resources that aim to inspire businesses and people to take action toward a more sustainable future. In addition, during 2022, the Company invested in SAFFiRE Renewables, LLC SAFFiRE ), a company formed by D3MAX, LLC, as part of a Department of Energy DOE )-backed project to develop and produce scalable, SAF. Funded with a DOE grant matched by the Company's investment, SAFFiRE intends to utilize technology developed by the DOE's National Renewable Energy Laboratory to convert corn stover, a widely available waste feedstock in the United States, into renewable ethanol that then would be upgraded into SAF. 
 
 As part of its commitment to corporate sustainability, on April 22, 2022, the Company published its 2021 One Report describing the Company's sustainability strategies, which include the Company s fuel conservation and emissions mitigation initiatives and other efforts to minimize greenhouse gas emissions and address other environmental matters such as energy and water conservation, waste minimization, and recycling. The Company also published its first ever Diversity, Equity, and Inclusion ("DEI") Report on April 22, 2022. A companion piece to the One Report, the DEI Report takes a deeper dive into the Company's DEI goals, and initiatives and highlights the expected path forward. Information contained in the Southwest One Report and/or the DEI Report is not incorporated by reference into, and does not constitute a part of, this Form 10-K. While the Company believes that the disclosures contained in the Southwest One Report, the DEI Report, and other voluntary disclosures regarding environmental, social, and governance ESG matters are responsive to various areas of investor interest, the Company believes that certain of these disclosures do not currently address matters that are material in the near term to the Company s operations, strategy, financial condition, or financial results, although this view may change in the future based on new information that could materially alter the estimates, assumptions, or timelines used to create these disclosures. Given the estimates, assumptions, and timelines used to create the Southwest One Report, the DEI Report, and other voluntary disclosures, the materiality of these disclosures is inherently difficult to assess. 

2022 Compared with 2021 
 
 Operating Revenues 
 Passenger revenues for 2022 increased by 7.3 billion, or 52.2 percent, compared with 2021. On a unit basis, Passenger revenues increased 35.3 percent, year-over-year. The increase in Passenger revenues on both a dollar and unit basis was primarily due to the easing of negative impacts associated with the COVID-19 pandemic, which resulted in improvements in Passenger demand and bookings, the majority of which were for leisure oriented travel, in 2022, compared with the severe decline in demand and bookings resulting from the COVID-19 pandemic for the majority of 2021. For 2022, the year-over-year RASM increase was primarily driven by an increase in yield of 27.3 percent coupled with an increase in Load factor of 4.9 points. 
 
 Freight revenues for 2022 decreased by 10 million, or 5.3 percent, compared with 2021, primarily due to capacity challenges driven by an increase in Passenger demand resulting in reduced space for cargo shipments. 
 
 64 

Table of Contents 

 Other revenues for 2022 increased by 692 million, or 45.0 percent, compared with 2021. On a dollar basis, approximately 55 percent of the increase was associated with additional revenues generated from the Company's new co-brand credit card agreement with Chase Bank USA, N.A. ("Chase") secured in December 2021. The remaining increase in Other revenues was primarily due to revenue from business partners, including Chase, as the rebound in travel demand also resulted in higher spend on the Company's co-brand credit card, as well as additional revenues earned through the Company's rental car and hotel partners . 
 
 Operating Expenses 
 
 Operating expenses for 2022 increased by 8.7 billion, or 62.0 percent, compared with 2021, while capacity increased 12.5 percent over the same prior year period. Approximately 30 percent of the operating expense increase was due to 2.7 billion in Payroll Support allocated to offset a portion of salaries, wages, and benefits in 2021, compared with no support received in 2022. In addition, approximately 30 percent of the increase was due to higher Fuel and oil expense and approximately 20 percent of the increase was due to higher Salaries, wages, and benefits. Historically, except for changes in the price of fuel, changes in Operating expenses for airlines have been largely driven by changes in capacity, or ASMs. The following table presents the Company's Operating expenses per ASM for 2022 and 2021, followed by explanations of these changes on a dollar basis. Unless otherwise specified, changes on a per ASM basis were driven by changes in capacity, which increased with the improvement of travel demand, causing the Company's fixed costs to be spread over significantly more ASMs. 
 
 Year ended December 31, Per ASM Percent (in cents, except for percentages) 2022 2021 change change Salaries, wages, and benefits 6.31 5.87 0.44 7.5 Payroll support and voluntary Employee programs, net (2.24) 2.24 n.m. Fuel and oil 4.03 2.51 1.52 60.6 Maintenance materials and repairs 0.58 0.65 (0.07) (10.8) Landing fees and airport rentals 1.02 1.10 (0.08) (7.3) Depreciation and amortization 0.91 0.96 (0.05) (5.2) Other operating expenses 2.51 1.81 0.70 38.7 Total 15.36 10.66 4.70 44.1 
 
 Operating expenses per ASM for 2022 increased by 44.1 percent, compared with 2021. Approximately, 50 percent of the year-over-year unit cost increase was driven by Payroll Support received in 2021, including from the Consolidated Appropriations Act, 2021 and the American Rescue Plan Act of 2021. Approximately, 30 percent of the increase was due to an increase in fuel expense. Operating expenses per ASM for 2022, excluding Fuel and oil expense, profitsharing, and special items (a non-GAAP financial measure), increased, year-over-year primarily due to an increase in Other Operating Expense due to Winter Storm Elliott and the operation disruption. See Note Regarding Use of Non-GAAP Financial Measures and the Reconciliation of Reported Amounts to Non-GAAP Financial Measures for additional detail regarding non-GAAP financial measures. 
 
 Salaries, wages, and benefits expense for 2022 increased by 1.6 billion, or 21.1 percent, compared with 2021. On a per ASM basis, Salaries, wages, and benefits expense for 2022 increased 7.5 percent, compared with 2021. On a dollar basis, approximately 40 percent of the increase was driven by an increase in capacity and number of trips flown, approximately 30 percent of the increase was due to step/pay rate increases for certain workgroups, which included open labor contract accruals, and approximately 15 percent of the increase was a result of incentive, gratitude, and premium pay offered to the Company's Operations Employees in an effort to address available staffing challenges related to the Omicron variant in first quarter 2022 and challenges related to the operational disruption in December 2022. 
 65 

Table of Contents 

The following table sets forth the Company s unionized Employee groups with amendable contracts that are currently in negotiations on collective-bargaining agreements: 
 
 Employee Group Approximate Number of Full-time Equivalent Employees Representatives Amendable Date Southwest Pilots 9,342 Southwest Airlines Pilots' Association ("SWAPA") September 2020 Southwest Flight Attendants 18,105 Transportation Workers of America, AFL-CIO, Local 556 ("TWU 556") November 2018 Southwest Ramp, Operations, Provisioning, Freight Agents 15,260 Transportation Workers of America, AFL-CIO, Local 555 ("TWU 555") February 2021 Southwest Meteorologists 12 TWU 550 June 2019 
 
 On October 11, 2022, the Company's nearly 170 Aircraft Appearance Technicians, represented by the Aircraft Mechanics Fraternal Association ("AMFA"), ratified a new five-year collective-bargaining agreement with the Company. The newly ratified agreement becomes amenable in July 2027. 
 
 On December 15, 2022, the Company's more than 8,000 Customer Service Agents, Customer Representatives, and Source of Support Representatives, represented by the International Association of Machinists and Aerospace Workers, AFL-CIO ("IAM"), ratified a new five-year collective-bargaining agreement with the Company. The newly ratified agreement becomes amendable in December 2027. 
 
 On December 30, 2022, the Company's more than 200 Flight Instructors, represented by the Transport Workers Union ("TWU"), ratified a new four-year collective bargaining agreement with the Company. The newly ratified agreement becomes amendable in January 2027. 
 
 On January 31, 2023, the Company's 50 Facilities Maintenance Technicians, represented by AMFA, ratified a new four-year collective bargaining agreement with the Company. The newly ratified agreement becomes amendable in November 2027. 
 
 On February 4, 2023, the Company's more than 400 Dispatchers, represented by the TWU, ratified a new four-year collective bargaining agreement with the Company. The newly ratified agreement becomes amendable in June 2027. 
 
 Payroll support and voluntary Employee programs, net had no amounts for 2022, and was a reduction to expense in 2021 and consisted primarily of the following items : 
 
 2.7 billion of Payroll Support proceeds allocated (credit to expense); 
 140 million net reduction in the Extended ETO liability (reduction to expense) relating to certain Employees being recalled prior to their previously elected return dates; and 
 117 million credit to expense associated with the Employee Retention Tax Credit for continuing to pay Employees' salaries during the time they were not working, as allowed under the CARES Act, and subsequent legislation. 
 
 See Note 2 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for further information. 
 
 Fuel and oil expense for 2022 increased by 2.7 billion, or 80.5 percent, compared with 2021. On a per ASM basis, Fuel and oil expense for 2022 increased 60.6 percent. On a dollar basis, approximately 80 percent of the increase was attributable to an increase in jet fuel prices per gallon, and the remainder of the increase was due to an increase in fuel gallons consumed. On a per ASM basis, the increase was primarily due to higher jet fuel prices. The 
 66 

Table of Contents 

 following table provides more information on the Company's economic fuel cost per gallon, including the impact of fuel hedging premium expense and fuel derivative contracts: 
 Year ended December 31, (per gallon) 2022 2021 Economic fuel costs per gallon 3.07 2.01 Fuel hedging premium expense (in millions) 78 100 Fuel hedging premium expense per gallon 0.04 0.06 Fuel hedging cash settlement gains per gallon 0.49 0.05 
 
 See Note Regarding Use of Non-GAAP Financial Measures and the Reconciliation of Reported Amounts to Non-GAAP Financial Measures for additional detail regarding non-GAAP financial measures. 
 
 The Company's 2022 available seat miles per gallon ("fuel efficiency") declined 2.4 percent, year-over-year, due to increased load factors and the removal from storage and increased usage of certain of the Company's least fuel-efficient aircraft, the -700, to support sequentially increasing flight schedules. When compared with 2019, fuel efficiency increased by 2.1 percent due to the March 2021 return to service of the Company's most fuel-efficient aircraft, the MAX. The MAX remains critical to the Company's efforts to modernize its fleet, reduce carbon emissions intensity, and achieve its near-term environmental sustainability goals. See Note 17 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for further information. 
 
 As of January 20, 2023, on an economic basis, the Company had derivative contracts in place related to expected future fuel consumption as follows: 
 Period Maximum fuel hedged percentage (a)(b) 2023 50 2024 39 
 
 (a) Based on the Company's current available seat mile plans. The Company is currently 56 percent hedged in first quarter 2023, 51 percent hedged in second quarter 2023, and 47 percent hedged in second half 2023. 
 (b)The Company's maximum fuel hedged percentage is calculated using the maximum number of gallons that are covered by derivative contracts divided by the Company's estimate of total fuel gallons to be consumed for each respective period. The Company's maximum number of gallons that are covered by derivative contracts may be at different strike prices and at strike prices materially higher than the current market prices. The volume of gallons covered by derivative contracts that ultimately get exercised in any given period may vary significantly from the volumes used to calculate the Company's maximum fuel hedged percentages, as market prices and the Company's fuel consumption fluctuate. 
 
 As a result of applying hedge accounting in prior periods, the Company has amounts in Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) ("AOCI") that will be recognized in earnings in future periods when the underlying fuel derivative contracts settle. The following table displays the Company's estimated fair value of remaining fuel derivative contracts (not considering the impact of the cash collateral provided to or received from counterparties - see Note 11 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for further information), as well as the deferred amounts in AOCI at December 31, 2022, and the expected future periods in which these items are expected to settle and/or be recognized in earnings (in millions): 
 
 Year Fair value of fuel derivative contracts at December 31, 2022 Amount of gains deferred in AOCI at December 31, 2022 (net of tax) 2023 352 177 2024 160 57 Total 512 234 
 
 67 

Table of Contents 

 Assuming no changes to the Company's current fuel derivative portfolio, but including all previous hedge activity for fuel derivatives that have not yet settled, and considering only the expected net cash receipts related to hedges that will settle, the Company is providing the below sensitivity table for first quarter 2023 and full year 2023 jet fuel prices at different crude oil assumptions as of January 20, 2023, and for expected premium costs associated with settling contracts each period, respectively. 
 
 Estimated economic fuel price per gallon, including taxes and fuel hedging premiums (b) Average Brent Crude Oil price per barrel First Quarter 2023 
 Full Year 2023 
 60 2.45 to 2.55 2.20 to 2.30 70 2.80 to 2.90 2.50 to 2.60 80 3.10 to 3.20 2.80 to 2.90 Current Market (a) 3.25 to 3.35 2.90 to 3.00 90 3.40 to 3.50 3.05 to 3.15 100 3.65 to 3.75 3.35 to 3.45 110 3.90 to 4.00 3.60 to 3.70 Fair market value 80 million 363 million Estimated premium costs 30 million 121 million 
 
 (a) Brent crude oil average market prices as of January 20, 2023, were approximately 87 and 85 per barrel for first quarter 2023 and full year 2023, respectively. 
 (b) The Company's current fuel derivative contracts contain a combination of instruments based in West Texas Intermediate ("WTI") and Brent crude oil; however, the economic fuel price per gallon sensitivities provided, assume the relationship between Brent crude oil and refined products based on market prices as of January 20, 2023. Economic fuel cost projections do not reflect the potential impact of special items because the Company cannot reliably predict or estimate the hedge accounting impact associated with the volatility of the energy markets, or the impact to its financial statements in future periods. Accordingly, the Company believes a reconciliation of non-GAAP financial measures to the equivalent GAAP financial measures for projected results is not meaningful or available without unreasonable effort. See Note Regarding Use of Non-GAAP Financial Measures. 

Maintenance materials and repairs expense for 2022 decreased by 2 million, or 0.2 percent, compared with 2021. On a per ASM basis, Maintenance materials and repairs expense decreased 10.8 percent, compared with 2021. On a dollar and per ASM basis, the decrease was primarily due to a decrease in engines and components expense driven by the Company's "power-by-the-hour" contract for the -700 engines expiring at the end of 2021, in which expense was incurred based primarily upon engine hours flown. At January 1, 2022, a time and materials contract commenced, pursuant to which -700 engine expense is based on actual repairs. This decrease was partially offset by an increase in the cost of various airframe and engine repairs as a result of maintenance vendor price escalation and an increase in heavy airframe check volume due to deferring costs and reduced operations in 2021 due to the COVID-19 pandemic. 
 
 Landing fees and airport rentals expense for 2022 increased by 52 million, or 3.6 percent, compared with 2021. On a per ASM basis, Landing fees and airport rentals expense decreased 7.3 percent, compared with 2021. On a dollar basis, approximately 50 percent of the increase was due to an increase in landing fees from the increased number of trips flown and approximately 50 percent was due to an increase in space rental rates and usage at various stations throughout the network, partially offset by higher settlements received from various airports in 2022. 
 
 Depreciation and amortization expense for 2022 increased by 79 million, or 6.2 percent, compared with 2021. On a per ASM basis, Depreciation and amortization expense decreased by 5.2 percent, compared with 2021. On a dollar basis, approximately 50 percent of the increase was due to several technology assets being placed into service since 2021, 35 percent of the increase was primarily due to the purchase of 68 -8 aircraft since 2021, and the remainder 
 68 

Table of Contents 

 was due to decreasing the airframe salvage value for the entire owned -700 fleet and accelerating the depreciation for certain -700 aircraft planned for early retirement in 2023. 
 
 Other operating expenses for 2022 increased by 1.3 billion, or 56.0 percent, compared with 2021. Included within this line item was aircraft rentals expenses in the amount of 195 million and 205 million for 2022 and 2021, respectively. On a per ASM basis, Other operating expenses increased 38.7 percent, compared with 2021. On a dollar and per ASM basis, approximately 40 percent of the increase was driven by costs associated with the December 2022 operational disruption, including estimated travel expense reimbursements being provided to impacted Customers and the estimated value of Rapid Rewards points offered as a gesture of goodwill to Customers that are expected to be redeemed. Approximately 20 percent of the increase was due to higher revenue related expenses (including credit card processing charges) associated with the significant increase in Passenger revenues versus 2021. The majority of the remainder of the year-over-year increases on a dollar and per ASM basis was due to various flight-driven expenses. 
 
 Other expenses (income) 
 
 Interest expense for 2022 decreased by 127 million, or 27 percent, compared with 2021. Approximately 60 percent of the decrease was due to elimination of the debt discount due to the adoption of ASU 2020-06, and 40 percent of the decrease was due to various debt repurchases throughout 2022, resulting in less fixed interest expense. See Note 3 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for further information . 
 
 Capitalized interest for 2022 increased by 3 million, or 8.3 percent, compared with 2021, primarily due to an increase in average progress payment balances for scheduled future aircraft deliveries . 
 
 Interest income for 2022 increased by 204 million, compared with 2021, due to higher interest rates. 
 
 Loss on extinguishment of debt for 2022 increased by 165 million, compared with 2021, primarily due to repurchases of 486 million face value of the Company's 1.25 Convertible Notes due 2025 (the "Convertible Notes") during 2022. See Note 7 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for further information. 
 
 Other (gains) losses, net, primarily includes amounts recorded as a result of the Company's hedging activities. See Note 11 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for further information on the Company's hedging activities. The following table displays the components of Other (gains) losses, net, for 2022 and 2021: 

Year ended December 31, (in millions) 2022 2021 Mark-to-market impact from fuel contracts settling in current and future periods (41) (7) Premium cost of fuel contracts not designated as hedges (28) 43 Unrealized mark-to-market adjustment on available for sale securities 4 Mark-to-market impact on deferred compensation plan investment 74 (33) Correction on investment gains related to prior periods (60) Other 3 7 12 (50) 

Income Taxes 
 
 The Company's annual 2022 effective tax rate was 25.9 percent, compared with 26.3 percent in 2021. The year-over-year decline in the tax rate is due to higher state taxes in 2021 and tax planning benefits recognized in 2022 related to federal tax credits and a partial tax deduction for losses incurred on repurchases of the Convertible Notes. 
 
 69 

Table of Contents 

 2021 Compared with 2020 
 
 The Company's comparison of 2021 results to 2020 results is included in the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2021, under Part II Item 7, Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. 

70 

Table of Contents 

 Reconciliation of Reported Amounts to Non-GAAP Financial Measures (excluding special items) (unaudited) (in millions, except per share amounts and per ASM amounts) 
 Year ended December 31, Percent 2022 2021 Change Fuel and oil expense, unhedged 6,780 3,350 Add: Premium cost of fuel contracts designated as hedges 105 57 Deduct: Fuel hedge gains included in Fuel and oil expense, net (910) (97) Fuel and oil expense, as reported 5,975 3,310 Add (Deduct): Fuel hedge contracts settling in the current period, but for which losses (gains) were reclassified from AOCI (a) (40) 8 Add (Deduct): Premium cost of fuel contracts not designated as hedges (28) 43 Fuel and oil expense, excluding special items (economic) 5,907 3,361 75.8 Total operating expenses, net, as reported 22,797 14,069 Add: Payroll support and voluntary Employee programs, net 2,960 Add (Deduct): Fuel hedge contracts settling in the current period, but for which losses (gains) were reclassified from AOCI (a) (40) 8 Add: Interest rate swap agreements terminated in a prior period, but for which losses were reclassified from AOCI (a) 3 Add (Deduct): Premium cost of fuel contracts not designated as hedges (28) 43 Deduct: Impairment of long-lived assets (35) (12) Total operating expenses, excluding special items 22,694 17,071 32.9 Deduct: Fuel and oil expense, excluding special items (economic) (5,907) (3,361) Operating expenses, excluding Fuel and oil expense and special items 16,787 13,710 22.4 Deduct: Profitsharing expense (127) (230) Operating expenses, excluding Fuel and oil expense, special items, and profitsharing 16,660 13,480 23.6 Operating income, as reported 1,017 1,721 Deduct: Payroll support and voluntary Employee programs, net (2,960) Add (Deduct): Fuel hedge contracts settling in the current period, but for which losses (gains) were reclassified from AOCI (a) 40 (8) Deduct: Interest rate swap agreements terminated in a prior period, but for which losses were reclassified from AOCI (a) (3) Add (Deduct): Premium cost of fuel contracts not designated as hedges 28 (43) Add: Impairment of long-lived assets 35 12 Operating income (loss), excluding special items 1,120 (1,281) n.m. Other (gains) losses, net, as reported 12 (50) Add: Mark-to-market impact from fuel contracts settling in current and future periods 41 7 Add (Deduct): Premium cost of fuel contracts not designated as hedges 28 (43) Deduct: Unrealized mark-to-market adjustment on available for sale securities (4) Other (gains) losses, net, excluding special items 77 (86) n.m. Year ended December 31, Percent 2022 2021 Change Income before income taxes, as reported 728 1,325 Deduct: Payroll support and voluntary Employee programs, net (2,960) Add (Deduct): Fuel hedge contracts settling in the current period, but for which losses (gains) were reclassified from AOCI (a) 40 (8) Deduct: Interest rate swap agreements terminated in a prior period, but for which losses were reclassified from AOCI (a) (3) Add: Impairment of long-lived assets 35 12 Deduct: Mark-to-market impact from fuel contracts settling in current and future periods (41) (7) Add: Unrealized mark-to-market adjustment on available for sale securities 4 Add: Loss on extinguishment of debt 193 28 Income (loss) before income taxes, excluding special items 959 (1,613) n.m. Provision for income taxes, as reported 189 348 Add (Deduct): Net income (loss) tax impact of fuel and special items (b) 47 (690) Provision (benefit) for income taxes, net, excluding special items 236 (342) n.m. Net income, as reported 539 977 Deduct: Payroll support and voluntary Employee programs, net (2,960) Add (Deduct): Fuel hedge contracts settling in the current period, but for which losses (gains) were reclassified from AOCI (a) 40 (8) Deduct: Interest rate swap agreements terminated in a prior period, but for which losses were reclassified from AOCI (a) (3) Add: Impairment of long-lived assets 35 12 Deduct: Mark-to-market impact from fuel contracts settling in current and future periods (a) (41) (7) Add: Loss on extinguishment of debt 193 28 Add: Unrealized mark-to-market adjustment on available for sale securities 4 Add (Deduct): Net income (loss) tax impact of special items (b) (47) 690 Net income (loss), excluding special items 723 (1,271) n.m. Net income per share, diluted, as reported 0.87 1.61 Add (Deduct): Impact of special items 0.36 (4.80) Deduct: Net impact of net income (loss) above from fuel contracts divided by dilutive shares (0.02) Add (Deduct): Net income (loss) tax impact of special items (b) (0.07) 1.12 Deduct: GAAP to Non-GAAP diluted weighted average shares difference (c) (0.06) Net income (loss) per share, diluted, excluding special items 1.16 (2.15) n.m. Operating expenses per ASM (cents) 15.36 10.66 Add (Deduct): Impact of special items (0.03) 2.23 Deduct: Fuel and oil expense divided by ASMs (4.03) (2.51) Deduct: Profitsharing expense divided by ASMs (0.08) (0.17) Operating expenses per ASM, excluding Fuel and oil expense, profitsharing, and special items (cents) 11.22 10.21 9.9 
 (a) See Note 11 to Consolidated Financial Statements for further information. 
 (b) Tax amounts for each individual special item are calculated at the Company's effective rate for the applicable period and totaled in this line item. 
 (c) Adjustment related to GAAP and Non-GAAP diluted weighted average shares difference, due to the Company being in a Net income position on a GAAP basis versus a Net loss position on a Non-GAAP basis for the year ended December 31, 2021. See Note 4 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for further information. 
 71 

Table of Contents 

 Note Regarding Use of Non-GAAP Financial Measures 
 
 The Company's Consolidated Financial Statements are prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States ("GAAP"). These GAAP financial statements may include (i) unrealized noncash adjustments and reclassifications, which can be significant, as a result of accounting requirements and elections made under accounting pronouncements relating to derivative instruments and hedging and (ii) other charges and benefits the Company believes are unusual and/or infrequent in nature and thus may make comparisons to its prior or future performance difficult. 
 
 As a result, the Company also provides financial information in this filing that was not prepared in accordance with GAAP and should not be considered as an alternative to the information prepared in accordance with GAAP. The Company provides supplemental non-GAAP financial information (also referred to as "excluding special items"), including results that it refers to as "economic," which the Company's management utilizes to evaluate its ongoing financial performance and the Company believes provides additional insight to investors as supplemental information to its GAAP results. The non-GAAP measures provided that relate to the Company s performance on an economic fuel cost basis include Fuel and oil expense, non-GAAP; Total operating expenses, non-GAAP; Operating expenses, non-GAAP excluding Fuel and oil expense; Operating expenses, non-GAAP excluding Fuel and oil expense and profitsharing; Operating income (loss), non-GAAP; Other (gains) losses, net, non-GAAP; Income (loss) before income taxes, non-GAAP; Provision (benefit) for income taxes, net, non-GAAP; Net income (loss), non-GAAP; Net income (loss) per share, diluted, non-GAAP; and Operating expenses per ASM, non-GAAP, excluding Fuel and oil expense and profitsharing (cents). The Company's economic Fuel and oil expense results differ from GAAP results in that they only include the actual cash settlements from fuel hedge contracts - all reflected within Fuel and oil expense in the period of settlement. Thus, Fuel and oil expense on an economic basis has historically been utilized by the Company, as well as some of the other airlines that utilize fuel hedging, as it reflects the Company s actual net cash outlays for fuel during the applicable period, inclusive of settled fuel derivative contracts. Any net premium costs paid related to option contracts that are designated as hedges are reflected as a component of Fuel and oil expense, for both GAAP and non-GAAP (including economic) purposes in the period of contract settlement. The Company believes these economic results provide further insight into the impact of the Company's fuel hedges on its operating performance and liquidity since they exclude the unrealized, noncash adjustments and reclassifications that are recorded in GAAP results in accordance with accounting guidance relating to derivative instruments, and they reflect all cash settlements related to fuel derivative contracts within Fuel and oil expense. This enables the Company's management, as well as investors and analysts, to consistently assess the Company's operating performance on a year-over-year or quarter-over-quarter basis after considering all efforts in place to manage fuel expense. However, because these measures are not determined in accordance with GAAP, such measures are susceptible to varying calculations, and not all companies calculate the measures in the same manner. As a result, the aforementioned measures, as presented, may not be directly comparable to similarly titled measures presented by other companies. 
 
 Further information on (i) the Company's fuel hedging program, (ii) the requirements of accounting for derivative instruments, and (iii) the causes of hedge ineffectiveness and/or mark-to-market gains or losses from derivative instruments is included in Note 11 to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 
 The Company s GAAP results in the applicable periods may include other charges or benefits that are also deemed "special items," that the Company believes make its results difficult to compare to prior periods, anticipated future periods, or industry trends. Financial measures identified as non-GAAP (or as excluding special items) have been adjusted to exclude special items. For the periods presented, in addition to the items discussed above, special items include: 
 1. Proceeds related to the Payroll Support programs, which were used to pay a portion of Employee salaries, wages, and benefits; 
 2. Charges and adjustments to previously accrued amounts related to the Company's extended leave programs; 
 3. Adjustments for prior period losses reclassified from AOCI associated with forward-starting interest rate swap agreements that were terminated in prior periods related to 12 -8 aircraft leases; 
 72 

Table of Contents 

 4. Noncash impairment charges, primarily associated with adjustments to the salvage values for previously retired airframes; 
 5. Unrealized mark-to-market adjustment associated with certain available for sale securities; and 
 6. Losses associated with the partial extinguishment of the Company's convertible notes and early prepayment of debt. 
 
 In third quarter 2022, management determined that presentation within its income statement would be enhanced by classification of Loss on extinguishment of debt as a separate line item, rather than its prior presentation where it was included as a component of Other (gains) losses, net. Such losses are incurred as a result of opportunistic decisions made by the Company to prepay portions of its debt, most of which was taken on during the pandemic in order to provide liquidity during the prolonged downturn in air travel. Due to the nature of these losses, which are difficult to accurately predict, and due to the fact that they are not representative of the Company s day-to-day airline operating performance, the Company has included such amounts as special items and thus excluded them from certain of its non-GAAP measures in the accompanying reconciliations. 
 
 Because management believes special items can distort the trends associated with the Company s ongoing performance as an airline, the Company believes that evaluation of its financial performance can be enhanced by a supplemental presentation of results that exclude the impact of special items in order to enhance consistency and comparativeness with results in prior periods that do not include such items and as a basis for evaluating operating results in future periods. The following measures are often provided, excluding special items, and utilized by the Company s management, analysts, and investors to enhance comparability of year-over-year results, as well as to industry trends: Fuel and oil expense, non-GAAP; Total operating expenses, non-GAAP; Operating expenses, non-GAAP excluding Fuel and oil expense; Operating expenses, non-GAAP excluding Fuel and oil expense and profitsharing; Operating income (loss), non-GAAP; Other (gains) losses, net, non-GAAP; Income (loss) before income taxes, non-GAAP; Provision (benefit) for income taxes, net, non-GAAP; Net income (loss), non-GAAP; Net income (loss) per share, diluted, non-GAAP; and Operating expenses per ASM, non-GAAP, excluding Fuel and oil expense and profitsharing (cents). 

73 

Table of Contents 

 Liquidity and Capital Resources 
 
 The enormous impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on the U.S. travel industry created an urgent liquidity crisis, especially during 2020, for the entire airline industry, including the Company. However, due to the Company's pre-pandemic low balance sheet leverage, large base of unencumbered assets, and investment-grade credit ratings, the Company was able to quickly access additional liquidity during 2020, as Customer cancellations and ticket refunds spiked and sales and revenues dropped while the Company continued to experience significant fixed operating expenses. See Note 2 and Note 11 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for further information regarding the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic, as well as the transactions completed and assistance obtained under Payroll Support programs. 
 
 Net cash provided by operating activities for 2022 was 3.8 billion, and net cash provided by operating activities for 2021 was 2.3 billion. Operating cash inflows are historically primarily derived from providing air transportation to Customers. The vast majority of tickets are purchased prior to the day on which travel is provided and, in some cases, several months before the anticipated travel date. Operating cash outflows are related to the recurring expenses of airline operations. The operating cash flows for 2022 were largely impacted by the Company's net income (as adjusted for noncash items), a 525 million increase in Air traffic liability driven by higher ticket sales related to an increase in travel demand, a 472 million cash tax refund from the Internal Revenue Service associated with the 2020 tax year, and a 139 million cash excise tax refund for excise taxes remitted to taxing authorities for which the subsequent flights were canceled by Customers, resulting in amounts due back to the Company. Cash flows associated with entering into new fuel derivatives, which are classified as Other, net, operating cash flows, were net outflows of 81 million in 2022 and 34 million in 2021. See Note 11 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for further information. Operating cash flows for 2021 included 2.7 billion in Payroll Support program grant proceeds received and 591 million increase in Air traffic liability driven by increased ticket sales related to an increase in leisure travel demand. Net cash provided by operating activities is primarily used to finance capital expenditures, repay debt, and provide working capital. Historically, the Company has also used Net cash provided by operating activities to fund stock repurchases and pay dividends; however these shareholder return activities were suspended through September 30, 2022, due to restrictions associated with the payroll assistance under the Payroll Support programs and the Company's amended and restated revolving credit facility. On December 6, 2022, the Company reinstated and declared a quarterly cash dividend of 0.18 per share to Shareholders of record at the close of business on January 10, 2023, on all shares then issued and outstanding, to be paid on January 31, 2023. See Note 2 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for further information on restrictions associated with the Payroll Support Programs. 
 
 Net cash used in investing activities for 2022 was 3.7 billion, and net cash used in investing activities for 2021 was 1.3 billion. Investing activities in both years included Capital expenditures, and changes in the balance of the Company's short-term and noncurrent investments. Capital expenditures were 3.9 billion, compared with 505 million in the same prior year period. Capital expenditures increased, year-over-year, largely due to a substantial increase in progress and delivery payments made for current period and future aircraft deliveries during 2022, compared to the same prior year period, when progress payments were not made through November 2021 due to delivery credits provided by Boeing to the Company resulting from the settlement of 2020 estimated damages relating to the FAA grounding of the MAX aircraft. See Note 17 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for further information. Capital expenditures during 2022 also included approximately 174 million associated with the Company's purchase of 31 finance leased aircraft from the lessor. See Note 8 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for further information. 
 
 The Company estimates its 2023 capital spending to be in the range of 4.0 billion to 4.5 billion, which assumes approximately 100 MAX aircraft deliveries in 2023. The Company's 2023 capital spending guidance continues to include approximately 1.2 billion in non-aircraft capital spending. Including both capital spending and operating expense budgets, the Company currently expects to spend approximately 1.3 billion in 2023 on technology investments, upgrades, and system maintenance. 
 
 74 

Table of Contents 

 Net cash used in financing activities for 2022 was 3.0 billion, and net cash provided by financing activities for 2021 was 359 million, respectively. During 2022, the Company repaid 3.1 billion in debt and finance lease obligations, including a 1.3 billion prepayment for all of its outstanding 4.75 Notes due 2023 and the extinguishment of 486 million in principal of its Convertible Notes for cash payments totaling 648 million. The Company may engage in early debt repurchases from time to time and some of these early future repurchases are not included in the Company's current maturities of long-term debt. Also, see investing activities section above and Note 8 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for further information on the Company's purchase of finance leased aircraft, which resulted in a 191 million elimination of the Company's remaining finance lease obligations for these aircraft. During 2021, the Company's financing activities included borrowing 1.1 billion under Payroll Support programs. See Note 2 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for further information. The Company also repaid 905 million in debt and finance lease obligations, including the extinguishment of 203 million in principal of its Convertible Notes for cash payments totaling 293 million during 2021. 
 
 A discussion of the Company's most significant drivers impacting cash flow for 2020 are included in the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2021, under Part II Item 7, Liquidity and Capital Resources. 
 
 The Company is a "well-known seasoned issuer" and currently has an effective shelf registration statement registering an indeterminate amount of debt and equity securities for future sales. The Company currently intends to use the proceeds from any future securities sales off this shelf registration statement for general corporate purposes. 
 
 The Company has access to 1.0 billion under its amended and restated revolving credit facility (the "Amended A R Credit Agreement"). There were no amounts outstanding under the Amended A R Credit Agreement as of December 31, 2022. See Note 7 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for further information. 
 
 Although not the case at December 31, 2022 due to the Company's significant financing activities throughout the early stages of the pandemic, the Company has historically carried a working capital deficit, in which its current liabilities exceed its current assets. This is common within the airline industry and is primarily due to the nature of the Air traffic liability account, which is related to advance ticket sales, unused flight credits available to Customers, and loyalty deferred revenue, which are performance obligations for future Customer flights, do not require future settlement in cash, and are mostly nonrefundable. See Note 6 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for further information. 
 
 The Company believes it has various options available to meet its capital and operating commitments, including unrestricted cash and short-term investments of 12.3 billion as of December 31, 2022, and anticipated future internally generated funds from operations. See Note 2 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for further information on the impacts of the COVID-19 pandemic. 
 
 The following discussion includes various short-term and long-term material cash requirements from known contractual and other obligations, but does not include amounts that are contingent on events or other factors that are uncertain or unknown at this time. Given the Company's current liquidity position, available resources, and prevailing outlook, it expects to be able to fulfill both its short-term and long-term material cash requirements. The amounts disclosed are based on various estimates, including estimates regarding the timing of payments, prevailing interest rates, volumes purchased, the occurrence of certain events and other factors. Accordingly, the actual results may vary materially from the amounts discussed herein. 
 
 Debt 
 
 See Note 7 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for further detail on the Company's debt and the timing of expected and future principal payments. The Company also has significant future obligations associated with fixed interest payments associated with its debt. As of December 31, 2022, future interest payments associated with its fixed rate debt (excluding interest associated with finance leases) were 239 million in 2023, 238 million in 2024, 198 million in 2025, 166 million in 2026, 114 million in 2027, and 161 million thereafter. 
 75 

Table of Contents 

The Company's Convertible Notes did not meet the criteria to be converted by holders as of the date of the financial statements, and thus are classified as Long-term debt in the accompanying Consolidated Balance Sheet as of December 31, 2022. If the provisions were met to allow holders to exercise their conversion option on these instruments, all of the remaining convertible notes would be reclassified as a current obligation. Also, the Company has engaged in transactions with certain convertible debt holders to purchase their instruments in private transactions from time to time in cash, and may continue to do so in future periods. The Company considers its prevailing stock price, the trading price of its convertible debt instruments, and its available liquidity in determining how much of these instruments it may attempt to repurchase in such transactions. 
 
 Leases 
 
 The Company enters into leases for aircraft, airports and other real property, and other types of equipment in the normal course of business. See Note 8 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for further detail. 
 
 Aircraft purchase commitments 
 
 The Company is required to make cash deposits toward the purchase of aircraft in advance. These deposits are classified as Deposits on flight equipment purchase contracts in the Consolidated Balance Sheet until the aircraft is delivered, at which time deposits previously made are deducted from the final purchase price of aircraft and are reclassified as Flight equipment. See Part I, Item 2 for a complete table of the Company's contractual firm deliveries and options for -7 and -8 aircraft, and Note 5 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for the financial commitments related to these firm deliveries. 
 
 Other 
 
 The Company's other material cash requirements primarily consist of outlays associated with normal operating expenses of the airline, including payroll, fuel, airport costs, etc. While many of these expenses are variable in nature, some of the expenditures can be somewhat fixed in the short-term due to the lead-time involved in publishing the Company's flight schedule in advance and providing for resources to be available to operate those schedules. 
 
 The Company has a large net deferred tax liability on its Consolidated Balance Sheet. The deferral of income taxes has resulted in a significant benefit to the Company and its liquidity position. Since the Company purchases the majority of the aircraft it acquires, it has been able to utilize accelerated depreciation methods (including bonus depreciation) available under the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, in 2022 and in previous years, which has enabled the Company to accelerate cash tax benefits of depreciation. Based on the Company s scheduled future aircraft deliveries from Boeing and existing tax laws in effect, the Company will continue to accelerate the cash income tax benefits related to aircraft purchases. Due to the Company's net taxable loss incurred in 2020, and a provision within the CARES Act that allowed entities to carry back such 2020 losses to prior periods of up to five years, and claim refunds of federal taxes paid, the Company received a significant cash tax refund of 472 million associated with this taxable loss from the Internal Revenue Service during second quarter 2022. The Company was in a net taxable loss position in 2022 and has federal and state operating loss carryforwards, 275 million and 43 million (tax-effected), respectively, to reduce taxable income in future periods. See Note 15 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for further information. The Company has paid in the past, and will continue to pay in the future, cash taxes to the various taxing jurisdictions where it operates. The Company expects to be able to continue to meet such obligations utilizing cash and investments on hand, as well as cash generated from its ongoing operations. 
 76 

Table of Contents 

 CRITICAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ESTIMATES 
 
 The Company s Consolidated Financial Statements have been prepared in accordance with GAAP. The Company s significant accounting policies are described in Note 1 to the Consolidated Financial Statements. The preparation of financial statements in accordance with GAAP requires the Company s management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the amounts reported in the Consolidated Financial Statements and accompanying footnotes. The Company s estimates and assumptions are based on historical experience and changes in the business environment. However, actual results may differ from estimates under different conditions, sometimes materially. Critical accounting policies and estimates are defined as those that both (i) are most important to the portrayal of the Company s financial condition and results and (ii) require management s most subjective judgments. The Company s critical accounting policies and estimates are described below. 
 
 Revenue Recognition 
 
 Tickets sold for Passenger air travel are initially deferred as Air traffic liability. Passenger revenue is recognized and Air traffic liability is reduced when the service is provided (i.e., when the flight takes place). Air traffic liability primarily represents tickets sold for future travel dates, flight credits that are expected to be used in the future, and loyalty benefits that are expected to be redeemed in the future. Air traffic liability typically fluctuates throughout the year based on seasonal travel patterns, fare sale activity, and activity associated with the Company s loyalty program. See Note 1 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for information about the Company's revenue recognition policies. 
 
 For air travel on Southwest, the amount of tickets (which includes flight credits--also referred to as partial tickets), that will go unused, referred to as breakage, is estimated and recognized in Passenger revenue once the scheduled flight date has passed, in proportion to the pattern of rights exercised by the Customer, in accordance with Accounting Standards Codification 606, Revenue From Contracts With Customers ("ASC 606"). Estimating the amount of tickets that will ultimately go unused involves some level of subjectivity and judgment. The majority of the Company's tickets sold are nonrefundable, although flight credits created when a Customer cancels or modifies an existing flight itinerary can be applied towards the purchase of future travel. Unused flight credits are the primary source of breakage. Breakage estimates are based on historical experience over many years. Fully refundable tickets rarely go unused. 
 
 As a result of the COVID-19 pandemic, for all Customer flight credits created or scheduled to expire between March 1 and September 7, 2020 associated with flight cancellations, the Company initially extended the expiration date to September 7, 2022. See Note 6 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for further information regarding these extended flight credits. Since the Company did not have historical data to enable it to accurately estimate the pattern of usage of these extended credits, these credits have been classified as a current liability throughout their history. Subsequently, on July 28, 2022, the Company modified its policy and announced that all unexpired flight credits as of that date, including these extended flight credits, will no longer have an expiration date and thus will be able to be redeemed by Customers indefinitely. This change in policy was considered a contract modification under ASC 606 and the Company accounted for such change prospectively in third quarter 2022. The Company s balance of existing Customer flight credits as of the modification date was approximately 1.9 billion, including the extended flight credits that had been set to expire on September 7, 2022. 
 
 As a result of changes in observed Customer travel habits and behaviors during 2021 and 2022, the Company increased its estimates of normal Customer flight credits that are expected to go unused, as Customer redemptions of these "normal" credits had been at a slower rate than the Company s historical data for similar credits in periods prior to the COVID-19 pandemic. Although the Company continues to believe a portion of Customer flight credits will go unused following the Company's change in policy, including a portion of flight credits issued after July 28, 2022, the Company expects its prospective breakage rate associated with such flight credits to be at or slightly lower than historical pre-pandemic levels due to the fact that such flight credits no longer have an expiration date. 
 
 77 

Table of Contents 

 Observed Customer behavior that differs from historical experience can cause actual ticket breakage to differ significantly from estimates. Assumptions about Customer behavior are reviewed frequently and corresponding adjustments are made to breakage estimates, as needed, when observed behaviors differ from historical experience. Assumptions about Customer behavior can be impacted by several factors including, but not limited to: fare increases, fare sales, changes to the Company's ticketing policies, changes to the Company s refund, exchange and unused flight credit policies, seat availability, and economic factors. The Company s estimation techniques have been consistently applied from year to year; however, as with any estimates, actual ticket breakage may vary from estimated amounts. 
 
 Fair Value Measurements and Financial Derivative Instruments 
 
 The Company utilizes unobservable (Level 3) inputs in determining the fair value of certain assets and liabilities. At December 31, 2022, these consisted of its fuel derivative option contracts, which were an asset of 512 million. The Company utilizes financial derivative instruments primarily to manage its risk associated with changing jet fuel prices. See "Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk" for more information on these risk management activities, Note 11 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for more information on the Company s fuel hedging program and financial derivative instruments, and Note 12 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for more information about fair value measurements. 
 
 All derivatives are required to be reflected at fair value and recorded on the Consolidated Balance Sheet. At December 31, 2022, the Company was a party to over 125 separate financial derivative instruments related to its fuel hedging program for future periods. Changes in the fair values of these instruments can vary dramatically based on changes in the underlying commodity prices. For example, during 2022, market "spot" prices for Brent crude oil peaked at a high average daily price of approximately 128 per barrel and hit a low average daily price of approximately 76 per barrel. During 2021, market spot prices ranged from a high average daily price of approximately 86 per barrel to a low average daily price of approximately 51 per barrel. Market price changes can be driven by factors such as supply and demand, inventory levels, weather events, refinery capacity, political agendas, the value of the U.S. dollar, geopolitical events, the extent of the COVID-19 pandemic, and general economic conditions, among other items. Historically, the financial derivative instruments utilized by the Company primarily are a combination of collars, purchased call options, call spreads, put spreads, and fixed price swap agreements. 
 
 The Company enters into financial derivative instruments with third party institutions in "over-the-counter" markets. Since the majority of the Company s financial derivative instruments are not traded on a market exchange, the Company estimates their fair values. Depending on the type of instrument, the values are determined by the use of present value methods or standard option value models with assumptions about commodity prices based on those observed in underlying markets. 
 
 The Company determines the fair value of fuel derivative option contracts utilizing an option pricing model based on inputs that are either readily available in public markets, can be derived from information available in publicly quoted markets, or are quoted by its counterparties. In situations where the Company obtains inputs via quotes from its counterparties, it verifies the reasonableness of these quotes via similar quotes from another counterparty as of each date for which financial statements are prepared. The Company has consistently applied these valuation techniques in all periods presented and believes it has obtained the most accurate information available for the types of derivative contracts it holds. Due to the fact that certain inputs used in determining the estimated fair value of its option contracts are considered unobservable (primarily implied volatility), the Company has categorized these option contracts as Level 3. Although implied volatility is not directly observable, it is derived primarily from changes in market prices, which are observable. Based on the Company s portfolio of option contracts as of December 31, 2022, a 10 percent change in implied volatility, holding all other factors constant, would have resulted in a change in the fair value of this portfolio of less than 194 million. 
 
 Fair values for financial derivative instruments are estimated prior to the time that the financial derivative instruments settle. However, once settlement of the financial derivative instruments occurs and the hedged jet fuel is 
 78 

Table of Contents 

 purchased and consumed, all values and prices are known and are recognized in the financial statements. Although the Company continues to use a prospective assessment to determine that commodities continue to qualify for hedge accounting in specific locations where the Company hedges, there are no assurances that these commodities will continue to qualify in the future. This is due to the fact that future price changes in these refined products may not be consistent with historical price changes. Increased volatility in these commodity markets for an extended period of time, especially if such volatility were to worsen, could cause the Company to lose hedge accounting altogether for the commodities used in its fuel hedging program. Further, should the anticipated fuel purchases covered by the Company's fuel hedges no longer be probable of occurring, the Company would discontinue hedge accounting. The loss of hedge accounting would create further volatility in the Company s GAAP financial results. 
 
 As discussed in Note 11 to the Consolidated Financial Statements, any changes in fair value of cash flow derivatives designated as hedges are offset within AOCI until the period in which the expected future cash flow impacts earnings. Any changes in the fair value of fuel derivatives that do not qualify for hedge accounting are reflected in earnings within Other (gains) losses, net, in the period of the change. Because the Company has extensive historical experience in valuing the derivative instruments it holds, and such experience is continually evaluated against its counterparties each period when such instruments expire and are settled for cash, the Company believes it is unlikely that an independent third party would value the Company s derivative contracts at a significantly different amount than what is reflected in the Company s financial statements. In addition, the Company also has bilateral credit provisions in some of its counterparty agreements, which provide for parties (or the Company) to provide cash collateral when the fair value of fuel derivatives with a single party exceeds certain threshold levels. Since this cash collateral is based on the estimated fair value of the Company s outstanding fuel derivative contracts, this provides further validation to the Company s estimate of fair values. 
 
 Loyalty Accounting 
 
 The Company utilizes estimates in the recognition of revenues and liabilities associated with its loyalty program. These estimates primarily include the liability associated with Rapid Rewards loyalty member ("Member") account balances that are expected to be redeemed for travel or other products at a future date. Loyalty account balances include points earned through flights taken, points sold to Customers, or points earned through business partners participating in the loyalty program. 
 
 Under the Southwest Rapid Rewards loyalty program, Members earn points for every dollar spent on Southwest base fares. The amount of points earned under the program is based on the fare amount and fare type, with higher fare types (e.g., Business Select) earning more points than lower fare types (e.g., Wanna Get Away). Each fare type is associated with a points earning multiplier, and points for flights are calculated by multiplying the fare amount for the flight by the fare type multiplier. Likewise, the amount of points required to be redeemed for a flight can differ based on the fare type purchased. Under the program, (i) Members are able to redeem their points for every available seat, every day, on every flight, with no blackout dates; and (ii) points do not expire. In addition, Members are able to redeem their points for items other than travel on Southwest Airlines, such as international flights on other airlines, cruises, hotel stays, rental cars, gift cards, event tickets, and more. In addition to earning points for revenue flights and qualifying purchases with Rapid Rewards Partners, Members also have the ability to purchase, gift, and transfer points, as well as the ability to donate points to selected charities. 
 
 The Company utilizes the deferred revenue method of accounting for points earned through flights taken in its loyalty program. The Company also sells points and related services to business partners participating in the loyalty program. Liabilities are recorded for the relative standalone selling price of the Rapid Rewards points which are awarded each period. The liabilities recorded represent the total number of points expected to be redeemed by Members, regardless of whether the Members may have enough to qualify for a full travel award. At December 31, 2022, the loyalty liabilities were approximately 5.2 billion, including 3.0 billion classified within Air traffic liability and 2.2 billion classified as Air traffic liability noncurrent. 
 
 In order to determine the value of each loyalty point, certain assumptions must be made at the time of measurement, which include an allocation of passenger revenue between the flight and loyalty points earned by passengers, and the fair value of Rapid Rewards points, which are generally based on their redemption value to the Customer. See 
 79 

Table of Contents 

 Note 6 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for further information on determining the estimated fair value of each loyalty point. 
 
 The majority of the points sold to business partners are through the Southwest co-branded credit card agreement ("Agreement") with Chase Bank USA, N.A. Consideration received as part of this Agreement is subject to ASC 606. The most recent instance in which the Agreement was amended was in fourth quarter 2021. The Agreement has the following multiple elements: travel points to be awarded, use of the Southwest Airlines brand and access to Rapid Rewards Member lists, advertising elements, and the Company s resource team. These elements are combined into two performance obligations, transportation and marketing, and consideration from the Agreement is allocated based on the relative selling price of each performance obligation. 
 
 Significant management judgment was used to estimate the selling price of each of the performance obligations in the Agreement at inception, including each time in which the Agreement has been materially amended. The objective is to determine the price at which the Company would transact a sale if the product or service was sold on a stand-alone basis. The Company determines the best estimate of selling price by considering multiple inputs and methods including, but not limited to, the estimated selling price of comparable travel, discounted cash flows, brand value, published selling prices, number of points awarded, and the number of points redeemed. The Company estimates the selling prices and volumes over the term of the Agreement in order to determine the allocation of proceeds to each of the multiple performance obligations. The Company records revenue related to air transportation when the transportation is delivered and revenue related to marketing elements when the performance obligation is satisfied. A one percent increase or decrease in the Company's estimate of the standalone selling prices, implemented as of January 1, 2022, causing a change to the allocation of proceeds to air transportation would not have had a material impact on the Company's Operating revenues for the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 
 Under its current program, Southwest estimates the portion of loyalty points that will not be redeemed. In estimating the breakage, the Company takes into account the Member s past behavior, as well as several factors related to the Member s account that are expected to be indicative of the likelihood of future point redemption. These factors are typically representative of a Member s level of engagement in the loyalty program. They include, but are not limited to, tenure with the program, points accrued in the program, and points redeemed in the program. The Company believes it has obtained sufficient historical behavioral data to develop a predictive statistical model to analyze the amount of breakage expected for all loyalty points. The Company updates this model at least annually, and applies the new breakage rates effective October 1st each year, or more frequently if required by changes in the business. Changes in the breakage rates applied annually in recent years have not had a material impact on Passenger revenues. For the year ended December 31, 2022, based on actual redemptions of points sold to business partners and earned through flights, a hypothetical one percentage point change in the estimated breakage rate would have resulted in a change to Passenger revenue of approximately 152 million (an increase in breakage would have resulted in an increase in revenue and a decrease in breakage would have resulted in a decrease in revenue). Given that Member behavior will continue to develop as the program matures, the Company expects the current estimates may change in future periods. However, the Company believes its current estimates are reasonable given current facts and circumstances. 
 
 80 

Table of Contents 

 Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 
 The Company has interest rate risk in its interest rate swaps, commodity price risk in jet fuel required to operate its aircraft fleet, and market risk in the derivatives used to manage its fuel hedging program and in the form of fixed-rate debt instruments. As of December 31, 2022, the Company operated a total of 94 aircraft under operating and finance leases. However, except for a small number of aircraft that have lease payments that fluctuate based in part on changes in market interest rates, the remainder of the leases are not considered market sensitive financial instruments and, therefore, are not included in the interest rate sensitivity analysis below. The Company does not purchase or hold any derivative financial instruments for trading purposes. See Note 11 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for information on the Company s accounting for its hedging program and for further details on the Company s financial derivative instruments. 
 
 Hedging 
 
 The Company purchases jet fuel at prevailing market prices, but seeks to manage market risk through execution of a documented hedging strategy. The Company utilizes financial derivative instruments, on both a short-term and a long-term basis, as a form of insurance against the potential for significant increases in fuel prices. The Company believes there can be significant risk in not hedging against the possibility of such fuel price increases, especially in energy markets in which prices are high and/or rising. The Company expects to consume approximately 2.2 billion gallons of jet fuel in 2023. Based on this anticipated usage, a change in jet fuel prices of just one cent per gallon would impact the Company s Fuel and oil expense by approximately 22 million for 2023, excluding any impact associated with fuel derivative instruments held. 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, the Company held a net position of fuel derivative instruments that represented a hedge for a portion of its anticipated jet fuel purchases for future periods. See Note 11 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for further information. The Company may increase or decrease the volume of fuel hedged based on its expectation of future market prices and its forecasted fuel consumption levels, while considering the significant cost that can be associated with different types of hedging strategies. The gross fair value of outstanding financial derivative instruments related to the Company s jet fuel market price risk at December 31, 2022, was an asset of 512 million. In addition, 106 million in cash collateral deposits were held by the Company in connection with these instruments based on their fair value as of December 31, 2022. The fair values of the derivative instruments, depending on the type of instrument, were determined by use of present value methods or standard option value models with assumptions about commodity prices based on those observed in underlying markets. An immediate 10 percent increase or decrease in underlying fuel-related commodity prices from the December 31, 2022, prices would correspondingly change the fair value of the commodity derivative instruments in place by approximately 191 million. Fluctuations in the related commodity derivative instrument cash flows may change by more or less than this amount based upon further fluctuations in futures prices, as well as related income tax effects. In addition, this does not consider changes in cash or letters of credit utilized as collateral provided to or by counterparties, which would fluctuate in an amount equal to or less than this amount, depending on the type of collateral arrangement in place with each counterparty. This sensitivity analysis uses industry standard valuation models and holds all inputs constant at December 31, 2022, levels, except underlying futures prices. 
 
 The Company s credit exposure related to fuel derivative instruments is represented by the fair value of contracts that are in an asset position to the Company. At such times, these outstanding instruments expose the Company to credit loss in the event of nonperformance by the counterparties to the agreements. As of December 31, 2022, the Company had eight counterparties for which the derivatives held were an asset. To manage credit risk, the Company selects and periodically reviews counterparties based on credit ratings, limits its exposure with respect to each counterparty, and monitors the market position of the fuel hedging program and its relative market position with each counterparty. However, if one or more of these counterparties were in a liability position to the Company and were unable to meet their obligations, any open derivative contracts with the counterparty could be subject to early termination, which could result in substantial losses for the Company. At December 31, 2022, the Company had agreements with all of its active counterparties containing early termination rights and/or bilateral collateral provisions whereby security is required if market risk exposure exceeds a specified threshold amount based on the 
 81 

Table of Contents 

 counterparty s credit rating. The C ompany also had agreements with counterparties in which cash deposits and/or letters of credit are required to be posted as collateral whenever the net fair value of derivatives associated with those counterparties exceeds specific thresholds. Refer to the counterparty credit risk and collateral table provided in Note 11 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for the fair values of fuel derivatives, amounts held as collateral, and applicable collateral posting threshold amounts as of December 31, 2022, at which such postings are triggered. 
 
 The Company is also subject to the risk that the fuel derivatives it uses to hedge against fuel price volatility do not provide adequate protection. The Company has found that financial derivative instruments in commodities, such as West Texas Intermediate ("WTI") crude oil, Brent crude oil, and refined products, such as heating oil and unleaded gasoline, can be useful in decreasing its exposure to jet fuel price volatility. In addition, to add further protection, the Company may periodically enter into jet fuel derivatives for short-term timeframes. Jet fuel is not widely traded on an organized futures exchange and, therefore, there are limited opportunities to hedge directly in jet fuel for time horizons longer than approximately 24 months into the future. 
 
 The Company also has agreements with each of its counterparties associated with its outstanding interest rate swap agreements in which cash collateral may be required based on the fair value of outstanding derivative instruments, as well as the Company s and its counterparty s credit ratings. As of December 31, 2022, no cash collateral deposits were provided by or held by the Company based on its outstanding interest rate swap agreements. 
 
 Due to the significance of the Company s fuel hedging program and the emphasis that the Company places on utilizing fuel derivatives to reduce its fuel price risk, the Company has created a system of governance and management oversight and has put in place a number of internal controls designed so that procedures are properly followed and accountability is present at the appropriate levels. For example, the Company has put in place controls designed to: (i) create and maintain a comprehensive risk management policy; (ii) provide for proper authorization by the appropriate levels of management; (iii) provide for proper segregation of duties; (iv) maintain an appropriate level of knowledge regarding the execution of and the accounting for derivative instruments; and (v) have key performance indicators in place in order to adequately measure the performance of its hedging activities. The Company believes the governance structure that it has in place is adequate given the size and sophistication of its hedging program. 
 
 Financial Market Risk 
 
 The vast majority of the Company s tangible assets are aircraft, which are long-lived. The Company s strategy is to maintain a conservative balance sheet and grow capacity steadily and profitably under the right conditions. While the Company uses financial leverage, it strives to maintain a strong balance sheet and has a "BBB+" rating with Fitch, a "BBB" rating with Standard Poor s, and a "Baa1" credit rating with Moody s as of December 31, 2022, all of which are considered "investment grade." See Note 7 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for more information on the material terms of the Company s short-term and long-term debt. 
 
 The Company's senior unsecured notes outstanding as of December 31, 2022 are all fixed-rate obligations. See Note 7 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for further information. 
 
 The 100 million 7.375 debentures due 2027 had at one point been converted to a floating rate, but the Company subsequently terminated the fixed-to-floating interest rate swap agreements related to it. The effect of this termination was that the interest associated with this debt prospectively reverted back to its original fixed rate. As a result of the gain realized on this transaction, which is being amortized over the remaining term of the corresponding notes, and based on projected interest rates at the date of termination, the Company does not believe its future interest expense, based on projected future interest rates at the date of termination, associated with these notes will significantly differ from the expense it would have recorded had the notes remained at floating rates. 
 
 The Company's total debt divided by total assets was 22.9 percent as of December 31, 2022. 
 
 82 

Table of Contents 

 The Company also has some risk associated with changing interest rates due to the short-term nature of its invested cash, which totaled 9.5 billion, and short-term investments, which totaled 2.8 billion at December 31, 2022. See Notes 1 and 12 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for further information. The Company currently invests available cash in certificates of deposit, highly rated money market instruments, investment grade commercial paper, treasury securities, U.S. government agency securities, and other highly rated financial instruments, depending on market conditions and operating cash requirements. Because of the short-term nature of these investments, the returns earned parallel closely with short-term floating interest rates. The Company has not undertaken any additional actions to cover interest rate market risk and is not a party to any other material market interest rate risk management activities. 
 
 A hypothetical 10 percent change in market interest rates as of December 31, 2022, would have resulted in an approximate 100 million change in the fair value of the Company s fixed-rate debt instruments. See Note 12 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for further information on the fair value of financial instruments. A change in market interest rates could, however, have a corresponding effect on earnings and cash flows associated with the Company s invested cash (excluding cash collateral deposits held, if applicable) and short-term investments because of the floating-rate nature of these items. Assuming floating market rates in effect as of December 31, 2022 were held constant throughout a 12-month period, a hypothetical 10 percent change in those rates would have resulted in an approximate 47 million impact on the Company s net earnings and cash flows. Utilizing these assumptions and considering the Company s cash balance (excluding the impact of cash collateral deposits held from or provided to counterparties, if applicable) and short-term investments outstanding at December 31, 2022, an increase in rates would have a net positive effect on the Company s earnings and cash flows, while a decrease in rates would have a net negative effect on the Company s earnings and cash flows. However, a 10 percent change in market rates would not impact the Company s earnings or cash flow associated with the Company s publicly traded fixed-rate debt. 
 
 The Company is also subject to a financial covenant included in its Amended A R Credit Agreement, and is subject to credit rating triggers related to its credit card transaction processing agreements, the pricing related to any funds drawn under its Amended A R Credit Agreement, and some of its hedging counterparty agreements. Certain covenants include the maintenance of minimum credit ratings and/or triggers that are based on changes in these ratings. The Company s Amended A R Credit Agreement contains a financial covenant to maintain total liquidity, as defined therein, of 1.5 billion at all times. As of December 31, 2022, the Company was in compliance with this covenant and there were no amounts outstanding under the Amended A R Credit Agreement. However, if conditions change and the Company fails to meet the minimum standards set forth in the Amended A R Credit Agreement, there could be a reduction in the availability of cash under the facility, or an increase in the costs to keep the facility intact as written. The Company s hedging counterparty agreements contain ratings triggers in which cash collateral could be required to be posted with the counterparty if the Company s credit rating were to fall below investment grade by two of the three major rating agencies, and if the Company were in a net liability position with the counterparty. See Note 11 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for further information. 
 
 The Company currently has agreements with organizations that process credit card transactions arising from purchases of air travel tickets by its Customers utilizing American Express, Discover, and MasterCard/VISA. Credit card processors have financial risk associated with tickets purchased for travel because the processor generally forwards the cash related to the purchase to the Company soon after the purchase is completed, but the air travel generally occurs after that time; therefore, the processor will have liability if the Company does not ultimately provide the air travel. Under these processing agreements, and based on specified conditions, increasing amounts of cash reserves could be required to be posted with the counterparty. There was no cash reserved for this purpose as of December 31, 2022. 
 
 A majority of the Company s sales transactions are processed by Chase Paymentech. Should chargebacks processed by Chase Paymentech reach a certain level, proceeds from advance ticket sales could be held back and used to establish a reserve account to cover such chargebacks and any other disputed charges that might occur. Additionally, cash reserves are required to be established if the Company s credit rating falls to specified levels below investment grade. Cash reserve requirements are based on the Company s public debt rating and a 
 83 

Table of Contents 

 corresponding percentage of the Company s Air traffic liability. As of December 31, 2022, no holdbacks were in place. 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, the Company was in compliance with all credit card processing agreements. The inability to enter into credit card processing agreements would have a material adverse effect on the business of the Company. The Company believes that it will be able to continue to renew its existing credit card processing agreements or will be able to enter into new credit card processing agreements with other processors in the future. 
 
 84 

Table of Contents 

 Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 

Southwest Airlines Co. 
 Consolidated Balance Sheet 
 (in millions, except share data) 
 December 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 ASSETS Current assets: Cash and cash equivalents Short-term investments Accounts and other receivables Inventories of parts and supplies, at cost Prepaid expenses and other current assets Total current assets Property and equipment, at cost: Flight equipment Ground property and equipment Deposits on flight equipment purchase contracts Assets constructed for others Less allowance for depreciation and amortization Goodwill Operating lease right-of-use assets Other assets LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY Current liabilities: Accounts payable Accrued liabilities Current operating lease liabilities Air traffic liability Current maturities of long-term debt Total current liabilities Long-term debt less current maturities Air traffic liability - noncurrent Deferred income taxes Noncurrent operating lease liabilities Other noncurrent liabilities Stockholders' equity: Common stock, par value: shares authorized; 
 shares issued in 2022 and 2021 
 Capital in excess of par value Retained earnings Accumulated other comprehensive income Treasury stock, at cost: and shares 
 in 2022 and 2021, respectively 
 ) ) Total stockholders' equity 
 
 See accompanying notes. 
 85 

Table of Contents 

 Southwest Airlines Co. 
 Consolidated Statement of Income (Loss) 
 (in millions, except per share amounts) 
 
 Year ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 OPERATING REVENUES: Passenger Freight Other Total operating revenues OPERATING EXPENSES, NET: Salaries, wages, and benefits Payroll support and voluntary Employee programs, net ) ) Fuel and oil Maintenance materials and repairs Landing fees and airport rentals Depreciation and amortization Other operating expenses Total operating expenses, net OPERATING INCOME (LOSS) ) OTHER EXPENSES (INCOME): Interest expense Capitalized interest ) ) ) Interest income ) ) ) Loss on extinguishment of debt Other (gains) losses, net ) Total other expenses (income) INCOME (LOSS) BEFORE INCOME TAXES ) PROVISION (BENEFIT) FOR INCOME TAXES ) NET INCOME (LOSS) ) NET INCOME (LOSS) PER SHARE, BASIC ) NET INCOME (LOSS) PER SHARE, DILUTED ) 
 
 See accompanying notes. 
 86 

Table of Contents 

 Southwest Airlines Co. 
 Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive Income (Loss) 
 (in millions) 
 
 Year ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 NET INCOME (LOSS) ) Unrealized gain (loss) on fuel derivative instruments, net of 
 deferred taxes of ), , and 
 ) Unrealized gain (loss) on interest rate derivative instruments, net of 
 deferred taxes of , , and 
 ) Unrealized gain (loss) on defined benefit plan items, net of deferred 
 taxes of , , and 
 ) Other, net of deferred taxes of , ), and 
 ) OTHER COMPREHENSIVE INCOME (LOSS) ) ) COMPREHENSIVE INCOME (LOSS) ) 
 
 See accompanying notes. 
 
 87 

Table of Contents 

 Southwest Airlines Co. 
 Consolidated Statement of Stockholders' Equity 
 (in millions, except per share amounts) 
 
 Year ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020 
 
 Common Stock Capital in excess of par value Retained earnings Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) Treasury stock Total Balance at December 31, 2019 ) ) Repurchase of common stock ) ) Issuance of common stock, net of issuance costs Issuance of common and treasury stock pursuant to Employee stock plans Share-based compensation Cash dividends, per share 
 ) ) Stock warrants Equity feature of convertible notes, net of issuance costs Comprehensive loss ) ) ) Balance at December 31, 2020 ) ) Cumulative effect of adopting Accounting Standards Update No. 2016-01, Financial Instruments ) Issuance of common and treasury stock pursuant to Employee stock plans Share-based compensation Stock warrants Equity feature of partial extinguishment of convertible notes ) ) Comprehensive income Balance at December 31, 2021 ) Cumulative effect of adopting Accounting Standards Update No. 2020-06, Debt (See Note 3) ) ) Issuance of common and treasury stock pursuant to Employee stock plans Share-based compensation Cash dividends, per share 
 ) ) Comprehensive income ) Balance at December 31, 2022 ) 
 
 See accompanying notes. 
 
 88 

Table of Contents 

 Southwest Airlines Co. 
 Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows 
 (in millions) 
 Year ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 CASH FLOWS FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES: Net income (loss) ) Adjustments to reconcile net income (loss) to cash provided by (used in) operating activities: Depreciation and amortization Impairment of long-lived assets Unrealized mark-to-market adjustment on available for sale securities Unrealized/realized (gain) loss on fuel derivative instruments ) ) Deferred income taxes ) ) Gain on sale-leaseback transactions ) Loss on extinguishment of debt Changes in certain assets and liabilities: Accounts and other receivables ) ) Other assets ) Accounts payable and accrued liabilities Air traffic liability Other liabilities ) ) ) Cash collateral received from (provided to) derivative counterparties ) Other, net ) Net cash provided by (used in) operating activities ) CASH FLOWS FROM INVESTING ACTIVITIES: Capital expenditures ) ) ) Supplier proceeds Proceeds from sale-leaseback transactions Assets constructed for others ) ) Purchases of short-term investments ) ) ) Proceeds from sales of short-term and other investments Net cash used in investing activities ) ) ) CASH FLOWS FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES: Issuance of common stock Proceeds from issuance of long-term debt Proceeds from term loan credit facility Proceeds from revolving credit facility Proceeds from convertible notes Proceeds from Payroll Support Program loan and warrants Proceeds from Employee stock plans Repurchase of common stock ) Payments of long-term debt and finance lease obligations ) ) ) Payments of term loan credit facility ) Payments of revolving credit facility ) Payments of cash dividends ) Payments of terminated interest rate derivative instruments ) Payments for repurchases and conversions of convertible debt ) ) Capitalized financing items ) Other, net Net cash provided by (used in) financing activities ) NET CHANGE IN CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS ) CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS AT BEGINNING OF PERIOD CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS AT END OF PERIOD CASH PAYMENTS FOR: Interest, net of amount capitalized Income taxes SUPPLEMENTAL DISCLOSURE OF NONCASH TRANSACTIONS: Adoption of Accounting Standards Update 2020-06, Debt (See Note 3) Right-of-use assets acquired under operating leases Flight equipment acquired against supplier credit memo Assets constructed for others Remeasurement of right-of-use asset and lease liability 
 
 See accompanying notes. 
 89 

Table of Contents 

 Southwest Airlines Co. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 
 1. Summary of Significant Accounting Policies 
 2. Worldwide Pandemic 
 3. New Accounting Pronouncements 
 4. Net Income (Loss) Per Share 
 5. Commitments and Contingencies 
 6. Revenue 
 7. Financing Activities 
 8. Leases 
 9. Common Stock 
 10. Stock Plans 
 11. Financial Derivative Instruments 
 12. Fair Value Measurements 
 13. Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) 
 14. Employee Retirement Plans 
 15. Income Taxes 
 16. Supplemental Financial Information 
 17. Boeing 73 7 MAX Grounding and Return to Service 
 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 90 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

 1. 
 
 million, net. These estimated items included reimbursements to Customers impacted by the cancellations for costs they incurred, the estimated value of Rapid Rewards points offered as a gesture of goodwill to Customers that are expected to be redeemed, and premium pay and additional compensation for Employees directly or indirectly impacted by the cancellations and recovery efforts. The financial impacts of the event to the Company also included lower fuel and oil and profitsharing expenses. As a result of this event, the Company recorded a net loss for fourth quarter 2022 in the amount of million. 
 
 million, respectively, from Other (gains) losses, net to Loss on extinguishment of debt. 
 
 Cash and Cash Equivalents 

million and million, respectively, in cash collateral deposits were held by the Company from its fuel hedge counterparties, and cash collateral deposits were held by or provided by the Company to its interest rate hedge counterparties for either period. Cash collateral amounts provided or held associated with fuel and interest rate derivative instruments are not restricted in any way and earn interest income at an agreed upon rate that approximates the rates earned on short-term securities issued by the U.S. Government. Depending on the fair value of the Company s fuel and interest rate derivative instruments, the amounts of collateral deposits held or provided at any point in time can fluctuate significantly. See Note 11 for further information on these collateral deposits and fuel derivative instruments. 
 
 Short-term and Noncurrent Investments 

91 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

Accounts and Other Receivables 
 
 See Note 16 for further information. The allowance for doubtful accounts was immaterial at December 31, 2022 and 2021. In addition, the provision for doubtful accounts and write-offs for 2022, 2021, and 2020 were each immaterial. 
 
 Inventories 
 
 The reserve for obsolescence was immaterial at December 31, 2022, and 2021. In addition, the Company s provision for obsolescence and write-offs for 2022, 2021, and 2020 were each immaterial. 
 
 Property and Equipment 
 
 years for flight equipment, and to years for ground property and equipment. As of December 31, 2022, residual values estimated for aircraft range from percent to percent, and generally range from to percent for ground property and equipment. Assets constructed for others consists of airport improvement projects in which the Company is considered to have control of the asset during the construction period. Once construction is effectively completed, the sale-leaseback model would apply when control passes from the lessee to the lessor. See Note 5 for further information. Leasehold improvements are amortized as a component of depreciation expense over the estimated useful life of the asset or the remaining term of the underlying lease, whichever is less. In certain situations, the term of the lease may include periods covered by renewal options, if renewal is reasonably certain. 
 
 During 2022, 2021, and 2020, the Company recorded impairment charges of million, million, and million, respectively, associated with the accelerated retirement of , , and of its 737-700 aircraft. 
 92 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

Aircraft and Engine Maintenance 

Goodwill and Intangible Assets 

93 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

 million are included as a component of Other assets in the Company's Consolidated Balance Sheet, as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

Revenue Recognition 

Approximately million, approximately million, and approximately million of the Company's Operating revenues in 2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively, were attributable to foreign operations. The remainder of the Company's Operating revenues, approximately billion, approximately billion, and approximately billion in 2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively, were attributable to domestic operations. 
 94 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

Advertising 
 
 Advertising and promotions expense for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020 was million, million, and million, respectively, and is included as a component of Other operating expense in the accompanying Consolidated Statement of Income (Loss). 
 
 Share-based Employee Compensation 

Financial Derivative Instruments 

Software Capitalization 
 95 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

. Costs incurred during the preliminary project or the post-implementation/operation stages of the project are expensed as incurred. Capitalized computer software, included as a component of Ground property and equipment in the accompanying Consolidated Balance Sheet, net of accumulated depreciation, was million and million at December 31, 2022, and 2021, respectively. Computer software depreciation expense was million, million, and million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively, and is included as a component of Depreciation and amortization expense in the accompanying Consolidated Statement of Income (Loss). The Company evaluates internal use software for impairment on a quarterly basis; if it is determined the value of an asset was not recoverable or it qualifies for impairment, a charge will be recorded to write down the software to the lower of its carrying value or fair value. The Company had no significant impairments during 2022, 2021, or 2020. 
 
 Insurance Reserves 

Income Taxes 

See Note 15 for further information. 
 
 Concentration Risk 
 
 percent of the Company s Employees are unionized and are covered by collective-bargaining agreements. A portion of the Company's unionized Employees, including its Pilots, Flight Attendants, Ramp Agents, Dispatchers, Facilities Maintenance Technicians, and Meteorologists, which had contracts that became amendable on or before December 31, 2022, were in discussions on labor agreements as of December 31, 2022. Those unionized Employee groups in discussions represent approximately percent of the Company s Employees as of December 31, 2022. 
 
 The Company attempts to minimize its concentration risk with regards to its cash, cash equivalents, and its investment portfolio. This is accomplished by diversifying and limiting amounts among different counterparties, the type of investment, and the amount invested in any individual security or money market fund. 
 
 96 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

 MAX aircraft in the Company's fleet. On November 18, 2020, the FAA rescinded the emergency order and issued official requirements to enable U.S. airlines to return the MAX to service. The Company returned the MAX to revenue service on March 11, 2021, after the Company met all FAA requirements and its Pilots completed updated, MAX-related training. The Boeing 737 MAX aircraft are crucial to the Company's growth plans and fleet modernization initiatives. The Company's contractual delivery schedule for the Boeing 737-7 ("-7") is dependent on the FAA issuing required certifications and approvals to Boeing and the Company. The FAA will ultimately determine the timing of the -7 certification and entry into service, and the Company therefore offers no assurances that current estimations and timelines are correct. 
 
 Boeing no longer manufactures versions of the 737 other than the MAX family of aircraft. If the MAX aircraft were to again become unavailable for the Company s flight operations, the Company s growth would be restricted unless and until it could procure and operate other types of aircraft from Boeing or another manufacturer, seller, or lessor, and the Company s operations would be materially adversely affected. In particular, if the Company s growth were to be dependent upon the introduction of a new aircraft make and model to the Company s fleet, the Company would need to, among other things, (i) develop and implement new maintenance, operating, and training programs, (ii) secure extensive regulatory approvals, and (iii) implement new technologies. The requirements associated with operating a new aircraft make and model could take an extended period of time to fulfill and would likely impose substantial costs on the Company. A shift away from a single fleet type could also add complexity to the Company s operations, present operational and compliance risks, and materially increase the Company's costs. Any of these events would have a material, adverse effect on the Company's business, operating results, and financial condition. The Company could also be materially adversely affected if the pricing or operational attributes of its aircraft were to become less competitive. See Note 17 for further information. 
 
 The Company is also dependent on sole or limited suppliers for aircraft engines and certain other aircraft parts and services and would, therefore, also be materially adversely impacted in the event of the unavailability of, inadequate support for, or a mechanical or regulatory issue associated with, engines and other parts. 
 
 The Company has historically entered into agreements with some of its co-brand, payment, and loyalty partners that contain exclusivity aspects which place certain confidential restrictions on the Company from entering into certain arrangements with other payment and loyalty partners. These arrangements generally extend for the terms of the agreements, none of which currently extend beyond October 31, 2030. Some of these agreements automatically renew on an annual basis, unless either party objects to such extension. None of these agreements are more than years in length. The Company believes the financial benefits generated by the exclusivity aspects of these arrangements outweigh the risks involved with such agreements. 

2. 

97 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

 /share 
 April 19, 2030 PSP2 /share 
 January 15, 2031 PSP3 /share 
 April 23, 2031 Total 
 
 In connection with the receipt of Payroll Support, the Company has been subject to certain restrictions, including the elimination of share repurchases and dividends through September 30, 2022 and limits on executive compensation until April 1, 2023. 
 
 Under each of the three Payroll Support programs, funds received were used solely to pay qualifying employee salaries, wages, and benefits. As of December 31, 2021, all grant portions of the Payroll Support programs received had been allocated and classified as a contra-expense line item in the Consolidated Statement of Income (Loss). Although there is no directly applicable U.S. GAAP guidance related to such government assistance received, the Company analogized its facts and circumstances, and has utilized the accounting principles within International Accounting Standards 20, Accounting for Government Grants and Disclosure of Government Assistance, with respect to the Payroll Support funds received. The Company has an option to prepay the promissory notes at any time without premium or penalty. Warrants will be settled through net share settlement or net cash settlement, at the Company s option. The Company has also granted Treasury certain demand underwritten offering and piggyback registration rights with respect to the warrants and the underlying common stock. The warrants do not have voting rights and include adjustments for below market issuances, payment of dividends, and other customary anti-dilution provisions. 
 
 On June 1, 2020, the Company announced Voluntary Separation Program 2020 ("Voluntary Separation Program"), a voluntary separation program that allowed eligible Employees the opportunity to voluntarily separate from the Company in exchange for severance, medical/dental coverage for a specified period of time, and travel privileges 
 98 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

 Employees elected to participate in the Voluntary Separation Program. 
 
 In conjunction with Voluntary Separation Program, the Company also offered certain contract Employees the option to take voluntary Extended Emergency Time Off ("Extended ETO"), for periods between six and months, with the exception of Pilots, who could elect to take Extended ETO for periods of up to , all subject to early recalls. Approximately Employees participated in the Extended ETO program in 2020 and 2021 combined. The Company had no Employees remaining on Extended ETO past March 31, 2022. 
 
 The purpose of Voluntary Separation Program and Extended ETO was to maintain a reduced workforce to operate at reduced capacity relative to the Company's operations prior to the COVID-19 pandemic. In accordance with the accounting guidance in Accounting Standards Codification Topic 712 (Compensation Nonretirement Postemployment Benefits), the Company accrued charges related to the special termination benefits described above upon Employees accepting Voluntary Separation Program or Extended ETO offers. The Company accrued expenses totaling billion for its Voluntary Separation Program and Extended ETO program in 2020, which are being reduced as program benefits are paid. For both the Voluntary Separation Program and Extended ETO programs combined, approximately million and million of the liability balances were relieved during 2022 and 2021, respectively, through payments to Employees, leaving a balance of million and million as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021. The liability associated with the Extended ETO program was fully relieved at March 31, 2022. During 2021, the Company determined that it was no longer probable that the remaining portion of the Employees on Extended ETO would remain on such leave for their entire elected term. Therefore, a portion of the accruals previously recorded were reversed, resulting in a net million credit to expense during 2021. Both the initial charge and the partial reversal were classified within Payroll support and voluntary Employee programs, net, in the accompanying Consolidated Statement of Income (Loss), and are in addition to the allocation of the PSP2 Payroll Support Program and PSP3 Payroll Support Program funds utilized to fund salaries, wages, and benefits, which totaled billion for the year ended December 31, 2021. 

3. 
 
 99 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

 million, from Additional paid-in capital to Long-term debt associated with its Convertible Senior Notes due 2025 (the "Convertible Notes"), and no longer records amortization of the debt discount to Interest expense. The cumulative effect from prior period amortization of the debt discount that has been recorded to Interest expense, offset by reductions to Capital in excess of par value related to the requisition of the equity component through previous repurchases, resulted in a million adjustment to the opening balance of Retained earnings upon adoption. The new standard requires the use of the if-converted method to calculate diluted EPS, which is generally more dilutive, rather than the treasury stock method as was the Company's policy pre-adoption. For the year ended December 31, 2022, the impact of adopting this new standard was a decrease to the Company's Net Income in the amount of million, or per diluted share, as a result of higher losses recognized on the Company's extinguishment transactions following the elimination of the equity component of the Convertible Notes, partially offset by the elimination of the non-cash interest expense associated with the prior debt discount amortization. See Note 4. 

4. 
 
 100 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

 ) Add: Interest expense (a) Net income attributable to common stockholders ) DENOMINATOR: Weighted-average shares outstanding, basic Dilutive effects of convertible notes (a) (b) Dilutive effects of stock warrants Dilutive effect of restricted stock units Adjusted weighted-average shares outstanding, diluted NET INCOME (LOSS) PER SHARE: Basic ) Diluted ) 
 
 (a) As of January 1, 2022, the Company adopted ASU 2020-06 using the modified retrospective method. The standard requires the Company to apply the if-converted method for purposes of diluted net income per share, which requires the Company to assume that all Convertible Notes were converted and outstanding for the entire period. Using this method, the numerator is affected by adding back interest expense and the denominator is affected by including the effect of potential share settlement, if the effect is more dilutive, regardless of the type of settlement. For the year ended December 31, 2022, all shares issuable on conversion were included in the denominator. See Notes 3 and 7 for further information regarding the new standard and the Convertible Notes. 
 (b) Prior to the adoption of ASU 2020-06, the Convertible Notes were accounted for using the treasury stock method for the purposes of Net income (loss) per share. For the year ended December 31, 2021, the average market price of the Company's common stock exceeded the conversion price per share of and as such, the common shares underlying the Convertible Notes were included in the diluted calculation. 

5. 
 
 -8 aircraft and -7 aircraft, as well as options for -7 or -8 aircraft, as of December 31, 2022. See Note 17 for further information on the Company's MAX aircraft. 
 
 Boeing continues to experience delays in fulfilling its commitments with regards to delivery of MAX aircraft to the Company, as a result of both supply chain constraints as well as achieving FAA certification of one of its new 
 101 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

 billion in 2023 (of which approximately billion primarily relates to the existing scheduled MAX aircraft to be delivered in 2023 and million relates to MAX aircraft that were contractually committed for 2022, but were not received), billion in 2024, million in 2025, billion in 2026, billion in 2027, and billion thereafter. 

In addition, subsequent to December 31, 2022, and through February 2, 2023, the Company has exercised -7 options for delivery in 2024, resulting in the Company's 2024 capital commitments increasing to billion. 
 
 William P. Hobby Airport 
 
 In March 2022, the Company finalized an agreement with the City of Houston, Texas (the "City") which owns William P. Hobby Airport ("Hobby") that is managed and operated by the City's Houston Airport System. Under the agreement, the Company will develop, design, and construct new gates in Hobby's West Concourse. gates will be for domestic use, with the remaining gate used for international travel, and the gates will include passenger hold rooms, passenger loading bridges, aircraft parking positions, increased baggage handling capacity, and other enabling network items. 
 
 The project is estimated to be completed in 2025 at a total cost of million. The Company will provide initial funding for the majority of the project, but is expected to be reimbursed for such funding from the City on a monthly basis and therefore would not significantly impact the Company s liquidity. The City plans to fund these reimbursements utilizing rates and charges collected from current and future Hobby occupants, including the Company. After the project is complete, the Company will have the right to lease of the additional gates in the West Concourse on a preferential basis in accordance with the terms and conditions for the use of preferential use gates, and use gate in the West Concourse on a common-use basis. 
 
 The Company currently believes that due to its control over the associated assets during the construction period, as well as its agreed upon role in overseeing and managing this project, it will be considered the owner of this project for accounting purposes. Amounts expended in 2022 and expected to be expended in 2023 associated with this project are not material. 
 
 Los Angeles International Airport 
 In October 2017, the Company executed a lease agreement with Los Angeles World Airports ("LAWA") (the "T1.5 Lease"). Under the T1.5 Lease, the Company oversaw and managed the design, development, financing, construction, and commissioning of a passenger processing facility between Terminals 1 and 2 (the "Terminal 1.5 Project"). The Terminal 1.5 Project included ticketing, baggage claim, passenger screening, and a bus gate. Construction on the Terminal 1.5 Project began during third quarter 2017 and was substantially completed at December 31, 2020. The project final cost was approximately million. During second quarter 2021, LAWA repaid the outstanding loan and purchased the remaining completed assets for accounting purposes, at which time the Terminal 1.5 Project right-of-use asset and lease liability of million on the balance sheet were de-recognized in accordance with applicable accounting guidance. This repayment was also reported as a supplemental noncash transaction on the Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows, net of Assets constructed for others additions during the period. 
 
 Dallas Love Field 
 
 During 2008, the City of Dallas approved the Love Field Modernization Project ("LFMP"), a project to reconstruct Dallas Love Field with modern, convenient air travel facilities. Pursuant to a Program Development Agreement 
 102 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

 million of principal remained outstanding associated with the Series 2012 bonds. The net present values of the future principal and interest payments associated with the bonds were million and million as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, and were reflected as part of the Company's operating lease right of use assets and lease obligations in the Consolidated Balance Sheet. 
 
 Contingencies 
 
 The Company is from time to time subject to various legal proceedings and claims arising in the ordinary course of business and records a liability for such claims when it is probable that a loss will be incurred and the amount is reasonably estimable. 
 
 In recent years, the airline industry has experienced an increase in litigation asserting the application of state and local employment laws, particularly in California. On June 30, 2022, the U.S. Supreme Court denied review of the Ninth Circuit s ruling in Bernstein v. Virgin America, Inc. , which held that federal law did not preempt the California state meal-and-rest-break regulations for flight attendants at issue. The Company is a defendant in multiple proceedings asserting wage and hour claims with respect to certain employees who work in, or are based in, California. The Bernstein decision may adversely affect the Company s defenses in some or all of those proceedings and may give rise to additional litigation in these or other areas previously believed to be preempted by federal law. The Company is currently not able to estimate a range of possible loss. 
 
 Based on the wide-scale operational disruptions for the Company that led to the cancelation of a significant number of flights between December 21 and December 29, 2022, the Company could be subject to fines and/or penalties resulting from investigations by the Department of Transportation or other government agencies as well as litigation from Customers and Shareholders. See Note 1 for further information. The Company is currently not able to estimate a range of possible loss for such items. 

6. 

103 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

 Passenger loyalty - air transportation Passenger ancillary sold separately Total passenger revenues 
 
 Passenger non-loyalty includes all revenues recognized from Passengers for flights purchased primarily with cash or credit card. All Customers purchasing a ticket on Southwest Airlines are generally able to check up to two bags at no extra charge (with certain exceptions as stated in the Company's published Contract of Carriage), and the Company also does not charge a fee for a Customer to make a change to their flight after initial purchase, although fare differences may apply. Passenger loyalty - air transportation primarily consists of the revenue associated with award flights taken by loyalty program members upon redemption of loyalty points. Passenger ancillary sold separately includes any revenue associated with ancillary fees charged separately, such as in-flight purchases, EarlyBird Check-In , and Upgraded Boarding. 
 
 104 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

Air traffic liability - loyalty program Total Air traffic liability 
 
 The balance in Air traffic liability - passenger travel and ancillary passenger services also includes flight credits not currently associated with a ticket that can be applied by Customers towards the purchase of future travel. These flight credits are typically created as a result of a prior ticket cancellation or exchange, and are reflected net of associated breakage. 
 
 Amounts deferred associated with points awarded Revenue recognized from points redeemed - Passenger ) ) Revenue recognized from points redeemed - Other ) ) Air traffic liability - loyalty program - ending balance 
 
 105 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

 Current period sales (passenger travel, ancillary services, flight loyalty, and partner loyalty) Revenue from amounts included in contract liability opening balances ) Revenue from current period sales ) Balance at December 31, 2022 
 
 Air traffic liability Balance at December 31, 2020 Current period sales (passenger travel, ancillary services, flight loyalty, and partner loyalty) Revenue from amounts included in contract liability opening balances ) Revenue from current period sales ) Balance at December 31, 2021 
 
 During 2020 and in parts of 2021, the Company experienced a significantly higher number of Customer-driven flight cancellations as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic. See Note 2 for further information. As a result, the amount of Customer flight credits held in Air traffic liability that are estimated to be redeemed for future travel has remained much higher than historical levels. In order to provide additional flexibility to Customers who hold these flight credits, the Company significantly relaxed its previous policies with regards to the time period within which these flight credits can be redeemed, which was previously twelve months from the original date of purchase. For all Customer flight credits created or that would have otherwise expired between March 1 and September 7, 2020, associated with flight cancellations, the Company previously extended the expiration date to September 7, 2022. 
 
 On July 28, 2022, the Company announced that all existing Customer flight credits as of that date, as well as any future flight credits issued, will no longer expire and will thus remain redeemable by Customers. Flight credits for non-refundable fares will be issued as long as the flight is cancelled more than 10 minutes prior to the scheduled departure. This announcement was considered a contract modification under applicable accounting guidance and the Company accounted for such change prospectively in third quarter 2022. The Company s balance of existing Customer flight credits as of the modification date was approximately billion, including the extended flight credits that had been set to expire on September 7, 2022. As the Company continues to believe that a portion of Customer flight credits issued after July 28, 2022, will not be redeemed, it continues to estimate and record breakage associated with such amounts. The amount of breakage realized on a prospective basis, however, is expected to be lower and more stable than it has been during the pandemic as a result of this policy change. 
 
 The amount of Customer flight credits represents approximately percent and percent of the total Air traffic liability balance at December 31, 2022, and December 31, 2021, respectively, compared to approximately percent of the Air traffic liability balance as of December 31, 2019. 
 
 Recognition of revenue associated with the Company s loyalty liability can be difficult to predict, as the number of award seats available to Members is not currently restricted and they could choose to redeem their points at any time that a seat is available. The performance obligations classified as a current liability related to the Company s loyalty program were estimated based on expected redemptions utilizing historical redemption patterns, and forecasted flight availability and fares. The entire balance classified as Air traffic liability noncurrent relates to loyalty points that were estimated to be redeemed in periods beyond the twelve months following the representative balance sheet date. Based on historical experience as well as current forecasted redemptions, the Company expects the majority of loyalty points to be redeemed within approximately of the date the points are issued. Despite the Company's policy change with regards to flight credits, it currently does not expect the amount of flight credits that will be redeemed beyond twelve months to be material as of the financial statement date. 
 
 106 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

The Company recognized revenue related to the marketing, advertising, and other travel-related benefits of the revenue associated with various loyalty partner agreements including, but not limited to, the Agreement with Chase, within Other operating revenues. For the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020 the Company recognized billion, billion, and billion, respectively. 

7. 
 
 Unsecured Notes due 2022 
 Notes due 2023 
 Convertible Notes due 2025 
 Notes due 2025 
 Notes due 2026 
 Notes due 2027 
 Notes due 2027 
 Debentures due 2027 
 Notes due 2030 
 Payroll Support Program Loan due April 2030 (See Note 2) 
 Payroll Support Program Loan due January 2031 (See Note 2) 
 Payroll Support Program Loan due April 2031 (See Note 2) 
 Finance leases Less current maturities Less debt discount and issuance costs 
 
 During 2020, the Company issued billion of unsecured notes due 2027, of which billion was issued June 8, 2020 (the billion 2027 Notes and million was issued July 31, 2020 (the million 2027 Notes ). The notes bear interest at . Interest is payable semi-annually in arrears. The million 2027 Notes were offered as an additional issuance of the Company s billion 2027 Notes issued on June 8, 2020. The million 2027 Notes were issued at a premium and this premium has been included within Capitalized financing items in the Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows. A portion of the proceeds from the billion 2027 
 107 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

 -Day Credit Agreement balance. The Company made early prepayments on the notes of million throughout 2022, utilizing available cash on hand. 
 
 During 2020, the Company issued billion of unsecured notes due 2025, of which billion was issued May 4, 2020 (the billion 2025 Notes and million was issued July 31, 2020 (the million 2025 Notes ). The notes bear interest at . Interest is payable semi-annually in arrears. The million 2025 Notes were offered as an additional issuance of the Company s billion 2025 Notes issued on May 4, 2020. The million 2025 Notes were issued at a premium and this premium has been included within Capitalized financing items in the Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows. The proceeds from the billion 2025 Notes were used to repay a portion of the then outstanding Amended and Restated -Day Credit Agreement balance. The Company made early prepayments on the notes of million throughout 2022, utilizing available cash on hand. 
 
 During 2020, the Company issued billion of unsecured notes due 2023, of which million was issued May 4, 2020 (the million 2023 Notes and million was issued June 8, 2020 (the million 2023 Notes ). The notes bore interest at . Interest was payable semi-annually in arrears. The million 2023 Notes were offered as an additional issuance of the Company's million 2023 Notes issued on May 4, 2020. The million 2023 Notes were issued at a premium and this premium has been included within Capitalized financing items in the Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows. The proceeds from the million 2023 Notes and a portion of the proceeds of the million 2023 Notes were used to repay a portion of the then outstanding Amended and Restated -Day Credit Agreement balance. The Company prepaid the notes in full on August 31, 2022, utilizing available cash on hand. 
 
 On May 1, 2020, the Company completed the public offering of billion aggregate principal amount of Convertible Senior Notes (the Convertible Notes ). The Convertible Notes bear interest at a rate of and will mature on May 1, 2025. Interest on the notes is payable semi-annually in arrears. 
 
 Holders may convert their Convertible Notes at their option at any time prior to the close of business on the business day immediately preceding February 1, 2025, in the event certain conditions are met, as stated in the offering documents. The Convertible Notes did not meet the criteria to be converted as of the date of the financial statements, and thus are classified as Long-term debt in the accompanying Consolidated Balance Sheet as of December 31, 2022. Upon conversion, the Company will pay or deliver, as the case may be, cash, shares of the Company s common stock or a combination of cash and shares of common stock, at the Company s election. The Company intends to settle conversions by paying cash up to the principal amount of the Convertible Notes, with any excess conversion value settled in cash or shares of common stock. The initial conversion rate is 25.9909 shares of common stock per 1,000 principal amount of Convertible Notes (equivalent to an initial conversion price of approximately per share of common stock). However, based on the Company's cash dividend to be paid in January 2023, the bond conversion rate will change to 26.1250 on January 9, 2023. As of December 31, 2022, the if-converted value of the Convertible Notes was less than the principal amount by million, using the Company's closing stock price. 
 
 Upon issuance, the Company bifurcated the Convertible Notes for accounting purposes between a liability component and an equity component utilizing applicable guidance. The liability component was determined by estimating the fair value of a hypothetical issuance of an identical offering excluding the conversion feature of the Convertible Notes. The initial carrying amount of the equity component was calculated as the difference between the liability component and the face amount of the Convertible Notes. 
 
 108 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

 million, from Additional paid-in capital to Long-term debt associated with its Convertible Notes, and no longer records amortization of the debt discount to Interest expense. The following table details the equity and liability component recognized related to the Convertible Notes, prior to and following the adoption of ASU 2020-06: 
 (in millions) December 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 Equity component: Carrying amount of Convertible Notes Carrying amount of issuance costs ) Net carrying amount Liability component: Principal amount Unamortized debt discount ) Net carrying amount 
 
 Non-cash amortization of debt issuance costs Contractual coupon interest Total interest expense 
 
 The unamortized debt issuance costs are being recognized as non-cash interest expense based on the -year term of the notes, through May 1, 2025, less amounts that were or will be required to be accelerated immediately upon conversion or repurchases. The Company had no changes to conversion terms, contingencies, or exercise prices for the year ended December 31, 2022. The effective interest rate associated with the Convertible Notes was approximately percent for the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 
 109 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

 billion and million, respectively, in debt and finance lease obligations, which included scheduled debt and lease payments, partial extinguishment of Convertible Notes, and the early prepayment of debt. Additionally, an immaterial number of Convertible Note conversions were exercised and settled during 2021, compared with no conversions settled in 2022. 
 Convertible Notes due 2025 
 ) Notes due 2027 
 Notes due 2023 
 Notes due 2025 
 Total ) 
 
 Year ended December 31, 2021 (in millions) Cash paid for debt and interest Principal repayment Loss on extinguishment Non-cash amortization of debt discount and (issuance) costs Reduction to Capital in excess of par value Convertible Notes due 2025 
 ) 
 
 The Company has access to billion under its amended and restated revolving credit facility (the "Amended A R Credit Agreement"). In July 2022, this facility was amended to extend the expiration date to August 2025, and to change the benchmark rate from London Interbank Offered Rate ("LIBOR") to the Secured Overnight Financing Rate ("SOFR"). For the twelve months ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 there were amounts outstanding under the Amended A R Credit Agreement. 
 
 Generally, amounts outstanding under the Amended A R Credit Agreement bear interest at interest rates based on either the SOFR rate (selected by the Company for designated interest periods) or the alternate base rate (being the highest of (1) the Wall Street Journal prime rate, (2) one-month adjusted SOFR (one-month SOFR plus percent) plus percent, and (3) the Federal Reserve Bank of New York Rate, plus percent). The underlying SOFR rate is subject to a floor of percent per annum and the alternate base rate is subject to a floor of percent per annum. 
 
 The Amended A R Credit Agreement contains customary representations and warranties, covenants, and events of default. The Amended A R Credit Agreement is secured by a pool of aircraft and related assets, each with a minimum appraised value ratio requirement. Under the Amended A R Credit Agreement, the Company is required to maintain a minimum level of liquidity of billion (defined as the sum of (i) the aggregate amount available to be borrowed under the Amended A R Credit Agreement plus (ii) the aggregate amount of unrestricted cash and cash equivalents of the Company plus (iii) the aggregate amount of short-term investments of the Company). For the twelve months ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company was in compliance with this covenant and all other covenants in the Amended A R Credit Agreement. The Amended A R Credit Agreement has an accordion feature that would allow the Company, subject to, among other things, the procurement of incremental commitments, to increase the size of the facility to billion. 
 
 110 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

 million senior unsecured notes due 2030. The notes bear interest at percent. Interest is payable semi-annually in arrears. 
 
 During November 2017, the Company issued million senior unsecured notes due 2022. The notes bore interest at percent. Interest was payable semi-annually in arrears. The Company paid the loans in full on November 14, 2022, utilizing available cash on hand. 
 
 Also during November 2017, the Company issued million senior unsecured notes due 2027. The notes bear interest at percent. Interest is payable semi-annually in arrears. 
 
 During November 2016, the Company issued million senior unsecured notes due 2026. The notes bear interest at percent. Interest is payable semi-annually in arrears. 
 
 On October 3, 2007, grantor trusts established by the Company issued million Pass Through Certificates consisting of million percent Series A certificates and million percent Series B certificates. A separate trust was established for each class of certificates. The trusts used the proceeds from the sale of certificates to acquire equipment notes in the same amounts, which were issued by the Company on a full recourse basis. Payments on the equipment notes held in each trust were passed through to the holders of certificates of such trust. The equipment notes were issued for each of Boeing 737-700 ("-700") aircraft owned by the Company and were secured by a mortgage on each aircraft. The equipment notes matured and were paid in full on August 1, 2022, utilizing available cash on hand. 
 
 On February 28, 1997, the Company issued million of senior unsecured percent debentures due March 1, 2027. Interest is payable semi-annually. The debentures may be redeemed, at the option of the Company, in whole at any time or in part from time to time, at a redemption price equal to the greater of the principal amount of the debentures plus accrued interest at the date of redemption or the sum of the present values of the remaining scheduled payments of principal and interest thereon, discounted to the date of redemption at the comparable treasury rate plus basis points, plus accrued interest at the date of redemption. 
 
 The Company is required to provide standby letters of credit to support certain obligations that arise in the ordinary course of business. Although the letters of credit are an off-balance sheet item, the majority of the obligations to which they relate are reflected as liabilities in the Consolidated Balance Sheet. Outstanding letters of credit totaled million at December 31, 2022. 
 
 The net book value of the assets pledged as collateral for the Company s secured borrowings, primarily aircraft, was billion at December 31, 2022. This included aircraft with net book values of approximately million, in which the associated debt had been repaid as of December 31, 2022, but for which the liens have been or will be formally removed in 2023. 
 
 2024 2025 2026 2027 Thereafter Total 
 
 111 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

 8. 

As of December 31, 2022, the Company held aircraft leases with remaining terms extending up to years. The aircraft leases generally can be renewed for to at rates based on the fair market value at the end of the lease term. Residual value guarantees included in the Company's lease agreements are not material. 
 
 In second quarter 2020, the Company entered into transactions with third parties, involving of the Company s Boeing 737-800 aircraft and of the Company's -8 aircraft that qualified as sale-leaseback arrangements under applicable accounting guidance. The Company sold the 737-800 aircraft to a third party for million, then immediately leased the aircraft back for approximately . The Company sold the 737-8 aircraft to a third party for million, then immediately leased the aircraft back for approximately years. As such, the aircraft were de-recognized from Property and equipment at their remaining net book values. All of the leases from the sale-leasebacks are accounted for as operating leases, and thus are now reflected as part of the Company s Operating lease right-of-use assets and operating lease liabilities in the accompanying Consolidated Balance Sheet. For 2020, the 737-800 and 737-8 sale-leaseback transactions resulted in a recognized gain of million and million, respectively, reflected within Other operating expenses, net in the accompanying Consolidated Statement of Income (Loss). 
 
 On December 5, 2022, the Company signed an aircraft sale agreement with AerCap Ireland Limited AerCap to purchase -700 aircraft, all of which were already in the Company's fleet under finance lease terms. As each aircraft purchase is finalized, the Company relieves its related lease liability and will continue to recognize the cost of the aircraft within Property a nd equipment section in the Consolidated Balance Sheet. As of December 31, 2022, the Company completed the purchase of aircraft, with the remaining aircraft expected to be finalized by the end of February 2023. The Company paid the lessor million as part of this transaction, of which million was recorded as the elimination of the Company s remaining finance lease obligation for the aircraft, and which was also reflected within Payments of long-term debt and finance lease obligations in the accompanying Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows. The remaining million was the net purchase price of the aircraft and is included as part of the Company s Capital expenditures for 2022. Upon completion of this purchase, the Company will have finance leased aircraft remaining. There was gain or loss recorded as a result of these transactions. 
 
 At each airport where the Company conducts flight operations, the Company has lease agreements, generally with a governmental unit or authority, for the use of airport terminals, airfields, office space, cargo warehouses, gates, and/or maintenance facilities. These leases are classified as operating lease agreements and have remaining lease terms extending up to years. Certain leases can be renewed from to years. The majority of the airport terminal leases contain certain provisions for periodic adjustments to rates that depend upon airport operating costs or use of the facilities, and are reset at least annually. Because of the variable nature of these rates, these leases are not recorded as a right-of-use asset or a lease liability on the Consolidated Balance Sheet. 
 
 The Company also leases certain technology assets, fuel storage tanks, and various other equipment that qualify as leases under the applicable accounting guidance with lease terms extending up to . Certain leases can be renewed from to . 
 
 112 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

 Finance Property and equipment (net of allowance for depreciation and amortization of million and million) 
 Total lease assets Liabilities Current Operating Current operating lease liabilities Finance Current maturities of long-term debt Noncurrent Operating Noncurrent operating lease liabilities Finance Long-term debt less current maturities Total lease liabilities 
 
 Operating lease cost - other Short-term lease cost Variable lease cost Amortization of finance lease liabilities Interest on finance lease liabilities Total net lease cost 
 (a) Net of sublease income of million, million, and million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020. 
 
 Supplemental cash flow information related to leases, included in the Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows, was as follows: 
 in millions 
 Year ended December 31, 2022 Year ended December 31, 2021 Year ended December 31, 2020 Cash paid for amounts included in the measurement of lease liabilities: Operating cash flows for operating leases Operating cash flows for finance leases Financing cash flows for finance leases Right-of-use assets obtained in exchange for lease obligations: Operating leases 
 113 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

2024 2025 2026 2027 Thereafter Total lease payments Less imputed interest ) ) Total lease obligations Less current obligations ) ) Long-term lease obligations 
 
 years years Finance leases years years Weighted average discount rate Operating leases (a) Finance leases 

9. 
 
 million shares of par value common stock of the Company, which included the full exercise of the underwriters option to purchase an additional million shares of common stock, at a public offering price of per share. As discussed further in Note 2, in connection with funding that the Company has received under the PSP1 Payroll Support Program, PSP2 Payroll Support Program, and PSP3 Payroll Support Program, the Company issued Warrants to acquire up to million shares of the Company's common stock to Treasury. 
 
 Holders of shares of common stock are entitled to receive dividends when and if declared by the Board of Directors and are entitled to one vote per share on all matters submitted to a vote of the Shareholders. In connection with the receipt of Payroll Support, the Company was prohibited from paying dividends with respect to its common stock through September 30, 2022. See Note 2 for further information on the Payroll Support programs. On December 6, 2022, the Company announced that the Board reinstated and declared a quarterly cash dividend of per share to Shareholders of record at the close of business on January 10, 2023, on all shares then issued and outstanding. At December 31, 2022, the Company had million shares of common stock reserved for issuance pursuant to Employee equity plans (of which million shares had not been granted) through various share-based compensation arrangements. See Note 10 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for information regarding the Company's equity plans. 

10. 

114 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

 The Consolidated Statement of Income (Loss) for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, reflects share-based compensation expense of million, million, and million, respectively. The total tax impact recognized in earnings from share-based compensation arrangements for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, was not material. As of December 31, 2022, there was million of total unrecognized compensation cost related to share-based compensation arrangements, which is expected to be recognized over a weighted-average period of years. The Company expects substantially all unvested shares associated with time-based restricted stock unit awards to vest. 
 
 Restricted Stock Units and Stock Grants 
 
 Under the Company s Amended and Restated 2007 Equity Incentive Plan ("2007 Equity Plan"), which was approved by Shareholders, the Company granted restricted stock units ("RSUs") and performance-based restricted stock units ("PBRSUs") to certain Employees during 2022, 2021, and 2020. 
 
 The RSUs are scheduled to vest with respect to one-third of the shares covered thereby annually. Other than in connection with death or disability, vesting is subject to the individual s continued service as an Employee, Board member, or advisor through the vesting date. However, with respect to the RSUs granted in 2021 and 2022, provided that the individual's service has terminated no earlier than 12 months after the date of grant, in the event of a qualified retirement, any outstanding unvested RSUs will remain outstanding as if the individual s service has not terminated and will continue to vest in accordance with the schedule set forth in the notice of the grant. An individual's termination of service will be considered a "qualified retirement" if (a) the individual has completed at least years of continuous service; (b) the individual s age plus completed years of continuous service equal at least at the time of the individual s termination of service; and (c) the individual has not been terminated for cause. 
 
 Under the 2020 grants, the number of PBRSUs vesting on the vesting date will be interpolated based on the Company's return on invested capital, after tax ROIC performance and ranges from PBRSUs to percent of granted PBRSUs. ROIC for the Performance Period was the average of the ROIC over the three full fiscal years within the Performance Period (2020, 2021, and 2022), and vesting is also subject generally to the individual s continued employment or service. Based on actual ROIC for the Performance Period, the number of PBRSUs expected to vest for the 2020 grants was . 
 
 With respect to PBRSUs granted in 2021, the number of PBRSUs vesting on the vesting date will be interpolated based on the Company's cumulative Adjusted Earnings Before Interest, Taxes, Depreciation, and Amortization (EBITDA) for the years 2022 and 2023 and ranges from percent of granted PBRSUs to percent of granted PBRSUs, only after a minimum performance level has been achieved. However, in the event the Company's pre-tax average return on invested capital for 2021 and 2022 exceeds the median (i.e., 50th percentile) average return on invested capital of certain of the Company's peer group of domestic mainline carriers subject to the Securities and Exchange Commission's reporting requirements, the minimum number of PBRSUs that will vest, as of the vesting date, will be equal to the grant amount times percent. 
 
 Under the 2022 grants, the number of PBRSUs vesting on the vesting date will be interpolated based on the Company's Adjusted ROIC performance, as defined, and ranges from PBRSUs to percent of granted PBRSUs. Adjusted ROIC for the Performance Period is the average of the ROIC over the three full fiscal years within the Performance Period (2022, 2023, and 2024), and vesting is also subject generally to the individual s continued employment or service. However, in the event the Company's average Adjusted ROIC is greater than zero and exceeds the median (i.e., 50th percentile) return on invested capital of certain of the Company's peer group of domestic mainline carriers subject to the Securities and Exchange Commission's reporting requirements, the minimum number of PBRSUs that will vest, as of the vesting date, will be equal to the grant amount times 50 percent. If the Company's relative Adjusted ROIC ranks highest compared to the Company's Peer Group, the minimum number of PBRSUs that will vest, as of the vesting date, will be equal to the grant amount times percent. 
 115 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

months after the date of grant, in the event of a qualified retirement, such individual s PBRSUs will remain outstanding as if the individual s service has not terminated and will otherwise be settleable in accordance with the notice of grant and applicable terms and conditions; however, the number of shares received upon settlement will be prorated based on the individual s number of days of service between the date of grant and the end of the performance period. 
 
 For all RSU and PBRSU grants, forfeiture rates are estimated at the time of grant based on historical actuals for similar grants, and are trued-up to actuals over the vesting period. For all RSU and PBRSU grants, the Company recognizes all expense on a straight-line basis over the vesting period, as adjusted for qualified retirement provisions, with any changes in expense due to the number of RSUs and PBRSUs expected to vest being modified on a prospective basis. 
 
 Granted (a) Vested ) Surrendered ) Outstanding December 31, 2020 Granted (b) Vested ) Surrendered ) Outstanding December 31, 2021 Granted (c) Vested ) Surrendered ) Outstanding December 31, 2022 
 (a) Includes thousand PBRSUs 
 (b) Includes thousand PBRSUs 
 (c) Includes thousand PBRSUs 
 
 In addition, the Company granted approximately thousand shares of unrestricted stock at a weighted average grant price of in 2022, approximately thousand shares at a weighted average grant price of in 2021, and approximately thousand shares at a weighted average grant price of in 2020, to members of its Board of Directors. 
 
 A remaining balance of up to million shares of the Company s common stock may be issued pursuant to grants under the 2007 Equity Plan. 
 
 Employee Stock Purchase Plan 
 
 Under the Amended and Restated 1991 Employee Stock Purchase Plan ("ESPP"), which has been approved by Shareholders, the Company is authorized to issue up to a remaining balance of million shares of the Company s common stock to Employees of the Company. These shares may be issued at a price equal to percent of the market value at the end of each monthly purchase period. Common stock purchases are paid for through periodic payroll deductions. 
 
 116 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

 December 31, 2021 December 31, 2022 
 percent discount from the market value of the Common Stock at the end of each monthly purchase period. 
 
 Taxes 

117 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

 11. 

As of December 31, 2022, the Company had fuel derivative instruments in place to provide coverage at varying price levels. 
 WTI crude oil and Brent crude oil 2024 WTI crude oil and Brent crude oil 
 (a) Due to the types of derivatives utilized by the Company and different price levels of those contracts, these volumes represent the maximum economic hedge in place and may vary significantly as market prices and the Company's flight schedule fluctuate. 
 
 118 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

During 2020 and 2021, as a result of the drastic drop in demand for air travel due to the COVID-19 pandemic, the Company's forecast for 2020 and 2021 fuel purchases and consumption was significantly reduced, causing the Company to be in an estimated "over-hedged" position for second, third, and fourth quarter 2020, and full year 2021. Therefore, the Company de-designated a portion of its fuel hedges related to these periods, and reclassified approximately million and million in losses from AOCI into Other (gains) losses, net, during 2020 and 2021, respectively. The Company did not have any such situations occur during 2022 . 
 
 . 
 
 All cash flows associated with purchasing and selling fuel derivatives are classified as Other operating cash flows in the Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows. 
 
 119 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

 Fuel derivative contracts (gross) Other assets Interest rate derivative contracts Other assets Interest rate derivative contracts Other noncurrent liabilities Total derivatives designated as hedges 
 (a) Represents the position of each trade before consideration of offsetting positions with each counterparty and does not include the impact of cash collateral deposits provided to or received from counterparties. See discussion of credit risk and collateral following in this Note. 
 
 Cash collateral deposits held from counterparties for fuel contracts - noncurrent Offset against Other assets Receivable from third parties for fuel contracts Accounts and other receivables 
 
 cash collateral deposits were provided by or held by the Company based on its outstanding interest rate swap agreements. 

120 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

 ) (b) ) Fuel derivative contracts Other assets (a) ) (a) Interest rate derivative contracts Other assets (a) (a) 
 (a) The net amounts of derivative assets and liabilities are reconciled to the individual line item amounts presented in the Consolidated Balance Sheet in Note 16. 
 
 ) (b) ) Fuel derivative contracts Other assets (a) ) (a) Interest rate derivative contracts Other noncurrent liabilities 
 
 (a) The net amounts of derivative assets and liabilities are reconciled to the individual line item amounts presented in the Consolidated Balance Sheet in Note 16. 
 
 121 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Gain) loss on cash flow hedging relationships Commodity contracts: Amount of (gain) loss reclassified from AOCI into income ) Interest contracts: Amount of loss reclassified from AOCI into income 
 
 Derivatives designated and qualified in cash flow hedging relationships (Gain) Loss recognized in AOCI on derivatives, net of tax Year ended December 31, (in millions) 2022 2021 Fuel derivative contracts ) ) Interest rate derivatives ) ) Total ) ) ) Other (gains) losses, net 
 
 The Company also recorded expense (benefit) associated with premiums paid (received) for fuel derivative contracts that settled/expired during 2022, 2021, and 2020. Gains and/or losses associated with fuel derivatives that qualify for hedge accounting are ultimately recorded to Fuel and oil expense. Gains and/or losses associated with fuel derivatives that do not qualify for hedge accounting are recorded to Other (gains) and losses, net. 

122 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

 Fuel and oil Fuel derivative contracts not designated as hedges ) Other (gains) losses, net 
 
 The fair values of the derivative instruments, depending on the type of instrument, were determined by the use of present value methods or option value models with assumptions about commodity prices based on those observed in underlying markets or provided by third parties. Included in the Company s cumulative unrealized gains from fuel hedges as of December 31, 2022, recorded in AOCI, were approximately million in unrealized gains, net of taxes, which are expected to be realized in earnings during the twelve months subsequent to December 31, 2022. 
 
 Interest Rate Swaps 

The fair values of the interest rate swap agreements, which are adjusted regularly, have been aggregated by counterparty for classification in the Consolidated Balance Sheet. Agreements totaling an asset of million are cash flow hedges and are classified as components of Other assets. The corresponding offsetting adjustment related to the asset associated with the Company s cash flow hedges is to AOCI. See Note 13. 
 
 Credit Risk and Collateral 
 
 Credit exposure related to fuel derivative instruments is represented by the fair value of contracts that are an asset to the Company at the reporting date. At such times, these outstanding instruments expose the Company to credit loss in the event of nonperformance by the counterparties to the agreements. However, the Company has not experienced any significant credit loss as a result of counterparty nonperformance in the past. To manage credit risk, the Company selects and periodically reviews counterparties based on credit ratings, limits its exposure with respect to each counterparty, and monitors the market position of the fuel hedging program and its relative market position with each counterparty. At December 31, 2022, the Company had agreements with all of its active counterparties containing early termination rights and/or bilateral collateral provisions whereby security is required if market risk exposure exceeds a specified threshold amount based on the counterparty's credit rating. The Company also had agreements with counterparties in which cash deposits and letters of credit were required to be posted as collateral whenever the net fair value of derivatives associated with those counterparties exceeds specific thresholds. In certain cases, the Company has the ability to substitute among these different forms of collateral at its discretion. 

123 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

 Cash collateral held from CP Letters of credit (LC) Option to substitute LC for cash N/A N/A (b) 
 (b) 
 (b) 
 N/A (b) If credit rating is investment grade, fair value of fuel derivative level at which: Cash is provided to CP >( 
 >( 
 >( 
 >( 
 >( 
 >( 
 >( 
 Cash is received from CP > (c) 
 > (c) 
 > (c) 
 > (c) 
 > (c) 
 > (c) 
 > (c) 
 If credit rating is non-investment grade, fair value of fuel derivative level at which: Cash is received from CP (d) 
 (d) 
 (d) 
 (d) 
 (d) 
 (d) 
 (d) 

(a) Individual counterparties with fair value of fuel derivatives percent of fair value of fuel derivative contracts. 
 
 124 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

 12. 

125 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

 Commercial paper Certificates of deposit Time deposits Short-term investments: Treasury bills Certificates of deposit Time deposits Fuel derivatives: Option contracts (b) Interest rate derivatives (see Note 11) Equity Securities Total assets 
 (a) Cash equivalents are primarily composed of money market investments. 
 (b) In the Consolidated Balance Sheet amounts are presented as an asset. See Note 11. 

Fair value measurements at reporting date using: Quoted prices in active markets for identical assets Significant other observable inputs Significant unobservable inputs Description December 31, 2021 (Level 1) (Level 2) (Level 3) Assets (in millions) Cash equivalents: Cash equivalents (a) Commercial paper Time deposits Short-term investments: Treasury bills Time deposits Fuel derivatives: Option contracts (b) Equity Securities Total assets Liabilities Interest rate derivatives (see Note 11) ) ) 
 (a) Cash equivalents are primarily composed of money market investments. 
 126 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

The Company did not have any material assets or liabilities measured at fair value on a nonrecurring basis as of December 31, 2022 or 2021. 
 
 Total gains for the period Included in earnings (a) Included in other comprehensive income Purchases (b) Settlements ) Balance at December 31, 2022 The amount of total gains for the period included in other comprehensive income attributable to the change in unrealized gains or losses relating to assets still held at December 31, 2022 
 (a) Included in Other (gains) losses, net, within the Consolidated Statement of Income (Loss). 
 (b) The purchase and sale of fuel derivatives is recorded gross based on the structure of the derivative instrument and whether a contract with multiple derivatives was purchased as a single instrument or separate instruments. 
 
 Fair value measurements using significant unobservable inputs (Level 3) (in millions) Fuel derivatives Balance at December 31, 2020 Total gains for the period Included in earnings (a) Included in other comprehensive loss Purchases (b) Settlements ) Balance at December 31, 2021 The amount of total gains for the period included in other comprehensive loss attributable to the change in unrealized gains or losses relating to assets still held at December 31, 2021 
 (a) Included in Other (gains) losses, net, within the Consolidated Statement of Income (Loss). 
 (b) The purchase and sale of fuel derivatives is recorded gross based on the structure of the derivative instrument and whether a contract with multiple derivatives was purchased as a single instrument or separate instruments. 

- 
 2024 - 
 
 (a) Implied volatility weighted by the notional amount (barrels of fuel) that will settle in respective period. 
 127 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

 Convertible Notes due 2025 
 Level 2 Notes due 2025 
 Level 2 Notes due 2026 
 Level 2 Notes due 2027 
 Level 2 Notes due 2027 
 Level 2 Debentures due 2027 
 Level 2 Notes due 2030 
 Level 2 Payroll Support Program Loan due April 2030 
 Level 3 Payroll Support Program Loan due January 2031 
 Level 3 Payroll Support Program Loan due April 2031 
 Level 3 
 
 128 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

 13. 
 
 ) ) ) Cumulative effect of adopting ASU 2016-01 as of January 1, 2018 ) ) Changes in fair value ) Reclassification to earnings ) ) Balance at December 31, 2021 ) ) Changes in fair value ) Reclassification to earnings ) ) ) Balance at December 31, 2022 ) ) 
 Fuel and oil expense Other (gains) losses, net ) Less: Tax expense ) Net of tax Unrealized loss on interest rate derivative instruments Other operating expenses Less: Tax expense Net of tax Unrealized (gain) on defined benefit plan ) Other (gains) losses, net Less: Tax expense ) Net of tax Total reclassifications for the period ) Net of tax 

14. 
 129 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

 million, million, and million, respectively. 
 
 Postretirement Benefit Plans 
 
 The Company provides postretirement benefits to qualified retirees in the form of medical and dental coverage. Employees must meet minimum levels of service and age requirements as set forth by the Company, or as specified in collective-bargaining agreements with specific workgroups. Employees meeting these requirements, as defined, may use accrued unused sick time to pay for medical and dental premiums from the age of retirement until age . 
 
 Service cost Interest cost Benefits paid ) ) Actuarial gain ) ) APBO at end of period 
 
 During 2022, the Company recorded a million actuarial gain as a decrease to the APBO with an offset to AOCI. This 2022 actuarial gain is reflected above and resulted from changes in certain key assumptions used to determine the Company s year-end obligation. The assumption change that resulted in the largest portion of the actuarial gain was an increase in the discount rate used. 
 
 All plans are unfunded, and benefits are paid as they become due. Estimated future benefit payments expected to be paid are 17 million in 2023, 17 million in 2024, 18 million in 2025, 19 million in 2026, 19 million in 2027, and 113 million for the next five years thereafter. ) Unrecognized net actuarial gain ) ) Unrecognized prior service cost Accumulated other comprehensive income Consolidated Balance Sheet liability ) ) 
 130 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

Interest cost Amortization of prior service cost Amortization of net gain ) Curtailment Special termination benefits Net periodic postretirement benefit cost 
 
 Service cost and Special termination benefits are recognized within Salaries, wages, and benefits expense, and all other costs are recognized in Other (gains) losses, net in the Consolidated Statement of Income (Loss). 
 Assumed healthcare cost trend rate (a) 
 
 (a) The assumed healthcare cost trend rate is expected to be for 2023, then decline gradually to by 2030 and remain level thereafter. 

131 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

 15. 

Prepaid insurance Operating lease right-of-use assets Other Total deferred tax liabilities DEFERRED TAX ASSETS: Accrued employee benefits Rapid rewards loyalty liability Operating lease liabilities Customer flight credits Net operating losses and tax credits (a) Other Total deferred tax assets Net deferred tax liability 
 million and million, respectively, of state net operating loss carryforwards (tax effected) to reduce future state taxable income. These state net operating loss carryforwards will expire in years 2025 - 2041 if unused. At December 31, 2022, the Company had million (tax effected) of federal net operating loss carryforwards that were generated in 2022. The federal net operating loss can be carried forward indefinitely. ) State ) ) Change in federal statutory rate (b) ) ) Total current ) ) DEFERRED: Federal (a) ) ) State ) Total deferred ) ) Income tax provision (benefit) ) 
 (a) The CARES Act allows entities to carry back 2020 losses to prior periods of up to five years, and claim refunds of federal taxes paid. The Company filed the refund claim with the IRS, and received a refund of million during second quarter 2022. 
 (b) The benefit is representative of the excess refund generated as the result of carrying the 2020 losses back to a period when the federal statutory tax rate was 35 percent as opposed to the current tax rate of 21 percent. 

132 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

 ) State income taxes, net of federal benefit ) Change in federal statutory tax rate ) (a) ) (a) Convertible debt repurchases Federal tax credits ) ) ) Other, net Total income tax provision (benefit) ) 
 (a) The benefit is representative of the excess refund generated as the result of carrying the 2020 losses back to a period when the federal statutory tax rate was 35 percent as opposed to the current tax rate of 21 percent. 
 
 The only periods subject to examination for the Company s federal tax return are 2020, 2021 and 2022 tax years. The Company is also subject to various examinations from state and local income tax jurisdictions in the ordinary course of business. These examinations are not expected to have a material effect on the financial results of the Company. 

16. 
 Credit card receivables Business partners and other suppliers Taxes receivable (a) Fuel hedging and receivables Other Accounts and other receivables 
 
 Intangible assets, net Other Other assets 
 
 Salaries, withholdings and payroll taxes Ticket taxes and fees Aircraft maintenance payable Fuel payable Dividends payable Customer reimbursements and refunds (b) Other payable Accounts payable 
 
 133 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

 Profitsharing and savings plans Vacation pay Health Workers compensation Property and income taxes Interest Deferred supplier payments (c) Contract labor and non-contract incentive accruals (d) Other Accrued liabilities 
 
 Postretirement obligation Other deferred compensation Other Other noncurrent liabilities 
 
 (a) This amount includes approximately million as of December 31, 2021, associated with a significant cash tax refund expected as a result of the CARES Act allowing entities to carry back 2020 losses to prior periods of up to five years, and claim refunds of federal taxes paid. The refund was received by the Company during second quarter 2022. This amount as of December 31, 2021, also includes excise taxes remitted to taxing authorities for which the subsequent flights were canceled by Customers, resulting in a refund due back to the Company. The excise tax refund of approximately million was received during fourth quarter 2022. 
 (b) This amount includes customer reimbursement expenses due to the December 2022 operational disruption and refund submissions that had yet to be processed at year-end due to the volume of refund requests as a result of the operational disruption in December. The requests are expected to be processed in first quarter 2023. See Note 1 for further information. 
 (c) Represents amounts owed at December 31, 2021, for aircraft deliveries received that were subsequently relieved via future payments to supplier. See Note 17 for further information. 
 (d) Primarily consists of anticipated contract labor ratification bonuses and/or accruals. Also includes non-contract incentive pay. 
 
 For further information on fuel derivative and interest rate derivative contracts, see Note 11. 
 
 Other Operating Expenses 
 
 Other operating expenses consist of aircraft rentals, distribution costs, advertising expenses, personnel expenses, professional fees, and other operating costs, none of which individually exceed 10 percent of Total operating expenses, net. 

17. 
 
 MAX aircraft in its fleet. On November 18, 2020, the FAA rescinded the emergency order and issued official requirements to enable U.S. airlines to return the 
 134 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

 MAX aircraft that were grounded as of March 13, 2019, as well as the additional MAX aircraft the Company was scheduled to receive owned MAX from Boeing and leased MAX from third parties) from March 13, 2019 through December 31, 2019. The Company will account for substantially all of the proceeds received from Boeing as a reduction in cost basis spread across both the existing owned MAX in the Company s fleet at the time, and the Company s future firm aircraft deliveries as of the date of the agreement. A total of million in proceeds received in cash from Boeing are reflected within Investing Activities in the Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows for the year ended December 31, 2020. No material financial impacts of the agreement were realized in the Company s earnings during the years ended December 31, 2020, 2021, or 2022. 
 
 During December 2020, the Company entered into an agreement with Boeing to compensate the Company for estimated financial damages incurred during 2020 related to the grounding of the MAX. The terms of the agreement are confidential, but the compensation was in the form of credit memos taken against future payments due to Boeing as aircraft were delivered in accordance with the amended delivery schedule, or as future progress payments were due. The Company accounted for substantially all of the compensation received from Boeing as a reduction in cost basis spread across both the existing owned MAX in the Company s fleet, and the Company s future firm aircraft deliveries from Boeing as of the date of the agreement. During fourth quarter 2021, the Company fully utilized the credits from Boeing, and no credits remained as of December 31, 2021. No material financial impacts of the agreement were realized in the Company s earnings for the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 
 135 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 
 To the Shareholders and the Board of Directors of Southwest Airlines Co. 
 
 Opinion on the Financial Statements 
 
 We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Southwest Airlines Co. (the Company) as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the related consolidated statements of income (loss), comprehensive income (loss), stockholders equity and cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the financial statements ). In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the consolidated financial position of the Company at December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022, in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles. 
 
 We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the Company s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control-Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (2013 framework), and our report dated February 6, 2023 expressed an unqualified opinion thereon. 
 
 Adoption of ASU No. 2020-06 
 
 As discussed in Note 3 to the consolidated financial statements, the Company changed its method of accounting for convertible debt instruments in 2022 due to the adoption of ASU 2020-06, Debt Debt with Conversion and Other Options (Subtopic 470-20) and Derivatives and Hedging Contracts in Entity s Own Equity (Subtopic 815-40): Accounting for Convertible Instruments and Contracts in an Entity s Own Equity. 
 
 Basis for Opinion 
 
 These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 
 We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 
 Critical audit matters 
 
 The critical audit matters communicated below are matters arising from the current period audit of the financial statements that were communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that: (1) relate to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of critical audit matters does not alter in any way our opinion on the financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matters 
 136 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

 below, providing separate opinions on the critical audit matters or on the accounts or disclosures to which they relate. 
 137 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

 Valuation of fuel derivative instruments 
 
 Description of the Matter As described in Notes 1, 11, and 12 to the consolidated financial statements, the Company s fuel derivative instruments consist of over-the-counter contracts, which are not traded on a public exchange and require the Company to estimate their fair values. The fair value of fuel option contracts is determined using option pricing models with inputs such as commodity prices, strike prices, risk-free interest rates, term to expiration and volatility. Because certain inputs used to determine the fair value of option contracts are unobservable (principally implied volatility), the Company has categorized these option contracts as Level 3 fair value measures. The Company analyzes volatility information for reasonableness and compares it to similar information received from external sources and limited observable market data. The fair value of the option contracts considers both the intrinsic value and any remaining time value associated with the derivatives that have not settled. 
 
 Auditing the fair value measurement of fuel option contracts is complex and requires significant judgment in order to evaluate the application of the option pricing model and evaluating the reasonableness of the unobservable input of implied volatility used in the fair value measurement of the Company s fuel option contracts. 
 
 How We Addressed the Matter in Our Audit We obtained an understanding, evaluated the design and tested the operating effectiveness of controls over the Company s process to calculate the fair value of fuel option contracts, including controls that related to the volatility input. 
 
 To test the valuation of fuel derivative instruments, our audit procedures included, among others, involving internal valuation specialists to assist in the testing of the significant inputs into the option pricing model by comparing the market data inputs, including volatility, to external sources. With the support of our specialists, we also tested the application of and the computational accuracy of the option pricing model by performing independent corroborative calculations. Additionally, we compared the Company s fuel option contract valuations to the counterparty valuations, which were independently obtained as part of our audit procedures. 
 Loyalty Program - Valuation of co-brand marketing component Description of the Matter As described in Note 6 to the consolidated financial statements, the Company executed an amended co-branded credit card agreement Agreement with Chase Bank USA, N.A. Chase ), through which the Company primarily sells loyalty points and the use of its brand and access to its Rapid Rewards Member lists to Chase. The Company estimated the selling prices and volumes of the contract deliverables over the term of the Agreement to determine the allocation of proceeds to the Southwest Airlines brand and access to Rapid Rewards Member lists (collectively, the marketing component ). The Company estimated the standalone selling price of each of the performance obligations and projected cash flows over the term of the Agreement to determine the allocation of proceeds to each of the performance obligations, including the marketing component. 
 
 Auditing the valuation of the marketing component of the co-brand agreement with Chase was complex and highly judgmental due to the absence of observable standalone selling prices. A change in the estimated selling price of the marketing component could have a material impact on the timing of revenue recognition. 
 How We Addressed the Matter in Our Audit We obtained an understanding, evaluated the design and tested the operating effectiveness of controls over the Company s determination of the estimated standalone selling price of the marketing component and the completeness and accuracy of the data underlying the estimate. 
 
 To test the estimated selling price of the marketing component, our audit procedures included, among others, involving a valuation specialist to assist in testing the methodology used to develop the estimated standalone selling price of the marketing component and assessing the reasonableness of certain inputs used to develop the estimate. Additionally, we assessed the sensitivity of the Company s recognized revenue to changes in the inputs used to estimate the standalone selling price of the marketing component. 

/s/ Ernst Young LLP 
 We have served as the Company s auditor since 1971. 
 
 Dallas, Texas 
 February 6, 2023 
 138 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 
 To the Shareholders and the Board of Directors of Southwest Airlines Co. 
 
 Opinion on Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 
 We have audited Southwest Airlines Co. s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control-Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (2013 Framework), (the COSO criteria). In our opinion, Southwest Airlines Co. (the Company) maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on the COSO criteria. 
 
 We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the consolidated balance sheets of Southwest Airlines Co. as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the related consolidated statements of income (loss), comprehensive income (loss), stockholders equity and cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the financial statements of the Company and our report dated February 6, 2023 expressed an unqualified opinion thereon. 
 
 Basis for Opinion 
 
 The Company s management is responsible for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting included in the accompanying Management s Annual Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting . Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s internal control over financial reporting based on our audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 
 We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. 
 
 Our audit included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk, and performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 
 Definition and Limitations of Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 
 A company s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 
 139 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 
 
 /s/ Ernst Young LLP 
 
 Dallas, Texas 
 February 6, 2023 
 140 

Table of Contents 

 Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements With Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 None. 

Item 9A. Controls and Procedures 
 
 Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures. The Company maintains disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rule 13a-15(e) of the Securities Exchange Act (the Exchange Act )) designed to provide reasonable assurance that the information required to be disclosed by the Company in the reports that it files or submits under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized, and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms. These include controls and procedures designed to ensure that this information is accumulated and communicated to the Company s management, including its Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. Management, with the participation of the Company s Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, evaluated the effectiveness of the Company s disclosure controls and procedures as of December 31, 2022. Based on this evaluation, the Company s Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer have concluded that the Company s disclosure controls and procedures were effective as of December 31, 2022, at the reasonable assurance level. 
 
 Management s Annual Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting. Management of the Company is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Rule 13a-15(f) of the Exchange Act). The Company s internal control over financial reporting is a process, under the supervision of the Company s Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States. 
 
 Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Therefore, even those systems determined to be effective can provide only reasonable assurance of achieving their control objectives. 
 
 Management, with the participation of the Company s Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, evaluated the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022. In making this assessment, management used the criteria set forth by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO) in Internal Control - Integrated Framework (2013 Framework). Based on this evaluation, management, with the participation of the Company s Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, concluded that, as of December 31, 2022, the Company s internal control over financial reporting was effective. 
 
 Ernst Young LLP, the independent registered public accounting firm who audited the Company s Consolidated Financial Statements included in this Form 10-K, has issued an attestation report on the Company s internal control over financial reporting, which is included herein. 
 
 Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting. There were no changes in the Company s internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Rule 13a-15(f) of the Exchange Act) during the quarter ended December 31, 2022, that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, the Company s internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 141 

Table of Contents 

 Item 9B. Other Information 
 
 On February 1, 2023, the Company's Board of Directors approved the Company's Third Amended and Restated Bylaws ("Amended and Restated Bylaws"), effective as of such date. Among other matters, the Amended and Restated Bylaws (i) revise procedures and disclosure requirements for the nomination of directors to address new Rule 14a-19 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 relating to universal proxy cards; (ii) provide that the federal district courts of the United States of America will be the exclusive forum for the resolution of claims under the Securities Act of 1933; (iii) clarify certain provisions about some of the Company's officer positions; (iv) clarify that a resigning director or executive officer must provide written notice of such resignation; (v) clarify the power of the chair of a meeting of shareholders of the Company to establish certain rules and procedures for, and make determinations with respect to, such meeting; (vi) adopt gender-neutral pronoun designations; and (vii) make other minor administrative, modernizing, clarifying and conforming changes, including adding certain clarifying language to better conform the Amended and Restated Bylaws to the Texas Business Organizations Code. The foregoing summary of the amendments to the Amended and Restated Bylaws does not purport to be complete and is qualified in its entirety by reference to the complete text of the Amended and Restated Bylaws, a copy of which is filed as Exhibit 3.2 to this Form 10-K and is incorporated herein by reference. 

Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 Not applicable. 
 142 

Table of Contents 

 PART III 

Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers, and Corporate Governance 
 
 Directors and Executive Officers 
 
 The information required by this Item 10 regarding the Company s directors will be set forth under the heading Proposal 1 - Election of Directors in the Proxy Statement for the Company s 2023 Annual Meeting of Shareholders and is incorporated herein by reference. The information required by this Item 10 regarding the Company s executive officers is set forth under the heading Information about our Executive Officers in Part I of this Form 10-K and is incorporated herein by reference. 
 
 Section 16(a) Compliance 
 
 If applicable, the information required by this Item 10 regarding compliance with Section 16(a) of the Exchange Act will be set forth under the heading Delinquent Section 16(a) Reports in the Proxy Statement for the Company s 2023 Annual Meeting of Shareholders and is incorporated herein by reference. 
 
 Corporate Governance 
 
 Except as set forth in the following paragraph, the remaining information required by this Item 10 will be set forth under the heading Corporate Governance in the Proxy Statement for the Company s 2023 Annual Meeting of Shareholders and is incorporated herein by reference. 
 
 The Company has adopted a Code of Ethics that applies to its principal executive officer, principal financial officer, and principal accounting officer or controller. The Company s Code of Ethics, as well as its Corporate Governance Guidelines and the charters of its Audit, Compensation, and Nominating and Corporate Governance Committees, are available on the Company s website, www.southwest.com. Copies of these documents are also available upon request to Investor Relations, Southwest Airlines Co., P.O. Box 36611, Dallas, TX 75235. The Company intends to disclose any amendments to, or waivers from, its Code of Ethics that apply to the Company s principal executive officer, principal financial officer, and principal accounting officer or controller on the Company s website, www.southwest.com, under the About Southwest caption, promptly following the date of any such amendment or waiver. 

Item 11. Executive Compensation 
 
 The information required by this Item 11 will be set forth under the headings Compensation of Executive Officers and Compensation of Directors in the Proxy Statement for the Company s 2023 Annual Meeting of Shareholders and is incorporated herein by reference. 
 
 143 

Table of Contents 

 Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 
 Except as set forth below regarding securities authorized for issuance under equity compensation plans, the information required by this Item 12 will be set forth under the heading Voting Securities and Principal Shareholders in the Proxy Statement for the Company s 2023 Annual Meeting of Shareholders and is incorporated herein by reference. 
 
 Securities Authorized for Issuance under Equity Compensation Plans 
 
 The following table provides information as of December 31, 2022, regarding compensation plans under which equity securities of the Company are authorized for issuance. 
 
 Equity Compensation Plan Information 
 
 Plan Category Number of Securities to be Issued Upon Exercise of Outstanding Options, Warrants, and Rights (a) Weighted-Average Exercise Price of Outstanding Options, Warrants, and Rights (b) Number of Securities Remaining Available for Future Issuance Under Equity Compensation Plans (Excluding Securities Reflected in Column (a)) (c) Equity Compensation Plans Approved by Security Holders 2,942,886 (1) (2) 33,823,841 (3) Equity Compensation Plans not Approved by Security Holders Total 2,942,886 (2) 33,823,841 
 
 (1) Restricted share units settleable in shares of the Company s common stock. 
 (2) Restricted share units discussed in footnote (1) above do not have a weighted average exercise price because the restricted share units do not have an exercise price upon vesting. 
 (3) Of these shares, (i) 18,426,805 shares remained available for issuance under the Company s tax-qualified employee stock purchase plan; and (ii) 15,397,036 shares remained available for issuance under the Company s 2007 Equity Incentive Plan in connection with the exercise of stock options and stock appreciation rights, the settlement of awards of restricted stock, restricted stock units, and phantom shares, and the grant of unrestricted shares of common stock; however, no more than 1,029,685 shares remain available for grant in connection with awards of unrestricted shares of common stock, stock-settled phantom shares, and awards to non-Employee members of the Board. These shares are in addition to the shares reserved for issuance pursuant to outstanding awards included in column (a). 
 
 See Note 10 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for information regarding the material features of the above plans. Each of the above plans provides that the number of shares with respect to which options may be granted, the number of shares of common stock subject to an outstanding option, and the number of restricted share units granted shall be proportionately adjusted in the event of a subdivision or consolidation of shares or the payment of a stock dividend on common stock, and the purchase price per share of outstanding options shall be proportionately revised. 

Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 
 The information required by this Item 13 will be set forth under the heading Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence in the Proxy Statement for the Company s 2023 Annual Meeting of Shareholders and is incorporated herein by reference. 

144 

Table of Contents 

 Item 14. Principal Accounting Fees and Services 
 
 The Company's independent registered public accounting firm is , , Auditor Firm ID: . 
 
 The information required by this Item 14 will be set forth under the heading Relationship with Independent Auditors in the Proxy Statement for the Company s 2023 Annual Meeting of Shareholders and is incorporated herein by reference. 
 
 145 

Table of Contents 

 PART IV 

Item 15. Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 
 
 (a) 1. Financial Statements: 
 
 The financial statements included in Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data above are filed as part of this annual report. 
 
 2. Financial Statement Schedules: 
 
 There are no financial statement schedules filed as part of this annual report, since the required information is included in the Consolidated Financial Statements, including the notes thereto, or the circumstances requiring inclusion of such schedules are not present. 
 
 3. Exhibits: 
 
 3.1 Restated Certificate of Formation of the Company, effective May 18, 2012 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2012 (File No. 1-7259)). 
 3.2 Third Amended and Restated Bylaws of the Company, effective February 1, 2023. 
 4.1 Specimen certificate representing common stock of the Company (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 1994 (File No. 1-7259)). 
 4.2 Indenture dated as of September 17, 2004, between the Company and Wells Fargo Bank, N.A., Trustee (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2021 (File No. 1-7259)). 
 4.3 Indenture dated as of February 25, 1997, between the Company and U.S. Trust Company of Texas, N.A. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.12 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 1996 (File No. 1-7259)). 
 4.4 First Supplemental Indenture, dated May 1, 2020, between the Company and Wells Fargo Bank, N.A., as trustee (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K filed May 1, 2020 (File No. 1-7259)). 
 4.5 Description of Common Stock (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.5 to the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2019 (File No. 1-7259)). 
 The Company is not filing any other instruments evidencing any indebtedness because the total amount of securities authorized under any single such instrument does not exceed 10 percent of its total consolidated assets. Copies of such instruments will be furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission upon request. 10.1 Form of Amended and Restated Executive Service Recognition Plan Executive Employment Agreement between the Company and certain Officers of the Company (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2008 (File No. 1-7259)). (2) 
 10.2 Letter Agreement between Southwest Airlines Co. and Gary C. Kelly, effective as of February 1, 2022 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2022 (File No. 1-7259)). (2) 
 10.3 Southwest Airlines Co. Amended and Restated Severance Plan for Directors (as amended and restated effective May 19, 2009) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2009 (File No. 1-7259)). 

10.4 Southwest Airlines Co. Outside Director Incentive Plan (as amended and restated effective May 16, 2007) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2007 (File No. 1-7259)). 
 
 146 

Table of Contents 

 10.5 Southwest Airlines Co. Amended and Restated 2007 Equity Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 99.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed May 18, 2015 (File No. 1-7259)). (2) 
 10.6 Southwest Airlines Co. Excess Benefit Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.32 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2008 (File No. 1-7259)). (2) 
 10.7 Amendment No. 1 to the Southwest Airlines Co. Excess Benefit Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.33 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2008 (File No. 1-7259)). (2) 
 10.8 Amendment No. 2 to the Southwest Airlines Co. Excess Benefit Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.34 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2008 (File No. 1-7259)). (2) 
 10.9 Amended and Restated Southwest Airlines Co. 2005 Excess Benefit Plan (as amended and restated, effective as of January 1, 2018) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2017 (File No. 1-7259)). (2) 
 10.10 Form of Indemnification Agreement between the Company and its Directors (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed January 22, 2009 (File No. 1-7259)). 
 10.11 Southwest Airlines Co. Amended and Restated 2007 Equity Incentive Plan Form of Notice of Grant and Terms and Conditions for Restricted Stock Unit grants (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Company's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2014 (File No. 1-7259)). (2) 
 10.11(a) Southwest Airlines Co. Amended and Restated 2007 Equity Incentive Plan Form of Notice of Grant and Terms and Conditions for Restricted Stock Unit grants (effective 2021) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.13(a) to the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2020 (File No. 1-7259)). (2) 
 10.12 1,000,000,000 Revolving Credit Facility Agreement among the Company, the Banks party thereto, Barclays Bank PLC, as Syndication Agent, Bank of America, N.A., BNP Paribas, Goldman Sachs Bank USA, Morgan Stanley Senior Funding, Inc., U.S. Bank National Association, and Wells Fargo Bank, N.A., as Documentation Agents, JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. and Citibank, N.A., as Co-Administrative Agents, and JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as Paying Agent, dated as of August 3, 2016 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed August 9, 2016 (File No. 1-7259)). 
 10.13 First Amendment to Revolving Credit Facility Agreement dated as of August 3, 2016, among Southwest Airlines Co., the banks party thereto, JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as Paying Agent and Collateral Agent, and JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. and Citibank, N.A., as Co-Administrative Agents, dated as of March 30, 2020 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Company's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2020 (File No. 1-7259)). 
 10.14 Second Amendment to Revolving Credit Facility Agreement dated as of August 3, 2016, as amended by the First Amendment dated as of March 30, 2020, among Southwest Airlines Co., the banks party thereto, JP Morgan Chase Bank, N.A., as Paying Agent and Collateral Agent, and JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., and Citibank, N.A., as Co-Administrative Agents, dated as of November 23, 2020 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.16 to the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2020 (File No. 1-7259)). 
 10.15 Mortgage and Security Agreement Supplement No. 1, dated March 30, 2021, between Southwest Airlines Co. and JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., acting as an administrative agent, pursuant to the Revolving Credit Facility Agreement dated as of August 3, 2016, as amended (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Company's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2021 (File No. 1-7259)). 
 10.16 Third Amendment to Revolving Credit Facility Agreement dated as of August 3, 2016, as amended by the First Amendment dated as of March 30, 2020, and the Second Amendment dated as of November 23, 2020, among Southwest Airlines Co., the banks party thereto, JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as Paying Agent and Collateral Agent, and JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. and Citibank, N.A., as Co-Administrative Agents, dated as of July 28, 2021 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2021 (File No. 1-7259)). 
 
 147 

Table of Contents 

 10.17 Fourth Amendment to Revolving Credit Facility Agreement dated as of August 3, 2016, as amended by the First Amendment dated as of March 30, 2020, the Second Amendment dated as of November 23, 2020, and the Third Amendment dated as of July 28, 2021, among Southwest Airlines Co., the banks party thereto, JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as Paying Agent and Collateral Agent, and JPMorgan Chase Bank N.A. and Citibank, N.A., as Co-Administrative Agents, dated as of July 19, 2022 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2022 (File No. 1-7259)). 
 10.18 Purchase Agreement No. 3729 and Aircraft General Terms Agreement, dated December 13, 2011, between The Boeing Company and the Company; Supplemental Agreement No. 1; Supplemental Agreement No. 2; Supplemental Agreement No. 3; Supplemental Agreement No. 4; Supplemental Agreement No. 5; Supplemental Agreement No. 6; Supplemental Agreement No. 7; Supplemental Letter Agreement No. 6-1162-KLK-0059R3; Supplemental Agreement No. 8; Supplemental Agreement No. 9; Supplemental Agreement No. 10; and Supplemental Letter Agreement No. 03729-LA-1808800 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.18 to the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2021 (File No. 1-7259)); Supplemental Agreement No. 11 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.16(a) to the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2019 (File No. 1-7259)); Supplemental Letter Agreement No. 03729-MISC-2001512 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2020 (File No. 1-7259)); Supplemental Letter Agreement, dated April 23, 2020 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2020 (File No. 1-7259)); Supplemental Letter Agreement No. 6-1162-CJM-039 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Company's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2020 (File No. 1-7259)); Supplemental Agreement No. 12 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2021 (File No. 1-7259)); Supplemental Letter Agreement No. 6-1162-CAF-0390R2 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2021 (File No. 1-7259)); Supplemental Agreement No. 13 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2021 (File No. 1-7259)); Supplemental Agreement No. 14 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2021 (File No. 1-7259)); Supplemental Agreement No. 15 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Company's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2021 (File No. 1-7259)); Supplemental Agreement No. 16 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2022 (File No. 1-7259)); Supplemental Agreement No. 17 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2022 (File No. 1-7259)); Supplemental Agreement No. 18 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2022 (File No. 1-7259)). (1) 
 10.18(a) Supplemental Agreement No. 19 to Purchase Agreement No. 3729, dated December 13, 2011, between The Boeing Company and the Company. (1) 
 10.19 Southwest Airlines Co. Senior Executive Short Term Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 99.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed January 30, 2013 (File No. 1-7259)). (2) 
 10.20 Southwest Airlines Co. Deferred Compensation Plan for Senior Leadership and Non-Employee Members of the Southwest Airlines Co. Board of Directors (as amended and restated, effective as of January 1, 2018) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.6 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2017 (File No. 1-7259)). (2) 
 10.21 Southwest Airlines Co. Amended and Restated 2007 Equity Incentive Plan Form of Notice of Grant and Terms and Conditions for Performance-Based Restricted Stock Unit grants (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to the Company's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2014 (File No. 1-7259)). (2) 
 10.21(a) Southwest Airlines Co. Amended and Restated 2007 Equity Incentive Plan Form of Notice of Grant and Terms and Conditions for Performance-Based Restricted Stock Unit grants (effective 2021) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.20(a) to the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2020 (File No. 1-7259)). (2) 
 10.22 Payroll Support Program Agreement by and between Southwest Airlines Co. and the United States Department of the Treasury, dated April 20, 2020 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to the Company's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2020 (File No. 1-7259)). 
 
 148 

Table of Contents 

 10.23 Warrant Agreement by and between Southwest Airlines Co. and the United States Department of the Treasury, dated April 20, 2020 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 to the Company's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2020 (File No. 1-7259)). 
 10.24 Promissory Note, from Southwest Airlines Co. to the United States Department of the Treasury, dated April 20, 2020 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.6 to the Company's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2020 (File No. 1-7259)). 
 10.25 Payroll Support Program Extension Agreement by and between Southwest Airlines Co. and the United States Department of the Treasury, dated January 15, 2021 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed January 15, 2021 (File No. 1-7259)). 
 10.26 Warrant Agreement by and between Southwest Airlines Co. and the United States Department of the Treasury, dated January 15, 2021 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed January 15, 2021 (File No. 1-7259)). 
 10.27 Promissory Note, from Southwest Airlines Co. to the United States Department of the Treasury, dated January 15, 2021 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed January 15, 2021 (File No. 1-7259)). 
 10.28 Form of Performance-Based Cash Award and Terms and Conditions (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.27 to the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2020 (File No. 1-7259)). (2) 
 10.29 Payroll Support Program 3 Agreement by and between Southwest Airlines Co. and the United States Department of the Treasury, dated April 23, 2021 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to the Company's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2021 (File No. 1-7259)). 
 10.30 Warrant Agreement by and between Southwest Airlines Co. and the United States Department of the Treasury, dated April 23, 2021 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 to the Company's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2021 (File No. 1-7259)). 
 10.31 Promissory Note, from Southwest Airlines Co. to the United States Department of the Treasury, dated April 23, 2021 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.6 to the Company's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2021 (File No. 1-7259)). 
 10.32 Form of Restricted Cash Award and Terms and Conditions (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2022 (File No. 1-7259)). (2) 
 10.33 Form of Restricted Cash Performance Award and Terms and Conditions (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2022 (File No. 1-7259)). (2) 
 
 21 Subsidiaries of the Company. 
 23 Consent of Ernst Young LLP, Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm. 
 31.1 Rule 13a-14(a) Certification of Chief Executive Officer. 
 31.2 Rule 13a-14(a) Certification of Chief Financial Officer. 
 32 Section 1350 Certification of Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer. (3) 
 101.INS XBRL Instance Document - The instance document does not appear in the Interactive Data File because its XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document. 101.SCH Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document. 101.CAL Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document. 101.DEF Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document. 101.LAB Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document. 101.PRE Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document. 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101). 
 
 149 

Table of Contents 

 (1) Certain confidential information contained in this agreement has been omitted because it is both not material and is of the type that the registrant treats as private or confidential. 
 (2) Management contract or compensatory plan or arrangement. 
 (3) This exhibit is being furnished rather than filed and shall not be deemed incorporated by reference into any filing, in accordance with Item 601 of Regulation S-K. 
 A copy of each exhibit may be obtained at a price of 15 cents per page, 10.00 minimum order, by writing to: Investor Relations, Southwest Airlines Co., P.O. Box 36611, Dallas, Texas 75235-1611. 

Item 16. 10-K Summary 
 
 None. 
 
 150 

Table of Contents 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized. 
 
 SOUTHWEST AIRLINES CO. February 6, 2023 By /s/ Tammy Romo Tammy Romo Executive Vice President Chief Financial Officer (On behalf of the Registrant and in her capacity as Principal Financial Accounting Officer) 
 151 

Table of Contents 

 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on February 6, 2023, on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities indicated. 
 
 Signature Title /s/ ROBERT E. JORDAN President Chief Executive Officer Director (Principal Executive Officer) Robert E. Jordan /s/ TAMMY ROMO Executive Vice President Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Accounting Officer) Tammy Romo /s/ GARY C. KELLY Executive Chairman of the Board Gary C. Kelly /s/ RON RICKS Vice Chairman of the Board Ron Ricks /s/ DAVID W. BIEGLER Director David W. Biegler /s/ J. VERONICA BIGGINS Director J. Veronica Biggins /s/ DOUGLAS H. BROOKS Director Douglas H. Brooks /s/ WILLIAM H. CUNNINGHAM Director William H. Cunningham /s/ JOHN G. DENISON Director John G. Denison /s/ THOMAS W. GILLIGAN Director Thomas W. Gilligan /s/ DAVID P. HESS Director David P. Hess /s/ NANCY B. LOEFFLER Director Nancy B. Loeffler /s/ JOHN T. MONTFORD Director John T. Montford /s/ CHRISTOPHER P. REYNOLDS Director Christopher P. Reynolds 
 152 

<EX-3.2>
 2
 exhibit32thirdamendedandre.htm
 EX-3.2 THIRD AMENDED AND RESTATED BYLAWS OF THE COMPANY

Document 

THIRD AMENDED AND RESTATED BYLAWS 
 (effective February 1, 2023) 
 Of 
 SOUTHWEST AIRLINES CO. 
 Dallas , Texas 

SOUTHWEST AIRLINES CO. 
 THIRD AMENDED AND RESTATED BYLAWS 
 ARTICLE I IDENTIFICATION, OFFICES, AND DEFINITIONS 
 Section 1. Name . The name of the corporation is SOUTHWEST AIRLINES CO. 
 Section 2. Principal Office . The principal office of the corporation shall be in Dallas, Texas. 
 Section 3. Other Offices . The corporation may also have offices at such other places within or without the State of Texas as the Board of Directors may from time to time determine or the business of the corporation may require. 
 Section 4. Definitions . Unless the context otherwise requires or except as otherwise defined herein, capitalized terms used in these Bylaws shall have the respective meanings assigned to them in Section 1 of Article X . 
 ARTICLE II THE SHAREHOLDERS 
 Section 1. Time and Place of Meetings . All meetings of the shareholders shall be held on such date and at such time and place (if any), either within or without the State of Texas, as shall be determined from time to time by the Board of Directors and stated in the notice of the meeting. The Board of Directors may determine that any meeting may be held solely or partially by means of remote communication in accordance with Texas law. The Board of Directors may postpone, adjourn, reschedule, or cancel any meeting of shareholders for any reason or no reason upon public notice given prior to the time previously scheduled for such meeting of shareholders. The meeting may be postponed, adjourned or rescheduled to such time and place (if any) as is specified in the notice of postponement or rescheduling of such meeting. 
 Section 2. Annual Meetings . The meeting of shareholders for the election of directors shall be held annually on such date as shall be designated by the Board of Directors. At each annual meeting of shareholders, the shareholders shall elect a Board of Directors and transact such other business as may be properly brought before the meeting. 
 Section 3. Special Meetings . 
 (a) Special meetings of the shareholders may be called by the Chair of the Board, the President, or the Chief Executive Officer and shall be called by the Secretary upon written request, stating the purpose or purposes therefor, by (i) a majority of the whole Board of Directors or (ii) one or more shareholders of record that, at the time a request is delivered, collectively Own (as defined in Article II , Section 3(e) at least ten (10) percent (or such greater percentage not exceeding a majority as may be specified in the Certificate of Formation from 

time to time) of all of the shares entitled to vote at the proposed special meeting (the Requisite Percentage provided, however, that a special meeting requested by one or more shareholders (a Shareholder Requested Meeting shall be called by the Secretary only if the shareholders requesting such meeting provide the information set forth in Section 3(b) of Article II below and otherwise comply with this Section 3 , as determined by the Board of Directors. For purposes of this Section 3 and Section 13 of Article II , any determination to be made by the Board of Directors may be made by the Board of Directors, a committee of the Board of Directors, or any officer of the corporation designated by the Board of Directors or a committee of the Board of Directors, and any such determination shall be final and binding on the corporation, its shareholders, and any other applicable person so long as made in good faith (without any further requirements). 
 
 (b) In order for a Shareholder Requested Meeting to be called by the Secretary pursuant to Section 3(a)(ii) of Article II , one or more written requests for a special meeting (individually or collectively, a Special Meeting Request signed and dated by the shareholder(s) of record that Own(s) the Requisite Percentage (or its or their respective duly authorized agent) must be delivered to the Secretary at the principal office of the corporation and must be accompanied by 
 (i) in the case of any Shareholder Requested Meeting at which director nominations are proposed to be presented, the information required by Section 11(b) and (c) of Article II and the completed and signed questionnaire and representation and agreement required by Section 12 of Article II , as well as the updates and supplements pursuant to Section 11(d) of Article II , if applicable 
 (ii) in the case of any Shareholder Requested Meeting at which any business other than director nominations is proposed to be presented, the information required by Section 10(b) and (c) of Article II (as though such provisions were applicable to special meetings), as well as the updates and supplements pursuant to Section 10(e) of Article II , if applicable and 
 (iii) as to each shareholder of the corporation signing such request, or if such shareholder is a nominee or custodian, the beneficial owner(s) on whose behalf such request is signed, an affidavit by each such person (A) stating the number of shares of capital stock of the corporation that he, she, or it Owns as of the date such request was signed (B) agreeing to (1) update and supplement such affidavit as of the record date for the Shareholder Requested Meeting (and such update and supplement shall be delivered to the Secretary at the principal office of the corporation not later than five (5) business days after the record date for such Shareholder Requested Meeting) and as of the date that is ten (10) business days prior to the date of the Shareholder Requested Meeting (and such update and supplement shall be delivered to the Secretary at the principal office of the corporation not later than seven (7) business days prior to the date of such Shareholder Requested Meeting) and (2) notify the corporation promptly (and in any event within forty-eight (48) hours) of any disposition after the record date for such Shareholder Requested Meeting, but prior to the date of the Shareholder Requested Meeting and (C) acknowledging that in the event of any decrease in the number of shares of capital stock of the corporation entitled to vote on the matter or matters to be brought before the proposed special meeting Owned by such person at any time before the Shareholder Requested Meeting, (x) such person s Special 

3 

Meeting Request shall be deemed to have been revoked with respect to such shares of capital stock of the corporation comprising such reduction and shall not be counted towards the calculation of the Requisite Percentage, and (y) any reduction that results in the requesting shareholders not Owning the Requisite Percentage shall be deemed to be an absolute revocation of such Special Meeting Request. 
 
 (c) One or more written requests for a special meeting delivered to the Secretary shall constitute a valid Special Meeting Request only if each such written request satisfies the requirements of this Section 3 set forth above and has been dated and delivered to the Secretary within sixty (60) days of the earliest dated of such requests. If the record holder is not the signatory to the Special Meeting Request, such Special Meeting Request shall not be valid unless documentary evidence is supplied to the Secretary at the time of delivery of such Special Meeting Request (or within five (5) business days thereafter) of such signatory s authority to execute the Special Meeting Request on behalf of the record holder. Any requesting shareholder may revoke his, her, or its Special Meeting Request at any time by written revocation delivered to the Secretary at the principal office of the corporation provided, however, that if following such revocation, the unrevoked valid Special Meeting Requests represent in the aggregate less than the Requisite Percentage, there shall be no requirement to hold a Shareholder Requested Meeting. The determination of the validity of a Special Meeting Request shall be made by the Board of Directors. A Special Meeting Request shall not be valid if such Special Meeting Request relates to an item of business that is not a matter on which shareholders are authorized to act under, or that involves a violation of, applicable law. Except as otherwise provided by applicable law or except to the extent previously determined by the Board of Directors in connection with a Special Meeting Request, the chair of the Shareholder Requested Meeting shall have the power and duty (i) to determine whether any business proposed to be brought before the meeting was made in accordance with the procedures set forth in this Section 3 and applicable law and (ii) if any proposed business was not made or proposed in compliance with this Section 3 and applicable law, to declare that such proposed business shall not be transacted. 
 (d) Business transacted at any Shareholder Requested Meeting shall be limited to (i) the purpose(s) stated in the valid Special Meeting Request and (ii) any additional matters that the Board of Directors determines to include in the corporation s notice of the meeting. If none of the shareholders who submitted the Special Meeting Request, or their qualified representatives, appears at the Shareholder Requested Meeting and presents the matters to be presented for consideration that were specified in the Special Meeting Request, the corporation need not present such matters for a vote at such meeting (notwithstanding that ballots or proxies in respect of such matter may have been received by the corporation). For purposes of this Section 3 , to be considered a qualified representative of a shareholder, (A) a person must be a duly authorized officer, manager, or partner of such shareholder or must be authorized by a writing executed by such shareholder stating that such person is authorized to act for such shareholder as proxy at the meeting of shareholders and (B) prior to the presentation of such matters at the meeting of shareholders, such person must produce a valid government-issued photo identification, as well as either (1) proof that he, she, or it is a duly authorized officer, manager, or partner of such shareholder or (2) such writing (or a reliable reproduction or electronic transmission of the writing). 
 (e) For the purposes of this Section 3 and Section 13 of Article II , a shareholder or beneficial owner shall be deemed to Own only those outstanding shares of the 

4 

corporation s Common Stock as to which such person possesses both (i) the full voting and investment rights pertaining to such shares and (ii) the full economic interest in (including the opportunity for profit from and the risk of loss on) such shares provided that the number of shares calculated in accordance with clauses (i) and (ii) shall not include any shares (A) purchased by such person or any of its Affiliates in any transaction that has not been settled or closed (B) sold short by such person or any of its Affiliates (C) borrowed by such person or any of its Affiliates for any purpose or purchased by such person or any of its Affiliates pursuant to an agreement to resell or subject to any other obligation to resell to another person or (D) subject to any option, warrant, forward contract, swap, contract of sale, or other derivative or similar agreement entered into by such person or any of its Affiliates, whether any such instrument or agreement is to be settled with shares or with cash based on the notional amount or value of shares of outstanding capital stock of the corporation, in any such case which instrument or agreement has, or is intended to have, or if exercised would have the purpose or effect of (1) reducing in any manner, to any extent, or at any time in the future, such person s or any of its Affiliates full right to vote or direct the voting of any such shares, and or (2) hedging, offsetting, or altering to any degree any gain or loss arising from the full economic ownership of such shares by such person or any of its Affiliates. For purposes of this Section 3 and Section 13 of Article II , a shareholder or beneficial owner shall Own shares held in the name of a nominee or other intermediary so long as the person retains the right to instruct how the shares are voted with respect to the election of directors and possesses the full economic interest in the shares. For purposes of this Section 3 and Section 13 of Article II , a person shall be deemed to continue to Own shares during any period in which the person has delegated any voting power by means of a proxy, power of attorney, or other instrument or arrangement that is revocable at any time by the person. For purposes of this Section 3 and Section 13 of Article II , a person shall also be deemed to continue to Own shares during any period in which the person has loaned such shares provided that the person has the power to recall such loaned shares on no more than five (5) business days notice, the person recalls the loaned shares no later than five (5) business days after being notified that the Shareholder Requested Meeting will be held (in the case of this Section 3 or after being notified that any of its Shareholder Nominees will be included in the corporation s proxy materials (in the case of Section 13 of Article II), and the person holds the recalled shares through the date of the Shareholder Requested Meeting (in the case of this Section 3 or through the date of the annual meeting (in the case of Section 13 of Article II ). The determination of the extent to which a shareholder or beneficial owner Owns any shares of Common Stock for these purposes shall be made by the Board of Directors. The terms Owned , Owning and Ownership and other variations of the word Own shall have correlative meanings in this Section 3 and Section 13 of Article II . For purposes of these Bylaws, the term Affiliates shall have the meaning given in Rule 12b-2 under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (the Exchange Act ). 
 
 (f) No business other than that stated in the corporation s notice of meeting shall be transacted at any special meeting. 
 Section 4. Notice of Meetings . Notice stating the place (if any), day, and hour of any meeting of shareholders, the means of remote communications (if any) by which shareholders may be considered present and may vote at the meeting, and, in the case of a special meeting, the purpose or purposes for which the meeting is called, shall be given to each shareholder entitled to vote at the meeting not later than the tenth (10th) day and not earlier than the sixtieth (60th) day before the date of the meeting. The corporation may give notices of meetings and any other notices to 

5 

shareholders in person, by electronic transmission (on consent of a shareholder), or by mail at the direction of the Chair of the Board, President, Chief Executive Officer, Secretary, or other person calling the meeting. If mailed, such notice shall be deemed to be given on the date notice is deposited in the United States mail with postage paid in an envelope addressed to the shareholder at the shareholder s address as it appears on the stock transfer records of the corporation. If by electronic transmission, such notice shall be deemed to be provided when the notice is (i) transmitted to a facsimile number provided by the shareholder for the purpose of receiving notice (ii) transmitted to an electronic mail address provided by the shareholder for the purpose of receiving notice (iii) posted on an electronic network and a message is sent to the shareholder at the address provided by the shareholder for the purpose of alerting the shareholder of a posting or (iv) communicated to the shareholder by any other form of electronic transmission consented to by the shareholder. If a meeting is held by means of remote communication, the notice of the meeting must include information on how to access the list of shareholders entitled to vote at the meeting. Notwithstanding the foregoing, notice of a shareholder meeting regarding a fundamental business transaction (as defined by Texas law) must be given to each shareholder of the corporation not later than twenty-one (21) days prior to the meeting, regardless of the shareholder s right to vote on the matter. Notice of such action shall comply with any other requirements set by law. 
 
 Section 5. Fixing Record Date . For the purpose of determining shareholders entitled to notice of or to vote at any meeting of shareholders or any adjournment or postponement thereof, or entitled to receive a distribution by the corporation (other than a distribution involving a purchase or redemption by the corporation of any of its own shares) or a share dividend, or in order to make a determination of shareholders for any other proper purpose, the Board of Directors may fix in advance a date as the record date for any such determination of shareholders, such date in any case to be not earlier than the sixtieth (60 th day and at least ten (10) days before the date on which the particular action requiring such determination of shareholders is originally to be taken. If no record date is fixed for the determination of shareholders entitled to notice of or to vote at a meeting of shareholders, or shareholders entitled to receive a distribution by the corporation (other than a distribution involving a purchase or redemption by the corporation of any of its own shares) or a share dividend, the date on which notice of the meeting is first given to shareholders or the date on which the resolution of the Board of Directors declaring such distribution or share dividend is adopted, as the case may be, shall be the record date for such determination of shareholders. When a determination of shareholders entitled to vote at any meeting of shareholders has been made as provided in this Section 5 , such determination shall apply to any adjournment or postponement thereof. 
 Section 6. Voting List . Not later than the eleventh (11 th day before the date of each meeting of the shareholders of the corporation, an officer or agent having charge of the corporation s stock transfer records shall prepare an alphabetical list of the shareholders entitled to vote at such meeting or any adjournment or postponement thereof showing the address and the type and number of shares held by each shareholder. Such list shall be kept on file at the registered office or the principal executive office of the corporation and shall be subject to inspection by any shareholder at any time during regular business hours for a period of at least ten (10) days prior to such meeting. Alternatively, the list of shareholders may be kept on a reasonably accessible electronic network, if the information required to gain access to the list is provided with the notice of the meeting. Such list shall also be produced and be kept open at the time and place of the meeting and shall be subject to the inspection of any shareholder during the whole time of the meeting as 

6 

provided by applicable law. If the meeting is held by means of remote communication, the list must be open to the examination of any shareholder for the duration of the meeting on a reasonably accessible electronic network, and the information required to access the list must be provided to shareholders with the notice of the meeting. In the event that the corporation determines to make the list available on an electronic network, the corporation may take reasonable steps to ensure that such information is available only to shareholders of the corporation. The original share transfer records shall be prima facie evidence as to (a) the identity of the shareholders entitled to vote at any meeting of shareholders and the number of shares held by each of them and (b) the identity of the shareholders entitled by this Section 6 to examine the list required by this Section 6 . 
 
 Section 7. Quorum Recess Adjournment . The holders of a majority of the shares entitled to vote at a meeting of the shareholders that are present or represented by proxy at the meeting shall constitute a quorum for the consideration of a matter to be presented at the meeting, except as may otherwise be provided from time to time in the Certificate of Formation. For the avoidance of doubt, abstentions and broker nonvotes shall be treated as present for purposes of determining the presence or absence of a quorum. The chair of a meeting of shareholders shall have the power to adjourn a meeting at any time, without notice other than announcement at the meeting, whether or not there is a quorum. The holders of a majority of the shares entitled to vote thereat, and represented in person or by proxy, shall have the power to adjourn a meeting at which a quorum is not present at any time, without notice other than announcement at the meeting. Shareholders present at a duly organized meeting with a quorum present may continue to do business until recess or adjournment, and the subsequent withdrawal from the meeting of any shareholder or the refusal of any shareholder represented in person or by proxy to vote shall not affect the presence of a quorum at the meeting. When a meeting is recessed or adjourned to another time or place, notice need not be given of the recessed or adjourned meeting if the time and place (if any) thereof and the means of remote communications (if any) by which shareholders and proxy holders may be deemed to be present in person and vote at such recessed or adjourned meeting are announced at the meeting at which the recess or adjournment is taken. At any recessed or adjourned meeting at which a quorum is present, any business may be transacted which might have been transacted at the original meeting. If the recess or adjournment is for more than thirty (30) days, or if after the recess or adjournment a new record date is fixed for the recessed or adjourned meeting, a notice of the recessed or adjourned meeting shall be given to each shareholder of record entitled to vote at the meeting. 
 Section 8. Voting at Meetings . 
 (a) With respect to any matter other than the election of directors or a matter for which the affirmative vote of the holders of a specified portion of the shares entitled to vote is required by Texas law, the Certificate of Formation, these Bylaws, or the rules or regulations of any stock exchange applicable to the corporation (the Stock Exchange Rules ), the act of the shareholders shall be the affirmative vote of the holders of a majority of the shares entitled to vote on, and who voted for or against, the matter at a meeting of shareholders at which a quorum is present provided that, for purposes of this sentence, all abstentions and broker nonvotes shall not be counted as voted either for or against such matter. 
 (b) Each outstanding share, regardless of class, shall be entitled to one vote on each matter submitted to a vote at a meeting of shareholders, except to the extent that the voting 

7 

rights of shares of any class or series are limited or denied by the Certificate of Formation, or as otherwise provided by applicable law. No shareholder shall have the right of cumulative voting. 
 
 (c) A shareholder may vote either in person or by proxy executed in writing by the shareholder or by his or her duly authorized attorney in fact. As required by the Texas Business Organizations Code, a telegram, telex, cablegram, or other form of electronic transmission, including telephonic transmission, by the shareholder, or a photographic, photostatic, facsimile, or similar reproduction of a writing executed by a shareholder will be treated as an execution in writing. Any electronic transmission must contain or be accompanied by information from which it can be determined that the transmission has been authorized by the shareholder. No proxy shall be valid after eleven (11) months from the date of its execution unless otherwise provided in the proxy. Each proxy shall be revocable unless the proxy form conspicuously states that the proxy is irrevocable and the proxy is coupled with an interest. 
 Section 9. Inspectors of Election . The chair of each meeting of shareholders shall appoint one or more persons to act as inspectors of election. The inspectors of election shall report to the meeting the number of shares of each class and series of stock, and of all classes, represented either in person or by proxy. The inspectors of election shall (i) oversee the vote of the shareholders for the election of directors and for any other matters that are put to a vote of shareholders at the meeting (ii) receive a ballot evidencing votes cast by the proxy committee (iii) judge the qualifications of shareholders voting (iv) collect, count, and report the results of ballots cast by any shareholders voting in person and (v) perform such other duties as may be required by the chair of the meeting or the shareholders. 
 Section 10. Notice of Shareholder Business . 
 (a) At an annual meeting of shareholders, only such business shall be conducted as shall have been brought before the meeting (i) pursuant to the corporation s notice of such meeting (ii) by or at the direction of the Board of Directors or (iii) by any shareholder of the corporation who (A) is a shareholder of record of the corporation both at the time the notice provided for in this Section 10 is delivered to the Secretary of the corporation and at the time of the meeting, (B) is entitled to vote at the meeting, and (C) complies with the notice procedures and other requirements set forth in these Bylaws and applicable law. For business to be properly brought before an annual meeting by a shareholder, the shareholder must have given timely notice thereof in writing to the Secretary of the corporation and any such proposed business must constitute a proper matter for shareholder action. With respect to an annual meeting of shareholders, to be properly brought, a shareholder s notice must be delivered to, or mailed and received by, the Secretary of the corporation at the principal office of the corporation no later than the close of business on the sixtieth (60 th day and no earlier than the close of business on the ninetieth (90 th day prior to the first anniversary of the preceding year s annual meeting provided, however, that in the event the date of the annual meeting is more than thirty (30) days before or more than sixty (60) days after such anniversary date, to be properly brought, notice by the shareholder must be received (x) no later than the close of business on the ninetieth (90 th day prior to the date of such annual meeting or, if the first Public Announcement of the date of such annual meeting is less than one hundred (100) days prior to the date of such annual meeting, the tenth (10 th day following the day on which Public Announcement of the date of the annual meeting is first made by the corporation and (y) no earlier than the close of business on the one hundred and twentieth (120 th 

8 

day prior to such annual meeting. In no event shall an adjournment or postponement of an annual meeting commence a new time period (or extend any time period) for the giving of a shareholder s notice as described above. 
 
 (b) A shareholder s notice to the Secretary shall set forth as to each matter the shareholder proposes to bring before any annual meeting the following information (i) a brief description of the business desired to be brought before the meeting (ii) the text of the proposal or business (including the text of any resolutions proposed for consideration), which is not to exceed 500 words, and, in the event that such business includes a proposal to amend these Bylaws, the language of the proposed amendment (iii) the reasons for conducting such business at the meeting (iv) any interest in such business of such shareholder and the beneficial owner, if any, on whose behalf the proposal is made and (v) a complete and accurate description of all agreements, arrangements, and understandings (whether written or oral) between or among such shareholder and such beneficial owner, if any, and any other person or persons (including their names and addresses) in connection with the proposal of such business by such shareholder. 
 (c) As to the shareholder giving the notice and each beneficial owner, if any, on whose behalf the proposal is made (including any Affiliate or Associate), such shareholder s notice must set forth (i) the name and address of the shareholder proposing such business as they appear on the corporation s books as of the date of the notice and the name and address of such beneficial owner, if any (ii) the class or series and number of shares of the corporation that are, directly or indirectly, owned beneficially or of record (within the meaning of Rule 13d-3 under the Exchange Act) by such shareholder and such beneficial owner, if any (except that any such person shall in all events be deemed to beneficially own any shares of any class or series of the corporation as to which such person has a right to acquire beneficial ownership at any time in the future) (iii) a description of any agreement, arrangement, understanding, or relationship with respect to the proposal between or among such shareholder and or such beneficial owner, any of their respective Affiliates or Associates, and any others acting in concert with any of the foregoing (iv) a description of any proxy, contract, agreement, arrangement, understanding, or relationship pursuant to which such shareholder and such beneficial owner, if any, has a right to vote any shares of any security of the corporation (v) a description of any agreement, arrangement, understanding, or relationship (including any hedging transactions and any derivative or short positions, profit interests, options, warrants, convertible securities, stock appreciation or similar rights, and borrowed or loaned shares (a Derivative Instrument directly or indirectly owned beneficially by such shareholder and such beneficial owner, if any), whether or not such instrument or right shall be subject to settlement in underlying shares of capital stock of the corporation, the effect or intent of which is to mitigate loss to, manage risk, or benefit from share price changes for, or increase or decrease the voting power of, such shareholder or such beneficial owner, with respect to securities of the corporation (vi) any proportionate interest in shares of the corporation or Derivative Instruments held, directly or indirectly, by a general or limited partnership in which such shareholder or beneficial owner, if any, is a general partner or, directly or indirectly, beneficially owns an interest in a general partner (vii) any performance-related fees (other than an asset-based fee) that such shareholder or beneficial owner, if any, is entitled to based on any increase or decrease in the value of shares of the corporation or Derivative Instruments, if any, as of the date of such notice, including, without limitation, any such interests held by members of such shareholder s or beneficial owner s immediate family sharing the same household (viii) any rights to dividends on the shares of the corporation owned beneficially by such shareholder or beneficial owner, if any, that are separated 

9 

or separable from the underlying shares of the corporation (ix) a representation that such shareholder is a holder of record of stock of the corporation, is entitled to vote at such meeting, and intends to appear in person or by proxy at the meeting to propose such business and a representation that such beneficial owner is the beneficial owner of stock of the corporation (x) a representation as to whether such shareholder or such beneficial owner, if any, intends or is part of a group that intends to (A) deliver a proxy statement and form of proxy to the corporation s shareholders or (B) otherwise solicit proxies or votes from shareholders in support of such proposal and (xi) any other information relating to such shareholder and such beneficial owner, if any, required to be disclosed in a proxy statement or other filing required to be made in connection with solicitations of proxies for the proposal pursuant to and in accordance with Section 14(a) of the Exchange Act and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder. For purposes of these Bylaws, the term Associates shall have the meaning given in Rule 12b-2 under the Exchange Act. 
 
 (d) Notwithstanding anything in these Bylaws to the contrary, no business shall be conducted at any annual meeting except in accordance with the procedures set forth in this Section 10 and applicable law. A shareholder seeking to have a proposal included in the corporation s proxy statement shall also comply with the requirements of Section 14(a) of the Exchange Act and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder (including, but not limited to, Rule 14a-8 or any successor provision), and the notice requirements of this Section 10 shall be deemed satisfied by a shareholder (or by a beneficial owner other than a shareholder of record) if the shareholder or beneficial owner has notified the corporation of such shareholder s intention to present a proposal at an annual meeting in compliance with applicable rules and regulations promulgated under the Exchange Act and such proposal has been included in proxy materials that has been prepared by the corporation to solicit proxies for such annual meeting. Notwithstanding the foregoing provision of this Section 10 , the Board of Directors may, in its discretion, exclude from any proxy materials sent to shareholders any matters that may properly be excluded under the Exchange Act, Securities and Exchange Commission SEC rules, or other applicable laws. 
 (e) A shareholder providing notice of any business proposed to be brought before a meeting shall further update and supplement such notice, if necessary, so that the information provided or required to be provided in such notice pursuant to this Section 10 shall be true and correct as of the record date for the meeting and as of the date that is ten (10) business days prior to the meeting or any adjournment, recess, rescheduling, or postponement thereof. Such update and supplement shall be delivered to, or mailed and received by, the Secretary at the principal office of the corporation (i) not later than five (5) business days after the record date for the meeting (in the case of the update and supplement required to be made as of the record date), and (ii) not later than seven (7) business days prior to the date for the meeting or any adjournment, recess, rescheduling, or postponement thereof (in the case of the update and supplement required to be made as of ten (10) business days prior to the meeting or any adjournment, recess, rescheduling, or postponement thereof). 
 Section 11. Notice of Shareholder Nominees 
 (a) At an annual meeting of shareholders or at a special meeting of shareholders called for the purpose of electing one or more directors to the Board of Directors, nominations of persons for election to the Board of Directors may be made (i) pursuant to the corporation s notice of such meeting (ii) by or at the direction of the Board of Directors or (iii) by any shareholder of 

10 

the corporation who (A) is a shareholder of record of the corporation both at the time the notice provided for in this Section 11 is delivered to the Secretary of the corporation and at the time of the meeting, (B) is entitled to vote for the election of directors at the meeting, and (C) complies with the notice procedures and other requirements set forth in this Section 11 and applicable law. For any nomination to be properly brought before a meeting by a shareholder, the shareholder must have given timely notice thereof in writing to the Secretary of the corporation. With respect to an annual meeting of shareholders, to be properly brought, a shareholder s notice must be delivered to, or mailed and received by, the Secretary of the corporation at the principal office of the corporation within the timeframe specified in Section 10(a) of Article II . With respect to a special meeting of shareholders called for the purpose of electing one or more directors to the Board of Directors, to be properly brought, a shareholder s notice must be delivered to, or mailed and received by, the Secretary of the corporation at the principal office of the corporation no later than the close of business on the later of the sixtieth (60 th day prior to such special meeting or the tenth (10 th day following the day on which Public Announcement of the date of the special meeting is first made by the corporation and no earlier than the close of business on the ninetieth (90 th day prior to such special meeting. In no event shall an adjournment or postponement of an annual or special meeting or the Public Announcement thereof commence a new time period (or extend any time period) for the giving of a shareholder s notice as described above. 
 
 (b) As to each person whom the shareholder proposes to nominate for election or reelection as a director, such shareholder s notice must (i) set forth (A) the name, age, business address, and residence address of such person (B) the principal occupation or employment of such person (present and for the past five (5) years) (C) the class or series and number of shares of capital stock of the corporation that are owned beneficially and of record by such person (D) all information relating to such person that is required to be disclosed in solicitations of proxies for election of directors in an election contest, or is otherwise required, in each case pursuant to and in accordance with Section 14(a) of the Exchange Act and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder and (E) a complete and accurate description of all direct and indirect compensation and other material monetary agreements, arrangements, and understandings (whether written or oral) during the past three (3) years, and any other material relationships between or among such shareholder and beneficial owner, if any, and their respective Affiliates and Associates, or others acting in concert therewith, on the one hand, and each proposed nominee, and his or her respective Affiliates and Associates, or others acting in concert therewith, on the other hand, including, without limitation, all information that would be required to be disclosed pursuant to Rule 404 promulgated under Regulation S-K of the Securities Act of 1933 Regulation S-K if the shareholder making the nomination and any beneficial owner on whose behalf the nomination is made, if any, or any Affiliate or Associate thereof or person acting in concert therewith, were the registrant for purposes of such rule and the nominee were a director or executive officer of such registrant and (ii) be accompanied by (x) a notarized letter signed by such person stating his or her acceptance of the nomination by that shareholder or beneficial owner, stating his or her intention to serve as a director for the full term if elected, and consenting to being named as a nominee for director in any proxy statement relating to such election, and (y) a completed signed questionnaire and written representation and agreement, each as required by Section 12 of Article II . The corporation may require any proposed nominee to furnish such other information as the corporation may reasonably require to determine the eligibility of such proposed nominee to serve as a director of the corporation and that the corporation believes could be material to a reasonable shareholder s 

11 

understanding of the independence (both from management and from the shareholder and beneficial owner, if any) and qualifications of such proposed nominee. 
 
 (c) As to the shareholder giving the notice and each beneficial owner, if any, on whose behalf the nomination is made (including any Affiliate or Associate), such shareholder s notice must set forth (i) the information required by (i) through (viii) of Section 10(c) of Article II (ii) a representation that such shareholder is a holder of record of stock of the corporation, is entitled to vote at such meeting, and intends to appear in person or by proxy at the meeting to propose such nomination and a representation that such beneficial owner, if any, is the beneficial owner of stock of the corporation (iii) a representation as to whether such shareholder or such beneficial owner, if any, intends or is part of a group that intends to (A) deliver a proxy statement and form of proxy to holders of at least the percentage of the corporation s outstanding stock required to elect the nominee or (B) otherwise solicit proxies or votes from shareholders in support of such nomination and (iv) any other information relating to such shareholder and such beneficial owner, if any, required to be disclosed in a proxy statement or other filing required to be made in connection with solicitations of proxies for the election of directors in an election contest pursuant to and in accordance with Section 14(a) of the Exchange Act and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder. These Bylaws shall not be deemed to require inclusion in the corporation s proxy statement of nominations or proposals of shareholders which the corporation is not otherwise required to include in its proxy statement. No person nominated for election to the Board of Directors by a shareholder of the corporation shall be eligible for election as a director of the corporation unless nominated in accordance with the procedures set forth in these Bylaws and applicable law. 
 (d) A shareholder providing notice of any nomination proposed to be brought before a meeting shall further update and supplement such notice, if necessary, so that the information provided or required to be provided in such notice pursuant to this Section 11 shall be true and correct as of the record date for the meeting and as of the date that is ten (10) business days prior to the meeting or any adjournment, recess, rescheduling, or postponement thereof. Such update and supplement shall be delivered to, or mailed and received by, the Secretary at the principal office of the corporation (i) not later than five (5) business days after the record date for the meeting (in the case of the update and supplement required to be made as of the record date) and (ii) not later than seven (7) business days prior to the date for the meeting or any adjournment, recess, rescheduling, or postponement thereof (in the case of the update and supplement required to be made as of ten (10) business days prior to the meeting or any adjournment, recess, rescheduling, or postponement thereof). 
 Section 12. Questionnaire Voting Commitment . To be eligible to be a nominee for election or reelection as a director of the corporation pursuant to Section 11 or 13 of Article II , a proposed nominee must deliver (in accordance with the time periods prescribed for delivery of notice under these Bylaws and applicable law) to the Secretary at the principal office of the corporation (a) a written questionnaire (in the form provided by the Secretary upon written request) with respect to the background and qualification of such person and the background of any other person or entity on whose behalf the nomination is being made and (b) a written representation and agreement (in the form provided by the Secretary upon written request) that such person (i) is not and will not become a party to (A) any agreement, arrangement, or understanding (whether written or oral) with, and has not given any commitment or assurance to, any person or entity as to how 

12 

such person, if elected as a director of the corporation, will act or vote in such capacity on any issue or question (a Voting Commitment that has not been disclosed to the corporation or (B) any Voting Commitment that could limit or interfere with such person s ability to comply, if elected as a director of the corporation, with such person s fiduciary duties under applicable law (ii) is not and will not become a party to any agreement, arrangement, or understanding (whether written or oral) with any person or entity other than the corporation with respect to any direct or indirect compensation, reimbursement, or indemnification in connection with such person s nomination, candidacy, service, or action as a director of the corporation that has not been disclosed to the corporation and (iii) would be in compliance, if elected as a director of the corporation, and will comply with all applicable law, the Stock Exchange Rules, the corporation s Corporate Governance Guidelines, the corporation s Code of Ethics, and any other policies and guidelines of the corporation applicable to members of the Board of Directors and any applicable Board committee(s . 
 
 Section 13. Shareholder Nominations Included in the Corporation s Proxy Materials . 
 (a) Inclusion of Nominees in Proxy Statement Subject to the provisions of this Section 13 , if expressly requested in the relevant Nomination Notice, the corporation shall include in its proxy statement for any annual meeting of shareholders (i) the name of any person nominated for election (the Shareholder Nominee ), which shall also be included on the corporation s form of proxy and ballot, by any Eligible Shareholder or group of up to twenty (20) Eligible Shareholders that has (individually and, in the case of a group, collectively) satisfied, as determined by the Board of Directors, all applicable conditions and complied with all applicable procedures set forth in this Section 13 (such Eligible Shareholder or group of Eligible Shareholders being a Nominating Shareholder (ii) disclosure about the Shareholder Nominee and the Nominating Shareholder required under the rules of the SEC or other applicable law to be included in the proxy statement (iii) any statement included by the Nominating Shareholder in the Nomination Notice for inclusion in the proxy statement in support of the Shareholder Nominee s election to the Board of Directors (subject, without limitation, to Section 13(e)(ii) of Article II ), if such statement does not exceed five hundred (500) words and fully complies with Section 14 of the Exchange Act and the rules and regulations thereunder (the Supporting Statement and (iv) any other information that the corporation or the Board of Directors determines, in their discretion, to include in the proxy statement relating to the nomination of the Shareholder Nominee, including, without limitation, any statement in opposition to the nomination and any of the information provided pursuant to this Section 13 . 
 (b) Maximum Number of Nominees 
 (i) The maximum number of Shareholder Nominees that may be included in the corporation s proxy statement for an annual meeting of shareholders pursuant to this Section 13 shall not exceed the greater of (A) two (2) or (B) twenty (20) percent of the number of directors of the corporation on the last day on which a Nomination Notice may be submitted pursuant to this Section 13 with respect to the annual meeting (rounded down to the nearest whole number) (the Maximum Number ). The Maximum Number for a particular annual meeting shall be reduced by (1) the number of Shareholder Nominees whose nominations are subsequently withdrawn by the Nominating Shareholder 

13 

or who become unwilling to serve on the Board of Directors (2) the number of Shareholder Nominees who the Board of Directors itself decides to nominate for election at such annual meeting (3) the number of Shareholder Nominees who cease to satisfy the eligibility requirements in this Section 13 , as determined by the Board of Directors (4) in the event that a Nominating Shareholder ceases to satisfy the eligibility requirements in this Section 13 , as determined by the Board of Directors, the number of Shareholder Nominees of such Nominating Shareholder and (5) the number of incumbent directors who had been Shareholder Nominees, or nominees of a shareholder pursuant to the advance notice requirements set forth in Section 11 of Article II , at any of the preceding two (2) annual meetings of shareholders and whose reelection at the upcoming annual meeting is being recommended by the Board of Directors. In the event that one or more vacancies for any reason occur on the Board of Directors after the deadline for submitting a Nomination Notice as set forth in Section 13(d) of Article II but before the date of the annual meeting, and the Board of Directors resolves to reduce the size of the board in connection therewith, the Maximum Number shall be calculated based on the number of directors as so reduced. 
 
 (ii) If the number of Shareholder Nominees pursuant to this Section 13 for any annual meeting of shareholders exceeds the Maximum Number, then, promptly upon notice from the corporation, each Nominating Shareholder will select one (1) Shareholder Nominee for inclusion in the proxy statement until the Maximum Number is reached, going in order of the amount (largest to smallest) of shares of the corporation s Common Stock that each Nominating Shareholder disclosed as Owned in its Nomination Notice, with the process repeated if the Maximum Number is not reached after each Nominating Shareholder has selected one (1) Shareholder Nominee. Following such determination, whether before or after the mailing or other distribution of the definitive proxy statement, if (A) a Nominating Shareholder becomes ineligible or withdraws its nomination, (B) a Shareholder Nominee becomes ineligible or unwilling to serve on the Board of Directors, or (C) a Shareholder Nominee is thereafter nominated by the Board of Directors, the corporation (1) shall not be required to include in its proxy statement or on any ballot or form of proxy the Shareholder Nominee (in the case of clause (A) or (B)) or any successor or replacement nominee proposed by the Nominating Shareholder or by any other Nominating Shareholder and (2) may otherwise communicate to its shareholders, including, without limitation, by amending or supplementing its proxy statement or ballot or form of proxy, that the Shareholder Nominee will not be included as a Shareholder Nominee in the proxy statement or on any ballot or form of proxy. 
 (c) Eligibility of Nominating Shareholder 
 (i) An Eligible Shareholder is a person who has either (A) been a record holder of the shares of Common Stock of the corporation used to satisfy the eligibility requirements in this Section 13(c) continuously for the three (3) year period specified in Section 13(c)(ii) of Article II or (B) provides to the Secretary of the corporation, within the time period referred to in Section 13(d) of Article II , evidence of continuous Ownership by that person of such shares for such three (3) year period from one or more securities intermediaries in a form that the Board of Directors determines would be deemed acceptable for purposes of a shareholder proposal under Rule 14a-8(b)(2) under the Exchange Act (or any successor rule). 

14 

(ii) An Eligible Shareholder or group of up to twenty (20) Eligible Shareholders may submit a nomination in accordance with this Section 13 only if the person or group (in the aggregate) has continuously Owned at least the Minimum Number (as adjusted for any stock splits, stock dividends, or similar events) of shares of the corporation s Common Stock throughout the three (3) year period preceding and including the date of submission of the Nomination Notice, and continues to Own at least the Minimum Number of shares of the corporation s Common Stock through the date of the annual meeting. For purposes of qualifying as an Eligible Shareholder and satisfying the ownership requirements set forth in this Section 13(c) , two (2) or more funds that are (A) under common management and investment control, (B) under common management and funded primarily by the same employer, or (C) a group of investment companies, as such term is defined in Section 12(d)(1)(G)(ii) of the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended, shall be treated as one (1) shareholder or beneficial owner. Any group of funds whose shares are so aggregated shall, within five (5) business days after the date of the Nomination Notice, submit to the Secretary of the corporation at the corporation s principal office documentation that demonstrates that the funds satisfy the foregoing sentence, as determined by the Board of Directors, and such documentation shall be deemed part of the Nomination Notice for purposes of this Section 13 . For the avoidance of doubt, in the event of a nomination by a group of Eligible Shareholders, any and all requirements and obligations for an individual Eligible Shareholder that are set forth in this Section 13 , including the minimum holding period, shall apply to each member of such group provided, however, that the Minimum Number shall apply to the Ownership of the group in the aggregate. Should any shareholder cease to satisfy the eligibility requirements in this Section 13 , as determined by the Board of Directors, or withdraw from a group of Eligible Shareholders at any time prior to the annual meeting of shareholders, the group of Eligible Shareholders shall only be deemed to Own the shares held by the remaining members of the group. 
 (iii) The Minimum Number means three (3) percent of the number of outstanding shares of the corporation s Common Stock as of the most recent date for which such amount is given in any filing by the corporation with the SEC prior to the submission of the Nomination Notice. 
 (iv) No person may be a member of more than one (1) group constituting a Nominating Shareholder, and if any person appears as a member of more than one (1) group, he, she, or it shall be deemed to be a member of only the group that has the largest ownership position, as reflected in the Nomination Notice. 
 (d) Nomination Notice . To nominate a Shareholder Nominee pursuant to this Section 13 , the Nominating Shareholder must deliver to, and they must be received by, the Secretary of the corporation at the corporation s principal office all of the following information and documents (collectively, the Nomination Notice no later than one hundred and twenty (120) days and no earlier than one hundred and fifty (150) days prior to the first anniversary of the date that the corporation mailed its proxy statement for the prior year s annual meeting of shareholders provided, however, that if the annual meeting is not scheduled to be held within a period that commences thirty (30) days before the first anniversary date of the preceding year s annual meeting of shareholders and ends sixty (60) days after the first anniversary date of the preceding year s 

15 

annual meeting of shareholders (an annual meeting date outside such period being referred to herein as an Other Meeting Date ), the Nomination Notice shall be given in the manner provided herein by the later of the close of business on the date that is one hundred and eighty (180) days prior to such Other Meeting Date or the tenth (10 th day following the date such Other Meeting Date is first publicly announced or disclosed (in no event shall the adjournment or postponement of an annual meeting, or the announcement thereof, commence a new time period (or extend any time period) for the giving of the Nomination Notice) 
 
 (i) one or more written statements from the record holder of the shares (and from each intermediary through which the shares are or have been held during the requisite three (3) year holding period) verifying that, as of a date within seven (7) days prior to the date of the Nomination Notice, the Nominating Shareholder Owns, and has continuously Owned for the preceding three (3) years, the Minimum Number of shares of the corporation s Common Stock, and the Nominating Shareholder s agreement to provide, (A) within five (5) business days after the record date for the annual meeting, written statements from the record holder and intermediaries verifying the Nominating Shareholder s continuous Ownership of the Minimum Number of shares of the corporation s Common Stock through the record date and (B) within two (2) business days after the date of the annual meeting, written statements from the record holder and intermediaries verifying the Nominating Shareholder s continuous Ownership of the Minimum Number of shares of the corporation s Common Stock through the date of the annual meeting 
 (ii) a copy of the Schedule 14N (or any successor form) relating to the Shareholder Nominee, completed and filed with the SEC by the Nominating Shareholder in accordance with SEC rules, or, if Schedule 14N (or any successor form) is not then required by the SEC, a written statement to the corporation containing the information required by Schedule 14N as in effect in November 2016 
 (iii) a notarized letter signed by the Shareholder Nominee stating his or her acceptance of his or her nomination, stating his or her intention to serve as a director for the full term if elected, and consenting to being named as a nominee for director in the corporation s proxy statement, form of proxy, and ballot as a nominee 
 (iv) a written notice of the nomination of the Shareholder Nominee that includes the following additional information, agreements, representations, and warranties by the Nominating Shareholder (including, for the avoidance of doubt, each group member) (A) the information that would be required to be set forth in a shareholder s notice of nomination pursuant to Sections 11 and 12 of Article II (B) the details of any relationship that existed within the past three (3) years and that would have been described pursuant to Item 6(e) of Schedule 14N (or any successor item) if it existed on the date of submission of the written notice (C) a representation and warranty that the Nominating Shareholder did not acquire, and is not holding, securities of the corporation for the purpose or with the effect of influencing or changing control of the corporation (D) a representation and warranty that the Nominating Shareholder has not nominated and will not nominate for election to the Board of Directors at the annual meeting any person other than such Nominating Shareholder s Shareholder Nominee(s) (E) a representation and warranty that the 

16 

Nominating Shareholder has not engaged in and will not engage in a solicitation within the meaning of Rule 14a-1(l) under the Exchange Act (without reference to the exception in Section 14a-1(l)(2)(iv)) (or any successor rules) with respect to the annual meeting, other than with respect to such Nominating Shareholder s Shareholder Nominee(s) or any nominee of the Board of Directors (F) a representation and warranty that the Nominating Shareholder will not use any proxy card other than the corporation s proxy card in soliciting shareholders in connection with the election of a Shareholder Nominee at the annual meeting (G) a representation and warranty that the Shareholder Nominee s candidacy or, if elected, Board membership would not violate applicable state, federal, or foreign law or the Stock Exchange Rules (H) a representation and warranty that the Shareholder Nominee (1) qualifies as independent under the Stock Exchange Rules (2) meets the director qualifications set forth in the corporation s Corporate Governance Guidelines and (3) is not and has not been subject to any event specified in Rule 506(d)(1) of Regulation D (or any successor rule) under the Securities Act of 1933 or Item 401(f) of Regulation S-K (or any successor rule), without reference to whether the event is material to an evaluation of the ability or integrity of the Shareholder Nominee (I) a representation and warranty that the Nominating Shareholder satisfies the eligibility requirements set forth in Section 13(c) of Article II (J) a representation and warranty that the Nominating Shareholder will continue to satisfy the eligibility requirements described in Section 13(c) of Article II through the date of the annual meeting (K) a statement regarding the Nominating Shareholder s intent with respect to continued Ownership of the Minimum Number of shares of the corporation s Common Stock for at least one (1) year following the annual meeting (L) details of any position of the Shareholder Nominee as an officer or director of any competitor of the corporation (that is, any entity that provides services that compete with or are alternatives to the services provided by the corporation or its Affiliates) within the three (3) years preceding the submission of the Nomination Notice (M) if desired, a Supporting Statement (N) in the case of a nomination by a group of shareholders that together is an Eligible Shareholder, the designation by all group members of one (1) group member that is authorized to act on behalf of all group members with respect to matters relating to the nomination and matters related thereto, including withdrawal of the nomination and (O) a description of any material relationship or any direct or indirect compensatory, payment, or other financial agreement, arrangement, or understanding during the past three (3) years between or among such Nominating Shareholder and its respective Affiliates and Associates or others acting in concert therewith, on the one hand, and such Shareholder Nominee and his or her respective Affiliates and Associates or others acting in concert therewith, on the other hand, including, without limitation, all information that would be required to be disclosed pursuant to Item 404 of Regulation S-K if the Nominating Shareholder or any Affiliate or Associate thereof or other person acting in concert therewith were the registrant for purposes of such rule and the Shareholder Nominee were a director or executive officer of such registrant and 
 
 (v) an executed agreement, in a form deemed satisfactory by the Board of Directors, pursuant to which the Nominating Shareholder (including each group member) agrees (A) to comply with all applicable laws, rules, and regulations in connection with the nomination, solicitation, and election of the Shareholder Nominee (B) to file with the SEC any written solicitation or other communication with the corporation s shareholders by or on behalf of the Nominating Shareholder relating to the corporation s annual meeting of 

17 

shareholders, one or more of the corporation s directors or director nominees, or any Shareholder Nominee, regardless of whether any such filing is required under any rule or regulation or whether any exemption from filing is available for such solicitation or other communication under any rule or regulation (C) to assume all liability stemming from a Proceeding concerning any actual or alleged legal or regulatory violation arising out of any communication by the Nominating Shareholder or the Shareholder Nominee nominated by such Nominating Shareholder with the corporation, its shareholders, or any other person in connection with the nomination or election of directors, including, without limitation, the Nomination Notice (D) to indemnify and hold harmless (jointly with all other group members, in the case of a group member) the corporation and each of its directors, officers, and employees individually against any liability, loss, damages, expenses, or other costs (including attorneys fees) incurred in connection with any threatened or pending Proceeding against the corporation or any of its directors, officers, or employees arising out of or relating to a failure or alleged failure of the Nominating Shareholder or Shareholder Nominee to comply with, or any breach or alleged breach of, its, or his or her, as applicable, obligations, agreements, or representations under this Section 13 (E) in the event that any information included in the Nomination Notice, or any other communication by the Nominating Shareholder (including with respect to any group member) with the corporation, its shareholders, or any other person in connection with the nomination or election, ceases to be true and accurate in all material respects (or omits a material fact necessary to make the statements made not misleading), to promptly (and in any event within forty-eight (48) hours of discovering such misstatement or omission) notify the corporation and any other recipient of such communication of the misstatement or omission in such previously provided information and of the information that is required to correct the misstatement or omission and (F) in the event that the Nominating Shareholder (including any group member) has failed to continue to satisfy the eligibility requirements described in Section 13(c) of Article II , including Ownership of the Minimum Number of shares of the corporation s Common Stock, to promptly (and in any event within forty-eight (48) hours of discovering such failure) notify the corporation of such failure. 
 
 The information and documents required by this Section 13(d) shall be (i) provided with respect to and executed by each group member of the Nominating Shareholder, in the case of information applicable to group members and (ii) provided with respect to the persons specified in Instructions 1 and 2 to Items 6(c) and (d) of Schedule 14N (or any successor item) or, if Schedule 14N (or any successor form) is not then required by the SEC, as required by Schedule 14N as in effect in November 2016, in the case of a Nominating Shareholder or group member that is an entity. The Nomination Notice shall be deemed submitted on the date on which all the information and documents referred to in this Section 13(d) (other than such information and documents contemplated to be provided after the date the Nomination Notice is provided) have been delivered to or, if sent by mail, received by the Secretary of the corporation. 
 (e) Exceptions 
 (i) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in this Section 13 , the corporation may omit from its proxy statement any Shareholder Nominee, and any information concerning such Shareholder Nominee (including a Nominating Shareholder s Supporting Statement), and in such case, no vote on such Shareholder 

18 

Nominee will occur (notwithstanding that ballots or proxies in respect of related votes may have been received by the corporation), and the Nominating Shareholder may not, after the last day on which a Nomination Notice would be timely, cure in any way any defect preventing the nomination of the Shareholder Nominee, if (A) the corporation receives a notice that any shareholder intends to nominate a candidate for director at the annual meeting pursuant to the advance notice requirements set forth in Section 11 of Article II without such shareholder s notice expressly electing to have such director candidate included in the corporation s proxy statement pursuant to this Section 13 , whether or not such notice is subsequently withdrawn or made the subject of a settlement with the corporation (B) the Nominating Shareholder withdraws its nomination (C) the Board of Directors determines that such Shareholder Nominee s nomination or election to the Board of Directors would result in the corporation violating or failing to be in compliance with these Bylaws, the Certificate of Formation, or any applicable state, federal, or foreign law, rule, or regulation, including the Stock Exchange Rules (D) the Shareholder Nominee is not independent under the Stock Exchange Rules, any applicable rules of the SEC, and any standards used by the Board of Directors in determining the independence of the corporation s directors, in each case as determined by the Board of Directors (E) the Shareholder Nominee was nominated for election to the Board of Directors pursuant to this Section 13 at one of the corporation s two (2) preceding annual meetings of shareholders and either (1) withdrew from or became ineligible or unavailable for election at such annual meeting or (2) did not receive at least twenty-five (25) percent of the total votes cast in favor of his or her election at such annual meeting the Shareholder Nominee has been, within the past three (3) years, an officer or director of a competitor of the corporation (that is, any entity that provides services that compete with or are alternatives to the services provided by the corporation or its Affiliates) or the corporation is notified, or the Board of Directors determines, that the Nominating Shareholder has failed to continue to satisfy the eligibility requirements described in Section 13(c) of Article II , any of the representations and warranties made in the Nomination Notice ceases to be true and accurate in all material respects (or omits a material fact necessary to make the statements made not misleading), the Shareholder Nominee becomes unwilling or unable to serve on the Board of Directors, or any material violation or breach occurs of any of the obligations, agreements, representations, or warranties of the Nominating Shareholder or the Shareholder Nominee under this Section 13 . 
 
 (ii) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in this Section 13 , the Board of Directors or the chair of the meeting of shareholders shall declare a nomination by a Nominating Shareholder to be invalid, and such nomination and any votes received with respect to the applicable Shareholder Nominee shall be disregarded (notwithstanding that ballots or proxies in respect of such vote may have been received by the corporation and notwithstanding that the annual meeting of shareholders shall have been held), if (A) the Nominating Shareholder or the applicable Shareholder Nominee shall have breached any of its, his, or her obligations, agreements, or representations under this Section 13 , including the agreement to provide written statements of continuous ownership of the Minimum Number of shares of the corporation s Common Stock through the date of the annual meeting in the timeframe specified by Section 13(d)(i) of Article II , as determined by the Board of Directors or (B) the Nominating Shareholder or designated lead group member, as applicable, or any qualified representative thereof, does not appear at the annual meeting and present the nomination pursuant to this Section 13 . For purposes of this Section 13 , to be considered a qualified representative of a shareholder, (1) a person must be a duly authorized officer, manager, or partner of such shareholder or must be authorized by a writing executed by such shareholder stating that such person is authorized to act for such shareholder as a proxy at the meeting of shareholders and (2) prior to the presentation of such nomination 
 19 

at the meeting of shareholders, such person must produce a valid government-issued photo identification as well as either (x) proof that he or she is a duly authorized officer, manager, or partner of such shareholder or (y) such writing (or a reliable reproduction or electronic transmission of the writing). 
 (iii) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in this Section 13 , the corporation may omit from its proxy statement, or may supplement or correct, any information, including all or any portion of the Supporting Statement or any other statement in support of the Shareholder Nominee included in the Nomination Notice, if the Board of Directors determines that (A) such information is not true in all material respects or omits a material statement necessary to make the statements made not misleading (B) such information directly or indirectly impugns the character, integrity, or personal reputation of, or directly or indirectly makes charges concerning improper, illegal, or immoral conduct or associations, without factual foundation, with respect to, any individual, corporation, partnership, association, or other entity, organization, or governmental authority (C) the inclusion of such information in the proxy statement would otherwise violate the SEC proxy rules or any other applicable law, rule, or regulation or (D) the inclusion of such information in the proxy statement would impose a material risk of liability upon the corporation. 
 The corporation may solicit against, and include in the proxy statement its own statement relating to, any Shareholder Nominee. 
 Section 14. General . 
 (a) Except as otherwise provided by applicable law, (i) only such business shall be conducted at any meeting of shareholders as shall have been brought before the meeting in accordance with the requirements set forth in Section 10 of Article II and applicable law and (ii) only such persons who are nominated in accordance with the requirements set forth in Section 11 or 13 of Article II and applicable law shall be eligible to be elected at any meeting of shareholders of the corporation called for the purpose of the election of one or more directors to the Board of Directors. 
 (b) Except as otherwise provided by applicable law, (i) the chair of the meeting shall have the power to determine whether any business proposed to be brought before the meeting (including a director nomination) has been proposed or made in compliance with applicable law and Sections 10 , 11 , or 13 of Article II , as applicable and (ii) if any proposed business or nomination has not been proposed or made in compliance with applicable law and Sections 10 , 11 , or 13 of Article II , as applicable, the chair of the meeting shall have the power not to permit any such business or nomination, or any voting with respect to such business or nomination, to be transacted. 

20 

(c) Notwithstanding Sections 10 and 11 of Article II , unless otherwise required by applicable law, if the shareholder (or a qualified representative of the shareholder) does not appear at the annual or special meeting of shareholders of the corporation and present his, her, or its proposed business or nomination, such proposed business may not be transacted and any nomination by the shareholder may be disregarded, notwithstanding that ballots or proxies in respect of related votes may have been received by the corporation. For purposes of this Section 14(c) , to be considered a qualified representative of the shareholder, (i) a person must be a duly authorized officer, manager, or partner of such shareholder or must be authorized by a writing executed by such shareholder stating that such person is authorized to act for such shareholder as a proxy at the meeting of shareholders and (ii) prior to the presentation of such business or nomination at the meeting of shareholders, such person must produce a valid government-issued photo identification as well as either (A) proof that he or she is a duly authorized officer, manager, or partner of such shareholder or (B) such writing (or a reliable reproduction or electronic transmission of the writing). 
 (d) For purposes of Sections 10 and 11 of Article II , Public Announcement shall be a disclosure in a press release reported by the Dow Jones News Service, Associated Press, or other national news service in a document publicly filed with or furnished to the SEC by the corporation pursuant to Sections 13, 14, or 15(d) of the Exchange Act and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder or on the corporation s website. 
 (e) Any shareholder or beneficial owner, if any, or any of their Affiliates, Associates or other persons acting in concert therewith, directly or indirectly soliciting proxies for the election of directors must use a proxy card color other than white. White proxy cards shall be reserved for exclusive use by the corporation. 
 (f) If a shareholder or beneficial owner, if any, or any of their Affiliates, Associates or other persons acting in concert therewith intend to solicit proxies in support of any proposed nominee other than the corporation s nominees, such person shall, in addition to the other requirements of these Bylaws 
 (i) Deliver to the Secretary of the corporation, no later than the earlier of the time provided in these Bylaws or the time provided in Rule 14a-19 of the Exchange Act, the notice and other information required in Rule 14a-19 of the Exchange Act and 
 (ii) Deliver to the Secretary of the corporation, no later than five (5) business days before the applicable meeting of shareholders, reasonable evidence that it (including any others acting in concert with it) has met the requirements of Rule 14a-19 of the Exchange Act with respect to such nominees. 
 Unless otherwise required by law, if any shareholder (1) provides notice pursuant to Rule 14a-19(b) of the Exchange Act and (2) subsequently fails to comply with any requirement of Rule 14a-19 of the Exchange Act or any other rules or regulations of the Exchange Act or fails timely to provide the evidence described in the preceding clause (f)(ii), then the corporation shall disregard any proxies or votes solicited for such nominees, and such nominations shall be disregarded. 

21 

(g) In addition to Sections 10 , 11 , and 13 of Article II , a shareholder shall also comply with all applicable requirements of the Exchange Act and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder with respect to the matters set forth in Sections 10 , 11 , or 13 of Article II provided, however, that any references in these Bylaws to the Exchange Act or the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder are not intended to, and shall not, limit any requirements applicable to nominations or proposals as to any other business to be considered pursuant to Sections 10 , 11 , or 13 of Article II , and compliance with Sections 10 , 11 , 13 and 14 of Article II shall be the exclusive means for a shareholder to make nominations or submit other business (other than business properly brought under and in compliance with Rule 14a-8 of the Exchange Act or any successor provision, as provided in the second sentence of Section 10(d) of Article II). 
 Section 15. Conduct of Meetings . 
 (a) Meetings of shareholders shall be presided over by the chair of the meeting of shareholders, who shall be a director or an officer designated by the Board of Directors. The secretary of each meeting of shareholders shall be the Secretary or Assistant Secretary or, in the absence (or inability or refusal to act) of the Secretary or Assistant Secretary, any other person so appointed to act by the chair of the meeting. 
 (b) The Board of Directors may adopt such rules and regulations for the conduct of any meeting of shareholders as it shall deem appropriate. Except to the extent inconsistent with these Bylaws or such rules and regulations as are adopted by the Board of Directors, the chair of each meeting of shareholders shall have the right and authority to convene and (whether or not a quorum is present and for any reason or no reason) to adjourn or recess the meeting, to prescribe such rules and regulations, and to do all such acts as, in the judgment of such chair, are appropriate for the proper conduct of the meeting. Such rules or regulations or acts may include, without limitation, the following (i) the establishment of an agenda or order of business for the meeting (ii) rules and procedures for maintaining order at the meeting and the safety of those present (iii) limitations on attendance at or participation in the meeting to shareholders entitled to vote at the meeting, their duly authorized and constituted proxies, or such other persons as the chair of the meeting shall determine (iv) restrictions on entry to the meeting after the time fixed for the commencement thereof (v) restrictions on the use of photographic, audio or video recording devices (including cellular telephones) at the meeting (vi) limitations on the time allotted to questions or comments by participants and (vii) regulating the opening and closing of the polls for balloting and matters that are to be voted on. Unless and to the extent determined by the Board of Directors or the chair of the meeting, meetings of shareholders are not required to be held in accordance with the rules of parliamentary procedure. In addition to making any other determination that may be appropriate to the conduct of the meeting, the chair of the meeting shall, if the facts warrant, determine and declare to the meeting that a matter, nomination or other business was not properly brought before the meeting. If the chair of the meeting should so determine, the chair of the meeting shall so declare to the meeting, and any such matter, nomination or other business declared not to be properly brought before the meeting shall not be transacted or considered. 

22 

ARTICLE III BOARD OF DIRECTORS 
 Section 1. Management . The business and affairs of the corporation shall be managed under the direction of a Board of Directors. 
 Section 2. Number and Election Term of Office Qualifications . 
 (a) The number of directors of the corporation shall be determined from time to time exclusively by resolution of the Board of Directors, but no decrease in such number shall have the effect of shortening the term of any incumbent director. At each annual meeting of shareholders, the shareholders shall elect directors to hold office until the next succeeding annual meeting. Directors shall be elected by a majority of the votes cast by the holders of shares entitled to vote in the election of directors at a meeting of shareholders at which a quorum is present provided that if the number of nominees exceeds the number of directors to be elected, the directors shall be elected by a plurality of the votes cast by the holders of shares entitled to vote in the election of directors at a meeting of shareholders at which a quorum is present. For purposes of this Section 2(a) , (i) a majority of the votes cast means that the number of votes cast for a nominee for director must exceed the number of votes cast against that nominee, and (ii) abstentions and broker nonvotes shall not be counted as votes cast either for or against any nominee for director. 
 (b) If a nominee for director who is an incumbent director is not elected and no successor has been elected at such meeting, the director shall promptly tender his or her resignation to the Board of Directors. The Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee shall make a recommendation to the Board of Directors as to whether to accept or reject the tendered resignation or whether other action should be taken. The Board of Directors shall act on the tendered resignation, taking into account the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee s recommendation, and shall publicly disclose (by a press release, a report furnished to or filed with the SEC, or other broadly disseminated means of communication) its decision regarding the tendered resignation and the rationale behind its decision within ninety (90) days from the date of the certification of the election results. The Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee in making its recommendation, and the Board of Directors in making its decision, may each consider any factors or other information it considers appropriate and relevant. The director who tenders his or her resignation shall not participate in the recommendation of the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee or the decision of the Board of Directors with respect to his or her resignation. If an incumbent director s resignation is not accepted by the Board of Directors, that director shall continue to serve until the next annual meeting and until his or her successor shall have been elected and qualified or until his or her earlier death, retirement, resignation, or removal for cause in accordance with the provisions of these Bylaws. If an incumbent director s resignation is accepted by the Board of Directors, or if a nominee for director is not elected and the nominee is not an incumbent director, then the Board of Directors, in its sole discretion, may fill any resulting vacancy in accordance with the provisions of these Bylaws or may decrease the size of the Board of Directors in accordance with the provisions of these Bylaws. 
 (c) Each director shall hold office for the term for which he or she is elected and until his or her successor shall have been elected and qualified or until his or her earlier death, 

23 

retirement, resignation, or removal for cause in accordance with the provisions of these Bylaws. Any director may resign at any time only upon written notice to the Chair of the Board and the Secretary of the corporation. Directors need not be residents of the State of Texas or shareholders of the corporation, but they must have been nominated by either the Board of Directors or by shareholders in accordance with the procedures set forth in these Bylaws, the corporation s Corporate Governance Guidelines, and applicable law in order to be eligible for election as directors. 
 
 Section 3. Vacancies Increases in the Number of Directors . Subject to the provisions of the following paragraph, any vacancy occurring in the Board of Directors may be filled by election at an annual or special meeting of shareholders called for that purpose or by the affirmative vote of a majority of the remaining directors, even if the remaining directors constitute less than a quorum of the Board of Directors. A director elected to fill a vacancy shall be elected for the unexpired term of the director s predecessor in office. 
 Any vacancy to be filled because of an increase in the number of directors may be filled by election at an annual or special meeting of shareholders called for that purpose or by the Board of Directors for a term of office continuing only until the next election of one or more directors by the shareholders. During a period between two successive annual meetings of shareholders, the Board of Directors may not fill more than two vacancies created by an increase in the number of directors. 
 Section 4. Removal . At any meeting of shareholders called expressly for that purpose, any director may be removed, but only for cause, by vote of the holders of a majority of the shares then entitled to vote for the election of directors. Except as otherwise provided by applicable law, cause for the removal of a director shall be deemed to exist only if the director whose removal is proposed (a) has been convicted of a felony by a court of competent jurisdiction and that conviction is no longer subject to direct appeal (b) has been found to have been grossly negligent in the performance of his or her duties to the corporation in any matter of substantial importance to the corporation by (i) the affirmative vote of at least eighty (80) percent of the directors then in office at any meeting of the Board of Directors called for that purpose or (ii) a court of competent jurisdiction or (c) has been adjudicated by a court of competent jurisdiction to be mentally incompetent, which mental incompetency directly affects his or her ability to serve as a director of the corporation. 
 Section 5. Place of Meeting . Meetings of the Board of Directors, regular or special, may be held either within or without the State of Texas. Meetings may also be held solely or partially by means of remote communication in accordance with Texas law. 
 Section 6. First Meeting . The first meeting of each newly elected Board may be held immediately following the shareholders meeting at which the directors are elected and at the place at which such annual meeting is held. If such meeting is held immediately following the shareholders meeting at which the directors are elected and at the place at which such annual meeting is held, no notice of such meeting shall be necessary to the newly elected directors in order to legally constitute the meeting provided a quorum shall be present. 

24 

Section 7. Regular Meetings . Regular meetings of the Board of Directors may be held without notice at such time and place as shall from time to time be determined by the Board of Directors. 
 Section 8. Special Meetings . Special meetings of the Board of Directors may be called by or at the request of the Chair of the Board or the Chief Executive Officer and shall be called by the Chair of the Board or by the Secretary at the request of a majority of the members of the Board of Directors. Notice of meetings shall be given at least twenty-four (24) hours prior to the meeting, either personally, by telephone, by mail, or, on consent of a director, by electronic transmission. 
 Section 9. Purpose of Meetings . Neither the purpose of, nor the business to be transacted at, any regular or special meeting of the Board of Directors need be specified in the notice or waiver of notice of such meeting. 
 Section 10. Quorum Voting Adjournment . A majority of the number of directors constituting the whole Board, in the case of a meeting of the Board of Directors, and a majority of the number of directors serving on a committee, in the case of a meeting of a committee, shall constitute a quorum for the transaction of business. The act of a majority of the directors present at a meeting at which a quorum is present at the time of the act shall be the act of the Board of Directors or committee, unless the act of a greater number is required by applicable law, the Certificate of Formation, or these Bylaws. The Chair of the Board or the directors present at a meeting of the Board of Directors or a committee thereof may adjourn the meeting from time to time, without notice other than announcement at the meeting, whether or not there is a quorum. 
 Section 11. Committees of Directors . The Board of Directors may, by resolution passed by a majority of the whole Board, designate one or more committees, each committee to consist of one or more of the directors of the corporation, which, to the extent provided by a resolution of the Board of Directors, shall have and may exercise all of the authority of the Board of Directors, except where action of the Board is mandatorily required by applicable law. Such committee or committees shall have such name or names as may be determined from time to time by resolution adopted by the Board of Directors. Such committees shall keep regular minutes of their proceedings and report the same to the Board when required. The Board of Directors may remove a member of a committee appointed by the Board if the Board determines the removal is in the best interests of the corporation provided that the removal of a committee member shall be without prejudice to the contract rights, if any, of the person so removed. Appointment of a committee member shall not of itself create contract rights. 
 Section 12. Action Without Meeting . Any action required or permitted to be taken at a meeting of the Board of Directors or any committee of the Board of Directors may be taken without a meeting if all members of the Board of Directors or committee, as the case may be, consent thereto in writing or by electronic transmission, and the writing or evidence of the electronic transmission is placed in the minute book. Such consent shall have the same force and effect as a unanimous vote at a meeting. 
 Section 13. Chair of the Board Vice Chair . The Board of Directors may appoint a director as Chair of the Board, which position shall be a board position only and not an officer 

25 

position unless the Board of Directors also determines that such position shall also be an officer position. If elected, the Chair of the Board, if present, shall preside at all meetings of the Board of Directors and shall have such other powers and duties as are commonly incident to the position of chair of the board or that may be assigned to him or her by the Board of Directors. The Board of Directors may also appoint one or more Vice Chairs of the Board from the directors, who shall perform such duties as may be assigned from time to time by the Board of Directors. 
 ARTICLE IV OFFICERS 
 Section 1. General . The Board of Directors shall elect a President, a Secretary, and such other officers as may be from time to time required by Texas law. The Board of Directors may also elect a Chief Executive Officer, Vice Presidents, Assistant Secretaries, a Treasurer, Assistant Treasurers, and such other officers as the Board of Directors shall deem appropriate, none of whom need to be a member of the Board. Any two or more offices may be held by the same person. 
 Section 2. Other Officers . The Chief Executive Officer may appoint such other officers and agents as he or she may deem necessary for the efficient and successful conduct of the business of the corporation. 
 Section 3. Term of Office Removal Resignation . The officers and agents of the corporation elected or appointed by the Board of Directors shall hold office until their successors have been elected and qualified or until their earlier death, retirement, resignation, or removal for or without cause by the majority vote of the whole Board of Directors provided that the removal of any such officer or agent shall be without prejudice to the contract rights, if any, of the person so removed. Any officer or agent appointed by the Chief Executive Officer may be removed at any time by majority vote of the whole Board of Directors or by the Chief Executive Officer. Election or appointment of an officer or agent shall not of itself create contract rights. Any executive officer may resign at any time only upon written notice to the Chair of the Board, Chief Executive Officer, and Secretary of the corporation. 
 Section 4. Compensation . The salaries of all executive officers of the corporation shall be fixed by, or at the direction of, the Board of Directors or its Compensation Committee. 
 Section 5. Chief Executive Officer . The Chief Executive Officer shall have responsibility for the general management and direction of the business of the corporation and shall have such other powers and duties as are commonly incident to the office of chief executive officer or that may be assigned to him or her by the Board of Directors. He or she shall have authority to execute deeds, conveyances, leases, notes, bonds, and other contracts either with or without the attestation of the Secretary required thereon and either with or without the seal of the corporation. He or she may delegate any of his or her powers and duties to any other officer with such limitations as he or she may deem proper. 
 Section 6. President . The President may execute deeds, conveyances, leases, notes, bonds, and other contracts either or without the attestation of the Secretary required thereon and either with or without the seal of the corporation and shall have such other powers and duties as are commonly incident to the office of president or that are assigned to him or her by the Board 

26 

of Directors. If he or she is not designated as Chief Executive Officer, the President shall have such powers and perform such duties as may be delegated to him or her by the Chief Executive Officer, and shall be vested with all the powers and authorized to perform all the duties of the Chief Executive Officer in his or her absence or inability to act. He or she may delegate any of his or her powers and duties to any other officer with such limitations as he or she may deem proper. 
 
 Section 7. Vice Presidents . The Vice Presidents, in the order of their rank and seniority in office, shall, in the absence or disability of the President, perform the duties and exercise the powers of the President and shall perform such other duties that are assigned to him or her by the Board of Directors, the Chair of the Board, the President, or the Chief Executive Officer. The Board of Directors, the President, or the Chief Executive Officer may add to the title of any Vice President such distinguishing designation(s) as may be deemed desirable to reflect seniority, authorities, or responsibilities of any Vice President. 
 Section 8. The Secretary . The Secretary shall attend all meetings of the Board of Directors and all meetings of the shareholders and record all votes and the minutes of all proceedings in a book to be kept for that purpose and shall perform like duties for the standing committees when required or requested. He or she shall give, or cause to be given, notice of all meetings of the shareholders and special meetings of the Board of Directors, and shall perform such other duties as may be prescribed by the Board of Directors, the Chair of the Board, or the President, under whose supervision he or she shall be he or she shall keep the seal the corporation and shall affix the same to any instrument requiring it and, when so affixed, it shall be attested by his or her signature or by the signature of the Treasurer or an Assistant Secretary or Assistant Treasurer. The Secretary shall have such other powers and duties as are commonly incident to the office of secretary. 
 Section 9. The Assistant Secretaries . The Assistant Secretaries shall, in the absence or disability of the Secretary, perform the duties and exercise the powers of the Secretary and shall perform such other duties that are assigned to them by the Board of Directors, the Chair of the Board, the President, or the Chief Executive Officer. 
 Section 10. The Treasurer . The Treasurer shall have supervision over the corporate funds and securities and shall keep or cause to be kept full and accurate accounts of receipts and disbursements in books belonging to the corporation and shall deposit or cause to be deposited all moneys and other valuable effects in the name and to the credit of the corporation in such depositories as may be designated by the Board of Directors, shall disburse the funds of the corporation as may be ordered by the Board, taking proper vouchers for such disbursements, and shall render to the Chief Executive Officer and directors, at the regular meetings of the Board, or whenever they may require it, an account of all the transactions under his or her supervision as Treasurer and of the financial condition of the corporation. If required by the Board of Directors, the Treasurer and persons acting under his or her supervision shall give the corporation a bond in such sum and with such surety or sureties as shall be satisfactory to the Board for the faithful performance of their duties and for the restoration to the corporation, in case of their death, resignation, retirement, or removal from office, of all books, papers, vouchers, money, and other property of whatever kind in their possession or under their control belonging to the corporation. The Treasurer shall have such other powers and duties as are commonly incident to the office of 

27 

treasurer or that are assigned to him or her by the Board of Directors, the Chair of the Board, the President, or the Chief Executive Officer. 
 
 Section 11. The Assistant Treasurers . The Assistant Treasurers, in the order of their seniority in office, shall, in the absence or disability of the Treasurer, perform the duties and exercise the powers of the Treasurer and shall perform such other duties that are assigned to them by the Board of Directors, the Chair of the Board, the President, or the Chief Executive Officer. 
 ARTICLE V CERTIFICATES REPRESENTING SHARES UNCERTIFICATED STOCK 
 Section 1. Form and Issuance . The shares of the corporation s stock may be certificated or uncertificated, as provided under Texas law. Any certificates representing shares of stock shall be in such form as is approved by resolution of the Board of Directors and as may be required by applicable law and shall be numbered and entered in the stock transfer records of the corporation as they are issued. Each certificate shall state on the front of the certificate that the corporation is organized under the laws of the State of Texas, the holder s name, the number and class of shares, the designation of the series, if any, represented by the certificate, and the par value of each share represented by the certificate or a statement that the shares are without par value. Certificates shall be signed by the Chair of the Board or the Chief Executive Officer and by the Secretary of the corporation, and may contain an impression of the seal of the corporation or a facsimile thereof. The signatures of the Chair of the Board or Chief Executive Officer and of the Secretary upon a certificate may be facsimiles. In case any officer who has signed or whose facsimile signature has been placed upon such certificate shall have ceased to be such officer before such certificate is issued, it may be issued by the corporation with the same effect as if the person were such officer at the date of its issuance. No certificate shall be issued for any share until the consideration therefor, fixed as provided by applicable law, has been fully paid. 
 Section 2. Fractional Shares . The corporation may, but shall not be obligated to, issue fractions of a share, either represented by a certificate or uncertificated, and the Board of Directors may, in lieu thereof, (a) arrange for the disposition thereof by those entitled thereto, (b) pay the fair value in cash, or (c) issue scrip in registered or bearer form which shall entitle the holder to receive a certificate for a full share or an uncertificated full share only upon the surrender of such scrip aggregating a full share. A certificate for a fractional share or an uncertificated fractional share shall, but scrip shall not, unless otherwise provided therein, entitle the holder to exercise voting rights, to receive distributions thereon, or to make a claim with respect to the assets of the corporation in the event of winding up and termination. Scrip, if issued, (a) shall become void if not exchanged for certificates representing full shares or uncertificated full shares within one (1) year after its issue (b) may be subject to the condition that the shares for which it is exchangeable may be sold by the corporation and the proceeds thereof distributed to the holders of such scrip and (c) may be subject to any other conditions which the Board of Directors may deem advisable. 
 Section 3. Lost, Stolen, or Destroyed Certificates . Any person claiming a share certificate to be lost, stolen, or destroyed shall (a) make an affidavit of the fact in such manner as the Board of Directors may require and (b) if so required by the Board of Directors, make proof of loss, theft, or destruction in such manner as it shall require and or give the corporation a bond 

28 

in such sum as it may direct as indemnity against any claim that may be made against the corporation with respect to the certificate alleged to have been lost, stolen, or destroyed. The corporation may direct the issuance of a new certificate or certificates of stock or of uncertificated shares in place of any certificate or certificates previously issued by the corporation alleged to have been lost, stolen, or destroyed. 
 
 Section 4. Transfer of Shares . Upon surrender to the corporation or the transfer agent of the corporation of a certificate for shares duly endorsed or accompanied by proper evidence of succession, assignment, or authority to transfer, and upon payment of all taxes as may be imposed by applicable law, it shall be the duty of the corporation to issue a new certificate or evidence of the issuance of uncertificated shares to the person entitled thereto, cancel the old certificate, and record the transaction upon the corporation s books. 
 Upon the receipt of proper transfer instructions from the registered owner of uncertificated shares, such uncertificated shares shall be cancelled, issuance of new equivalent uncertificated shares or of certificated shares shall be made to the person entitled thereto, and the transaction shall be recorded upon the corporation s books. 
 Section 5. Registered Shareholders . The corporation may consider the person registered as the owner of a share in the stock transfer records of the corporation at a particular time as the owner of the shares for all purposes and, accordingly, shall not be bound to recognize any equitable or other claim to or interest in such share or shares on the part of any other person, whether or not it shall have express or other notice thereof, except as otherwise provided by the laws of Texas. 
 ARTICLE VI NOTICES 
 Section 1. Waiver in Writing . Whenever any notice is required to be given to any shareholder or director under the provisions of applicable law, the Certificate of Formation, or these Bylaws, a waiver thereof in writing signed by the person or persons entitled to said notice, whether before or after the time stated therein, shall be deemed equivalent to the giving of such notice. 
 Section 2. Waiver by Attendance . Attendance of a director or a shareholder, whether in person or by proxy, at any meeting shall constitute a waiver of notice of such meeting, except where such director or shareholder (a) attends a meeting for the express purpose of objecting to the transaction of any business on the ground that the meeting is not lawfully called or convened (b) objects to the holding of the meeting or the transaction of business at the meeting at the beginning of the meeting or promptly upon such director s or shareholder s arrival and (c) does not thereafter vote for or assent to any action taken at the meeting. 
 ARTICLE VII GENERAL PROVISIONS 
 Section 1. Distributions and Reserves . Distributions, including dividends upon the shares of the corporation, subject to the provisions, if any, of the Certificate of Formation, may in 

29 

the exercise of its discretion be declared by the Board of Directors at any regular or special meeting, to the extent permitted by applicable law. Dividends may be paid in cash, in property, or in shares of the corporation provided that all such declarations and distributions shall be in strict compliance with all applicable laws and the Certificate of Formation. Prior to any distribution, there may be set aside out of any funds of the corporation available for distributions such sum or sums as the Board of Directors, from time to time in its absolute discretion, deems proper as a reserve fund to meet contingencies, or for equalizing dividends, or for repairing or maintaining any property of the corporation, or for such other purpose as the Board of Directors shall deem conducive to the interests of the corporation, and the Board of Directors may modify or abolish any such reserve in the manner in which it was created. 
 
 Section 2. Fiscal Year . The fiscal year of the corporation shall be fixed by resolution of the Board of Directors. 
 Section 3. Seal . The corporate seal shall have inscribed therein the name of the corporation and shall be in such form as may be approved by the Board of Directors. Said seal may be used by causing it or a facsimile thereof to be impressed or affixed or otherwise reproduced. 
 Section 4. Amendments to Bylaws . All of the powers of this corporation, insofar as the same may be lawfully vested by these Bylaws in the Board of Directors, are hereby conferred upon the Board of Directors. In furtherance and not in limitation of that power, the Board of Directors may amend or repeal these Bylaws, or adopt new bylaws, unless (a) such power shall be reserved exclusively to the shareholders in whole or part by the Certificate of Formation or the laws of Texas or (b) the shareholders in amending, repealing, or adopting a particular bylaw shall have expressly provided that the Board of Directors may not amend or repeal that bylaw. Unless the Certificate of Formation or a bylaw adopted by the shareholders shall provide otherwise as to all or some portion of the corporation s bylaws, the shareholders may amend, repeal, or adopt (but only by the affirmative vote of the holders of not less than a majority of the then outstanding shares of capital stock of the corporation entitled to vote with respect thereto) the corporation s bylaws even though the bylaws may also be amended, repealed, or adopted by the Board of Directors. 
 Section 5. Preferred Shareholders . The provisions of these Bylaws are subject to the rights of any holders of any class or series of stock having a preference over the Common Stock of the corporation as to dividends or upon liquidation to elect directors under specified circumstances. 
 Section 6. Action With Respect to Securities of Other Corporations . Unless otherwise directed by the Board of Directors, the Chief Executive Officer, the President, and the Secretary shall have power to vote and otherwise act on behalf of the corporation, in person or by proxy, at any meeting of shareholders of, or with respect to any action of shareholders of, any other corporation in which the corporation may hold securities and otherwise to exercise any and all rights and powers which the corporation may possess by reason of its ownership of securities in such other corporation. 
 Section 7. Severability . Whenever possible, each provision or portion of any provision of these Bylaws will be interpreted in such manner as to be effective and valid under applicable law, but if any provision or portion of any provision of these Bylaws is held to be invalid, illegal, or unenforceable in any respect under any applicable law or rule in any jurisdiction, such provision 
 
 30 

or portion of any provision shall be severable and the invalidity, illegality, or unenforceability will not affect any other provision or portion of any provision in such jurisdiction, and these Bylaws will be reformed, construed, and enforced in such jurisdiction as if such invalid, illegal, or unenforceable provision or portion of any provision had never been contained herein. 
 
 ARTICLE VIII INDEMNIFICATION 
 Section 1. Right to Indemnification . Subject to the limitations and conditions as provided in this Article VIII , each person who was or is made a party to, or is threatened to be made a party to, any threatened, pending or completed action, suit or proceeding, whether civil, criminal, administrative, arbitrative, or investigative (hereinafter called a Proceeding ), or any appeal in such a Proceeding or any inquiry or investigation that could lead to such a Proceeding, by reason of the fact that he or she (or a person of whom he or she is the legal representative) is or was a director or officer of the corporation (or while a director or officer of the corporation is or was serving at the request of the corporation as a director, officer, partner, venturer, proprietor, trustee, employee, agent, or similar functionary of another foreign or domestic corporation, partnership, joint venture, proprietorship, trust, employee benefit plan, or other enterprise) shall be indemnified by the corporation to the fullest extent permitted by Texas law, as the same exists or may hereafter be amended (but, in the case of any such amendment, only to the extent that such amendment permits the corporation to provide broader indemnification rights than said law permitted the corporation to provide prior to such amendment) against judgments, penalties (including excise and similar taxes and punitive damages), fines, settlements, and reasonable expenses (including, without limitation, court costs and attorneys fees) actually incurred by such person in connection with such Proceeding, appeal, inquiry or investigation, and indemnification under this Article VIII shall continue as to a person who has ceased to serve in the capacity which initially entitled such person to indemnity hereunder provided, however, that in no case shall the corporation indemnify any such person (or the legal representative of any such person) otherwise than for his or her reasonable expenses, in respect of any Proceeding (a) in which such person shall have been finally adjudged by a court of competent jurisdiction (after exhaustion of all appeals therefrom) to be liable on the basis that personal benefit was improperly received by him or her, whether or not the benefit resulted from an action taken in such person s official capacity or (b) in which such person shall have been found liable to the corporation and provided, further, that the corporation shall not indemnify any such person for his or her reasonable expenses actually incurred in connection with any Proceeding in which he or she shall have been found liable for willful or intentional misconduct in the performance of his or her duty to the corporation. The rights granted pursuant to this Article VIII shall be deemed contract rights, and no amendment, modification, or repeal of this Article VIII shall have the effect of limiting or denying any such rights with respect to actions taken or Proceedings arising prior to any such amendment, modification, or repeal. It is expressly acknowledged that the indemnification provided in this Article VIII could involve indemnification for negligence or under theories of strict liability. 
 Section 2. Advance Payment . The right to indemnification conferred in this Article VIII shall include the right to be paid or reimbursed by the corporation the reasonable expenses incurred by a person of the type entitled to be indemnified under Section 1 of Article VIII who was or is threatened to be made a named defendant or respondent in a Proceeding, in advance 

31 

of the final disposition of the Proceeding and without any determination as to the person s ultimate entitlement to indemnification provided, however, that the payment of such expenses incurred by any such person in advance of the final disposition of a Proceeding shall be made only upon delivery to the corporation of a (a) written affirmation by such person of his or her good faith belief that he or she has met the standard of conduct necessary for indemnification under this Article VIII and (b) a written undertaking, by or on behalf of such person, to repay all amounts so advanced if it shall be ultimately determined that such person is not entitled to be indemnified under this Article VIII or otherwise. 
 
 Section 3. Indemnification of Employees and Agents . The corporation, by general or specific action of the Board of Directors, may indemnify and advance expenses to an Employee or agent of the corporation to the same extent and subject to the same conditions under which it may indemnify and advance expenses to directors and officers under this Article VIII and the corporation may so indemnify and advance expenses to persons who are not or were not directors, officers, Employees, or agents of the corporation but who are or were serving at the request of the corporation as a director, officer, partner, venturer, proprietor, trustee, employee, agent, or similar functionary of another foreign or domestic corporation, partnership, joint venture, proprietorship, trust, employee benefit plan, or other enterprise against any liability asserted against him or her and incurred by him or her in such a capacity or arising out of his or her status as such a person to the same extent that it may indemnify and advance expenses to directors and officers under this Article VIII . 
 Section 4. Appearance as a Witness . Notwithstanding any other provision of this Article VIII , the corporation may pay or reimburse expenses incurred by a director or officer in connection with his or her appearance as a witness or his or her other participation in a Proceeding at a time when he or she is not a named defendant or respondent in the Proceeding. 
 Section 5. Nonexclusivity of Rights . The right to indemnification and the advancement and payment of expenses conferred in this Article VIII shall not be exclusive of any other right which a director or officer or other person indemnified pursuant to Section 3 of Article VIII may have or hereafter acquire under any applicable law (common or statutory), provision of the Certificate of Formation or these Bylaws, agreement, contract, vote of shareholders or disinterested directors, pursuant to the direction of any court of competent jurisdiction, or otherwise. 
 Section 6. Insurance . The corporation may purchase and maintain insurance, at its expense, to protect itself and any person who is or was serving as a director, officer, Employee, or agent of the corporation or is or was serving at the request of the corporation as a director, officer, partner, venturer, proprietor, trustee, employee, agent, or similar functionary of another foreign or domestic corporation, partnership, joint venture, proprietorship, employee benefit plan, trust, or other enterprise against any expense, liability, or loss, whether or not the corporation would have the power to indemnify such person against such expense, liability, or loss under this Article VIII . 
 Section 7. Shareholder Notification . To the extent required by applicable law, any indemnification of or advance of expenses to a director or officer in accordance with this Article VIII shall be reported in writing to the shareholders with or before the notice of the next shareholders meeting or with or before the next submission to shareholders of a consent to action 

32 

without a meeting and, in any case, within the 12-month period immediately following the date of the indemnification or advance. 
 
 Section 8. Savings Clause . If this Article VIII or any portion hereof shall be invalidated on any ground by any court of competent jurisdiction, then the corporation shall nevertheless indemnify and advance expenses to each director, officer, and other person indemnified pursuant to this Article VIII to the extent permitted by any applicable portion of this Article VIII that shall not have been invalidated. 
 ARTICLE IX FORUM FOR ADJUDICATION OF DISPUTES 
 Section 1. Exclusive Forum . Unless the corporation consents in writing to the selection of an alternative forum, the United States District Court for the Northern District of Texas or, if such court lacks jurisdiction, the state district court of Dallas County, Texas, shall, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, be the sole and exclusive forum for (a) any derivative action or proceeding brought on behalf of the corporation (b) any action asserting a claim of breach of a fiduciary duty owed by any director, officer or other employee of the corporation to the corporation or the corporation s shareholders (c) any action asserting a claim against the corporation or any director, officer, or other employee of the corporation pursuant to any provision of the Certificate of Formation or the Bylaws (as either may be amended from time to time) or the Texas Business Organizations Code and (d) any action asserting a claim against the corporation or any director, officer, or other employee of the corporation governed by the internal affairs doctrine. Any person or entity purchasing or otherwise acquiring or holding any interest in shares of capital stock of the corporation shall be deemed to have notice of and consented to (i) the provisions of this Article IX and (ii) jurisdiction and venue in the United States District Court for the Northern District of Texas and the state district court of Dallas County, Texas . Unless the corporation consents in writing to the selection of an alternative forum, the federal district courts of the United States of America shall be the sole and exclusive forum for the resolution of any complaint asserting a cause of action under the Securities Act of 1933. If any action within the scope of this Section 1 is filed by or in the name of any party subject to this Section 1 (a Violating Party in violation of this Section 1 (a Violating Action ), the Violating Party shall be deemed to have consented to (A) the personal jurisdiction of Texas state and federal courts in connection with any action brought in any such court to enforce this Section 1 and (B) having service of process made upon the Violating Party in any such action by service upon the Violating Party s counsel in the Violating Action as agent for such shareholder. 
 ARTICLE X DEFINITIONS 
 Section 1. Definitions . As used in these Bylaws, the following terms shall have the following meanings 
 Affiliates has the meaning set forth in Article II , Section 3(e) . 

33 

Associates has the meaning set forth in Article II , Section 10(c) . 
 Derivative Instrument has the meaning set forth in Article II , Section 10(c) . 
 Eligible Shareholder has the meaning set forth in Article II , Section 13 (c)(i) . 
 Exchange Act has the meaning set forth in Article II , Section 3(e) . 
 Maximum Number has the meaning set forth in Article II , Section 13(b)(i) . 
 Minimum Number has the meaning set forth in Article II , Section 13(c)(iii) . 
 Nominating Shareholder has the meaning set forth in Article II , Section 13(a) . 
 Nomination Notice has the meaning set forth in Article II , Section 13(d) . 
 Other Meeting Date has the meaning set forth in Article II , Section 13(d) . 
 Own and any variations thereof have the meaning set forth in Article II , Section 3(e) . 
 Proceeding has the meaning set forth in Article VIII , Section 1 . 
 Public Announcement has the meaning set forth in Article II , Section 14(d) . 
 Regulation S-K has the meaning set forth in Article II , Section 11(d) . 
 Requisite Percentage has the meaning set forth in Article II , Section 3(a) . 
 SEC has the meaning set forth in Article II , Section 10(d) . 
 Shareholder Nominee has the meaning set forth in Article II , Section 13(a) . 
 Shareholder Requested Meeting has the meaning set forth in Article II , Section 3(a) . 
 Special Meeting Request has the meaning set forth in Article II , Section 3(b) . 
 Stock Exchange Rules has the meaning set forth in Article II , Section 8(a) . 
 Supporting Statement has the meaning set forth in Article II , Section 13(a) . 
 Violating Action has the meaning set forth in Article IX , Section 1. 
 Violating Party has the meaning set forth in Article IX , Section 1. 
 Voting Commitment has the meaning set forth in Article II , Section 12 . 
 34 

</EX-3.2>

<EX-10.18(A)>
 3
 exhibit1018asa-19topax3729.htm
 EX-10.18(A) BOEING SUPPLEMENTAL AGREEMENT NO. 19

Document 

SUPPLEMENTAL AGREEMENT NO. 19 to PURCHASE AGREEMENT NO. 03729 between THE BOEING COMPANY and SOUTHWEST AIRLINES CO. Relating to Boeing Model 737-8 and 737-7 Aircraft 
 
 THIS SUPPLEMENTAL AGREEMENT NO. 19 SA-19 ), entered into as of October 25, 2022, is made between THE BOEING COMPANY, a Delaware corporation Boeing ), and SOUTHWEST AIRLINES CO., a Texas corporation Customer ). 
 
 RECITALS 

WHEREAS, Customer and Boeing entered into Purchase Agreement Number PA-03729 dated December 13, 2011 (as amended and supplemented, Purchase Agreement relating to the purchase and sale of Boeing model 737-8 737-8 Aircraft and model 737-7 aircraft 737-7 Aircraft (737-8 Aircraft and 737-7 Aircraft collectively, the Aircraft ). This SA-19 is an amendment to and is incorporated into the Purchase Agreement. Capitalized terms used herein but not otherwise defined will have the meaning set forth in the Purchase Agreement 
 WHEREAS, Customer has previously notified Boeing of the exercise of five (5) Original Option as Remarket Aircraft, four (4) Original Option Aircraft and three (3) 2020 Option Aircraft as follows 
 (i) three (3) Original Option Aircraft as Remarket Aircraft scheduled for delivery in October 2022 
 (ii) two (2) Original Option Aircraft and model substitutions scheduled for delivery in November 2023 
 (iii) two (2) Original Option Aircraft as Remarket Aircraft scheduled for delivery in November 2022 
 (iv) two (2) Original Option Aircraft and model substitutions scheduled for delivery in December 2023 
 (v) three (3) 2020 Option Aircraft and model substitutions scheduled for delivery in January 2024 
 Certain identified information has been excluded from the exhibit because it is both not material and is of the type that the registrant treats as private or confidential. 
 SWA-PA-03729 1 
 SA-19 BOEING PROPRIETARY 

WHEREAS, Customer and Boeing agree to the model substitution from model 737-7 to model 737-8 of seventeen (17) Aircraft as follows three (3) in June 2023, five (5) in July 2023, two (2) in August 2023, four (4) in September 2023, and three (3) in October 2023 
 
 WHEREAS, Customer has requested and Boeing agrees to the acceleration of fifteen (15) firm 737-7 Aircraft from 2030 (one (1) January, one (1) February, two (2) March, one (1) April, two (2) May, one (1) June, one (1) July, one (1) August, one (1) September, two (2) October, one (1) November, and one (1) December) into corresponding delivery positions and quantities in 2026 
 
 WHEREAS, Customer has requested and Boeing agrees to the acceleration of ten (10) firm 737-8 Aircraft from 2031 (one (1) per month January through October) into corresponding delivery positions and quantities in 2030 and 
 
 WHEREAS, Boeing and Customer wish to enter into this SA-19 to reflect the terms as agreed between the parties. 
 
 NOW, THEREFORE, the parties agree that the Purchase Agreement is amended as set forth below and otherwise agree as follows 
 
 1. TABLE OF CONTENTS . 
 
 The Table of Contents of the Purchase Agreement is hereby deleted in its entirety and replaced by a new Table of Contents (attached), which lists the Tables, Exhibits, and Letter Agreements revised or added by this SA-19 and is identified by SA-19 . Such revised Table of Contents is incorporated into the Purchase Agreement by this reference. 
 
 2. TABLES . 
 
 Table 1A, Aircraft Delivery, Description, Price and Advance Payments 737-8 Aircraft , is hereby deleted in its entirety and replaced by a new Table 1A (identified by SA-19 attached hereto and incorporated into the Purchase Agreement by this reference. 
 
 Table 1B, Aircraft Delivery, Description, Price and Advance Payments 737-7 Aircraft , is hereby deleted in its entirety and replaced by a new Table 1B (identified by SA-19 attached hereto and incorporated into the Purchase Agreement by this reference. 
 SWA-PA-03729 2 
 SA-19 BOEING PROPRIETARY 

3. LETTER AGREEMENTS . 
 
 3.1. Letter Agreement No. SWA-PA-03729-LA-2202855 entitled 2023 MAX Production Plan , is hereby deleted in its entirety and replaced by Letter Agreement No. SWA-PA-03729-LA-2202855 R1 entitled 2023 MAX Production Plan . 
 
 3.2. Attachments 1-A and 1-B to Letter Agreement SWA-PA-03729-LA-1106474R7, entitled Option Aircraft , are hereby deleted in their entirety and replaced by Attachments 1-A and 1-B Letter Agreement SWA-PA-03729-LA-1106474R7, as attached to this SA-19. 
 
 4. SA-19 IMPACT. 
 
 4.1. Due to Customer s prior exercise of (i) three (3) Original Option Aircraft as Remarket Aircraft scheduled for delivery in October 2022, (ii) two (2) Original Option Aircraft scheduled for delivery in November 2023, (iii) two (2) Original Option Aircraft as Remarket Aircraft scheduled for delivery in November 2022, (iv) two (2) Original Option Aircraft scheduled for delivery in December 2023, and (v) three (3) 2020 Option Aircraft scheduled for delivery in January 2024 Customer according to the terms of the Purchase Agreement. Customer agrees to in accordance with the terms of the Purchase Agreement. For clarity, as of the execution of this SA-19. 
 
 4.2. Due to the substitution of seventeen (17) model 737-7 Aircraft to model 737-8 Aircraft as follows three (3) in June 2023, five (5) in July 2023, two (2) in August 2023, four (4) in September 2023, and three (3) in October 2023 as described in this SA-19, Customer and Boeing have agreed . Customer agrees in accordance with the terms of the Purchase Agreement. 
 
 5. Miscellaneous. 
 5.1. The Purchase Agreement is amended as set forth above, and all other terms and conditions of the Purchase Agreement remain unchanged and are in full force and effect. Any Tables of Contents, Letter Agreements or other documents that are listed in the sections above are incorporated into this SA-19 by reference. 
 SWA-PA-03729 3 
 SA-19 BOEING PROPRIETARY 

EXECUTED IN DUPLICATE as of the day and year first above written. 
 
 THE BOEING COMPANY SOUTHWEST AIRLINES CO. By s Herbert C. Portillo 
 By s Chris Monroe 
 Name Herbert C. Portillo 
 Name Chris Monroe 
 Its Attorney-In-Fact 
 Its SVP Finance and Treasurer 

SWA-PA-03729 4 
 SA-19 BOEING PROPRIETARY 

TABLE OF CONTENTS ARTICLES TITLES Article 1 Quantity, Model and Description SA-2 Article 2 Delivery Schedule Article 3 Price Article 4 Payment SA-2 Article 5 Additional Terms TABLE TITLE 1A 737-8 Aircraft Information Table SA-19 1B 737-7 Aircraft Information Table SA-19 EXHIBIT A1 737-8 Aircraft Configuration SA-11 A2 737-7 Aircraft Configuration SA-8 A-3 737-8 Remarket Aircraft Configuration SA-17 B Aircraft Delivery Requirements and Responsibilities B-1 Remarket Aircraft Technical SA-17 Acceptance and Delivery Requirements and Responsibilities SUPPLEMENTAL EXHIBITS TITLES AE1 Escalation Adjustment Airframe and Optional Features BFE1 BFE Variables for 737-8 SA-7 BFE2 BFE Variables for 737-7 SA-8 CS1 Customer Support Variables CS1-7MAX Customer Support Variables SA-2 EE1 Engine Escalation Engine Warranty and Patent Indemnity 
 SWA-PA-03729 SA-19 BOEING PROPRIETARY Page 1 

SLP1 Service Life Policy Components 
 
 LETTER AGREEMENTS TITLES SWA-PA-03729-LA-1106463R3 Open Matters SA-8 SWA-PA-03729-LA-1106464 SWA-PA-03729-LA-1106465 SWA-PA-03729-LA-1106466 SWA-PA-03729-LA-1106467R2 SA-8 SWA-PA-03729-LA-1106468 SWA-PA-03729-LA-1106469R1 SA-2 SWA-PA-03729-LA-1106470R1 SA-2 SWA-PA-03729-LA-1106471R2 Substitute Aircraft SA-12 SWA-PA-03729-LA-1106473R2 SA-12 SWA-PA-03729-LA-1106474R7 Option Aircraft SA-16 Attachment 1-A Original Option Aircraft SA-19 Attachment 1-B 2020 Option Aircraft SA-19 Attachment 1-C 2021 Option Aircraft SA-16 SWA-PA-03729-LA-1106475R5 SA-14 SWA-PA-03729-LA-1106476R2 SA-8 SWA-PA-03729-LA-1106477 SWA-PA-03729-LA-1106478 SWA-PA-03729-LA-1106479R1 SA-2 SWA-PA-03729-LA-1106480R1 SA-2 SWA-PA-03729-LA-1106481R2 SA-2 SWA-PA-03729-LA-1106482 
 SWA-PA-03729 SA-19 BOEING PROPRIETARY Page 2 

LETTER AGREEMENTS TITLES SWA-PA-03729-LA-1106483 SWA-PA-03729-LA-1106484R3 SA-16 SWA-PA-03729-LA-1106485 SWA-PA-03729-LA-1209080 SA-1 SWA-PA-03729-LA-1210419 SA-1 SWA-PA-03729-LA-1300943 SA-2 SWA-PA-03729-LA-1301168R3 SA-6 SWA-PA-03729-LA-1301170R3 SA-12 SWA-PA-03729-LA-1400371 SA-7 SWA-PA-03729-LA-1503792 Service Ready Operational Validation SA-6 SWA-PA-03729-LA-1500831 SA-7 SWA-PA-03729-LA-1602486R1 SA-12 SWA-PA-03729-LA-2100594R1 737-8 Remarket Production Aircraft SA-17 SWA-PA-03729-LA-2100700R1 737-8 Configuration Matters 
 Remarket Production Aircraft 
 SA-17 SWA-PA-03729-LA-2100811 SA-12 SWA-PA-03729-LA-2100812R1 SA-16 SWA-PA-03729-LA-2100813 SA-12 SWA-PA-03729-LA-2100814R1 SA-15 SWA-PA-03729-LA-2100819 SA-12 SWA-PA-03729-LA-2100825R1 SA-16 SWA-PA-03729-LA-2100841 SA-12 SWA-PA-03729-LA-2100984 SA-12 

SWA-PA-03729 SA-19 BOEING PROPRIETARY Page 3 

LETTER AGREEMENTS TITLES SWA-PA-03729-LA-2103755 2022 2023 Production Plan SA-16 SWA-PA-03729-LA-2202855R1 2023 MAX Production Plan SA-19 
 Denotes revision to Page 1 or Page 2 only to reference 737-7 (SA-2) 

INACTIVE DELETED TABLES, EXHIBITS, AND LETTER AGREEMENTS 
 
 RESTRICTED LETTER AGREEMENTS 
 
 Letter Agreement Title Last Updated under SA Current Status SWA-PA-03729-LA-1106472R1 SA-2 Deleted under SA-4 SWA-PA-01810 03729-LA-1301169 SA-2 Deleted under SA-4 
 
 SWA-PA-03729 SA-19 BOEING PROPRIETARY Page 4 

Table 1A To 
 Purchase Agreement No. PA-03729 
 Aircraft Delivery, Description, Price and Advance Payments 
 737-8 Aircraft 

Airframe Model MTOW 737-8 
 Engine Model Thrust CFMLEAP-1B28 (2) 
 181,200 pounds 
 
 28,800 pounds 
 Detail Specification 
 
 Airframe Price Base Year Escalation Formula 
 D019A008-P (5 1 2017) 
 
 Jul-11 

Non-Standard 
 Airframe Price 
 Engine Price Base Year Escalation Formula 
 N A N A Optional Features 
 
 Sub-Total of Airframe and Features 
 Airframe Escalation Data 
 Engine Price (Per Aircraft) 
 Base Year Index (ECI) 
 
 Aircraft Basic Price (Excluding BFE SPE) 
 
 Base Year Index (CPI) 
 
 Buyer Furnished Equipment (BFE) Estimate 
 Seller Purchased Equipment (SPE) Estimate 

Delivery 
 
 Date 
 Original Delivery Date 

Number of 
 
 Aircraft 
 Escalation Factor (Airframe) 
 Manufacturer Serial Number 

Escalation 
 
 Factor 

Aircraft 
 
 Block 

Notes 
 Escalation Estimate Adv Payment Base Price Per A P 
 Advance Payment Per Aircraft (Amts. Due Mos. Prior to Delivery) 
 
 At Signing 

24 Mos. 

21 18 12 9 6 Mos. 

Total 

Jul-2017 
 
 Jul-2017 
 
 1 

36929 
 
 A 
 
 Note 1 
 
 Jul-2017 
 
 Jul-2017 
 
 2 
 
 42558 , 42559 
 
 C 
 
 Note 1 
 
 Aug-2017 
 
 Aug-2017 
 
 3 
 
 36979, 36930, 36984 
 
 A 
 
 Note 1 
 
 Aug-2017 
 
 Aug-2017 
 
 1 
 
 42567 
 
 C 
 
 Note 1 
 
 Aug-2017 
 
 Aug-2017 
 
 2 
 
 42563, 42566 
 
 C 
 
 Note 1 
 
 Sep-2017 
 
 Sep-2017 
 
 1 
 
 36934 
 
 A 
 
 Note 1 
 
 Oct-2017 
 
 Oct-2017 
 
 1 
 
 42544 
 
 A 
 
 Oct-2017 
 
 Oct-2017 
 
 1 
 
 42570 
 
 C 
 
 Nov-2017 
 
 Nov-2017 
 
 1 
 
 36988 
 
 A 
 
 Dec-2017 
 
 Dec-2017 
 
 1 
 
 42554 
 
 C 
 
 Mar-2018 
 
 Mar-2018 
 
 1 
 
 36989 
 
 A 
 
 Mar-2018 
 
 Mar-2018 
 
 1 
 
 42571 
 
 C 
 
 Apr-2018 
 
 Apr-2018 
 
 1 
 
 42546 
 
 A 
 
 Jun-2018 
 
 Jun-2018 
 
 1 
 
 42572 
 
 C 
 
 Jun-2018 
 
 Jun-2018 
 
 1 
 
 42547 
 
 A 
 
 Aug-2018 
 
 Aug-2018 
 
 3 
 
 42548, 37019, 42549 
 
 A 
 
 Aug-2018 
 
 Aug-2018 
 
 1 
 
 42574 
 
 SA-19 SWA-PA-03729 107813 108198 108732 Boeing Proprietary Page 1 

Table 1A To 
 Purchase Agreement No. PA-03729 
 Aircraft Delivery, Description, Price and Advance Payments 
 737-8 Aircraft 

Delivery 
 
 Date 
 Original Delivery Date 

Number of 
 
 Aircraft 
 Escalation Factor (Airframe) 
 Manufacturer Serial Number 

Escalation 
 
 Factor 

Aircraft 
 
 Block 

Notes 
 Escalation Estimate Adv Payment Base Price Per A P 
 Advance Payment Per Aircraft (Amts. Due Mos. Prior to Delivery) 
 
 At Signing 

24 Mos. 

21 18 12 9 6 Mos. 

Total 

Aug-2018 
 
 Aug-2018 
 
 1 
 
 42575 
 
 Sep-2018 
 
 Sep-2018 
 
 2 
 
 42573, 42576 
 
 Dec-2018 
 
 Dec-2018 
 
 1 
 
 42577 
 
 Dec-2018 
 
 Dec-2018 
 
 4 
 
 7042, 42550, 42551, 3704 
 
 A 
 
 Feb-2021 
 
 Jul-2019 
 
 1 
 
 42633 
 
 Feb-2021 
 
 Jul-2019 
 
 2 
 
 65437, 65436 
 
 E OPEX 
 
 Feb-2021 
 
 Aug-2019 
 
 1 
 
 42634 
 
 Feb-2021 
 
 Dec-2019 
 
 1 
 
 36722 
 
 B 
 
 Feb-2021 
 
 Dec-2019 
 
 1 
 
 42537 
 
 A 
 
 Mar-2021 
 
 Aug-2019 
 
 1 
 
 42641 
 
 Mar-2021 
 
 Sep-2019 
 
 1 
 
 65471 
 
 E OPEX 
 
 Apr-2021 
 
 Nov-2019 
 
 1 
 
 42536 
 
 A 
 
 Mar-2021 
 
 Aug-2019 
 
 1 
 
 42637 
 
 Mar-2021 
 
 Sep-2019 
 
 1 
 
 65438 
 
 E OPEX 
 
 Apr-2021 
 
 Oct-2019 
 
 2 
 
 42646, 42662 
 
 Mar-2021 
 
 Oct-2019 
 
 2 
 
 42647, 42661 
 
 Mar-2021 
 
 Oct-2019 
 
 1 
 
 65439 
 
 OPEX 
 
 Mar-2021 
 
 Oct-2019 
 
 1 
 
 65440 
 
 OPEX 
 
 Apr-2021 
 
 Nov-2019 
 
 1 
 
 42664 
 
 Apr-2021 
 
 Nov-2019 
 
 1 
 
 65473 
 
 D OPEX 
 
 Mar-2022 
 
 1 
 
 67206 
 
 Note 6 
 
 Mar-2022 
 
 1 
 
 67205 
 
 Note 6 
 
 Mar-2022 
 
 1 
 
 67207 
 
 Note 6 
 
 Mar-2022 
 
 1 
 
 67208 
 
 Note 6 
 
 Mar-2022 
 
 1 
 
 67209 
 
 Note 6 
 
 Apr-2022 
 
 1 
 
 67216 
 
 Note 6 
 
 Apr-2022 
 
 1 
 
 67214 
 
 Note 6 
 
 Apr-2022 
 
 1 
 
 67213 
 
 Note 6 

SA-19 SWA-PA-03729 107813 108198 108732 Boeing Proprietary Page 2 

Table 1A To 
 Purchase Agreement No. PA-03729 
 Aircraft Delivery, Description, Price and Advance Payments 
 737-8 Aircraft 

Delivery 
 
 Date 
 Original Delivery Date 

Number of 
 
 Aircraft 
 Escalation Factor (Airframe) 
 Manufacturer Serial Number 

Escalation 
 
 Factor 

Aircraft 
 
 Block 

Notes 
 Escalation Estimate Adv Payment Base Price Per A P 
 Advance Payment Per Aircraft (Amts. Due Mos. Prior to Delivery) 
 
 At Signing 

24 Mos. 

21 18 12 9 6 Mos. 

Total 

Apr-2022 
 
 1 
 
 67212 
 
 Note 6 
 
 Apr-2022 
 
 1 
 
 67211 
 
 Note 6 
 
 Apr-2022 
 
 1 
 
 67210 
 
 Note 6 
 
 Apr-2022 
 
 1 
 
 67215 
 
 Note 6 
 
 May-2022 
 
 1 
 
 Note 6 
 
 May-2022 
 
 1 
 
 67217 
 
 Note 6 
 
 May-2022 
 
 1 
 
 67218 
 
 Note 6 
 
 Jun-2022 
 
 1 
 
 60226 
 
 Note 6 
 
 Jun-2022 
 
 1 
 
 60225 
 
 Note 6 
 
 Jun-2022 
 
 1 
 
 67520 
 
 Note 6 
 
 Jun-2022 
 
 1 
 
 67521 
 
 Note 6 
 
 Jun-2022 
 
 1 
 
 67514 
 
 Note 6 
 
 Jun-2022 
 
 1 
 
 67512 
 
 Note 6 
 
 Jun-2022 
 
 1 
 
 67518 
 
 Note 6 
 
 Jun-2022 
 
 1 
 
 67519 
 
 Note 6 
 
 Jun-2022 
 
 1 
 
 67517 
 
 Note 6 
 
 Jun-2022 
 
 1 
 
 67516 
 
 Note 6 
 
 Jun-2022 
 
 1 
 
 67513 
 
 Note 6 
 
 Jun-2022 
 
 1 
 
 67515 
 
 Note 6 
 
 Jun-2022 
 
 1 
 
 60649 
 
 Note 6 
 
 Jul-2022 
 
 1 
 
 60650 
 
 Note 6 
 
 Jul-2022 
 
 1 
 
 60652 
 
 Note 6 
 
 Jul-2022 
 
 1 
 
 60653 
 
 Note 6 
 
 Jul-2022 
 
 1 
 
 67753 
 
 Note 8 
 
 Jul-2022 
 
 1 
 
 67754 
 
 Note 8 
 
 Jul-2022 
 
 1 
 
 67755 
 
 Note 8 
 
 Jul-2022 
 
 1 
 
 67756 
 
 Note 8 
 
 Jul-2022 
 
 1 
 
 67757 
 
 Note 8 

SA-19 SWA-PA-03729 107813 108198 108732 Boeing Proprietary Page 3 

Table 1A To 
 Purchase Agreement No. PA-03729 
 Aircraft Delivery, Description, Price and Advance Payments 
 737-8 Aircraft 

Delivery 
 
 Date 
 Original Delivery Date 

Number of 
 
 Aircraft 
 Escalation Factor (Airframe) 
 Manufacturer Serial Number 

Escalation 
 
 Factor 

Aircraft 
 
 Block 

Notes 
 Escalation Estimate Adv Payment Base Price Per A P 
 Advance Payment Per Aircraft (Amts. Due Mos. Prior to Delivery) 
 
 At Signing 

24 Mos. 

21 18 12 9 6 Mos. 

Total 

Jul-2022 
 
 1 
 
 67758 
 
 Note 8 
 
 Jul-2022 
 
 1 
 
 67759 
 
 Note 8 
 
 Jul-2022 
 
 1 
 
 67762 
 
 Note 8 
 
 Jul-2022 
 
 1 
 
 67760 
 
 Note 8 
 
 Jul-2022 
 
 1 
 
 67761 
 
 Note 8 
 
 Aug-2022 
 
 1 
 
 60187 
 
 Note 6 
 
 Aug-2022 
 
 1 
 
 60188 
 
 Note 6 
 
 Aug-2022 
 
 1 
 
 60186 
 
 Note 6 
 
 Aug-2022 
 
 1 
 
 67775 
 
 Note 6 
 
 Aug-2022 
 
 1 
 
 67774 
 
 Note 6 
 
 Aug-2022 
 
 1 
 
 67773 
 
 Note 6 
 
 Aug-2022 
 
 1 
 
 67782 
 
 Note 8 
 
 Aug-2022 
 
 1 
 
 67781 
 
 Note 8 
 
 Aug-2022 
 
 1 
 
 67780 
 
 Note 8 
 
 Aug-2022 
 
 1 
 
 67779 
 
 Note 8 
 
 Aug-2022 
 
 1 
 
 67778 
 
 Note 8 
 
 Aug-2022 
 
 1 
 
 67777 
 
 Note 8 
 
 Aug-2022 
 
 1 
 
 67776 
 
 Note 8 
 
 Sep-2022 
 
 1 
 
 60219 
 
 Note 6 
 
 Sep-2022 
 
 1 
 
 67480 
 
 Note 5 
 
 Sep-2022 
 
 1 
 
 67479 
 
 Note 5 
 
 Sep-2022 
 
 1 
 
 67477 
 
 Note 5 
 
 Sep-2022 
 
 1 
 
 67476 
 
 Note 5 
 
 Sep-2022 
 
 1 
 
 67473 
 
 Note 5 
 
 Sep-2022 
 
 1 
 
 67472 
 
 Note 5 
 
 Sep-2022 
 
 1 
 
 67478 
 
 Note 5 
 
 Sep-2022 
 
 1 
 
 67475 
 
 Note 5 
 
 Sep-2022 
 
 1 
 
 42598 
 
 Note 5 
 
 SA-19 SWA-PA-03729 107813 108198 108732 Boeing Proprietary Page 4 

Table 1A To 
 Purchase Agreement No. PA-03729 
 Aircraft Delivery, Description, Price and Advance Payments 
 737-8 Aircraft 

Delivery 
 
 Date 
 Original Delivery Date 

Number of 
 
 Aircraft 
 Escalation Factor (Airframe) 
 Manufacturer Serial Number 

Escalation 
 
 Factor 

Aircraft 
 
 Block 

Notes 
 Escalation Estimate Adv Payment Base Price Per A P 
 Advance Payment Per Aircraft (Amts. Due Mos. Prior to Delivery) 
 
 At Signing 

24 Mos. 

21 18 12 9 6 Mos. 

Total 

Sep-2022 
 
 1 
 
 67474 
 
 Note 5 
 
 Oct-2022 
 
 1 
 
 67485 
 
 Note 5 
 
 Oct-2022 
 
 1 
 
 67484 
 
 Note 5 
 
 Oct-2022 
 
 1 
 
 67482 
 
 Note 5 
 
 Oct-2022 
 
 1 
 
 67481 
 
 Note 5 
 
 Oct-2022 
 
 1 
 
 67752 
 
 Note 5 
 
 Oct-2022 
 
 1 
 
 67487 
 
 Note 5 
 
 Oct-2022 
 
 1 
 
 67486 
 
 Note 5 
 
 Oct-2022 
 
 1 
 
 67751 
 
 Note 5 
 
 Oct-2022 
 
 1 
 
 67750 
 
 Note 5 
 
 Oct-2022 
 
 1 
 
 67483 
 
 Note 5 
 
 Oct-2022 
 
 1 
 
 67483 
 
 Note 6 
 
 Oct-2022 
 
 1 
 
 67484 
 
 Note 6 
 
 Oct-2022 
 
 1 
 
 67485 
 
 Note 6 
 
 Nov-2022 
 
 1 
 
 67493 
 
 Note 5 
 
 Nov-2022 
 
 1 
 
 67492 
 
 Note 5 
 
 Nov-2022 
 
 1 
 
 67490 
 
 Note 5 
 
 Nov-2022 
 
 1 
 
 67489 
 
 Note 5 
 
 Nov-2022 
 
 1 
 
 67491 
 
 Note 5 
 
 Nov-2022 
 
 1 
 
 67488 
 
 Note 5 
 
 Nov-2022 
 
 1 
 
 67794 
 
 Note 5 
 
 Nov-2022 
 
 1 
 
 67793 
 
 Note 5 
 
 Nov-2022 
 
 1 
 
 67795 
 
 Note 5 
 
 Nov-2022 
 
 1 
 
 42600 
 
 Note 5 
 
 Nov-2022 
 
 1 
 
 67786 
 
 Note 6 
 
 Nov-2022 
 
 1 
 
 67787 
 
 Note 6 
 
 Dec-2022 
 
 1 
 
 67826 
 
 Note 5 
 
 Dec-2022 
 
 1 
 
 67825 
 
 Note 5 

SA-19 SWA-PA-03729 107813 108198 108732 Boeing Proprietary Page 5 

Table 1A To 
 Purchase Agreement No. PA-03729 
 Aircraft Delivery, Description, Price and Advance Payments 
 737-8 Aircraft 

Delivery 
 
 Date 
 Original Delivery Date 

Number of 
 
 Aircraft 
 Escalation Factor (Airframe) 
 Manufacturer Serial Number 

Escalation 
 
 Factor 

Aircraft 
 
 Block 

Notes 
 Escalation Estimate Adv Payment Base Price Per A P 
 Advance Payment Per Aircraft (Amts. Due Mos. Prior to Delivery) 
 
 At Signing 

24 Mos. 

21 18 12 9 6 Mos. 

Total 

Dec-2022 
 
 1 
 
 42591 
 
 Note 5 
 
 Dec-2022 
 
 1 
 
 67498 
 
 Note 5 
 
 Dec-2022 
 
 1 
 
 67497 
 
 Note 5 
 
 Dec-2022 
 
 1 
 
 67496 
 
 Note 5 
 
 Dec-2022 
 
 1 
 
 67495 
 
 Note 5 
 
 Dec-2022 
 
 1 
 
 67494 
 
 Note 5 
 
 Dec-2022 
 
 1 
 
 67471 
 
 Note 5 
 
 Dec-2022 
 
 1 
 
 67470 
 
 Note 5 
 
 Jan-2023 
 
 Jul-2021 
 
 1 
 
 42657 
 
 Note 7 
 
 Jan-2023 
 
 Jul-2021 
 
 1 
 
 42671 
 
 Note 7 
 
 Jan-2023 
 
 1 
 
 67865 
 
 Note 7 
 
 Jan-2023 
 
 1 
 
 67864 
 
 Note 7 
 
 Jan-2023 
 
 1 
 
 67863 
 
 Note 7 
 
 Jan-2023 
 
 1 
 
 67862 
 
 Note 7 
 
 Jan-2023 
 
 1 
 
 67861 
 
 Note 7 
 
 Jan-2023 
 
 1 
 
 67860 
 
 Note 7 
 
 Jan-2023 
 
 1 
 
 67859 
 
 Note 7 
 
 Jan-2023 
 
 1 
 
 67858 
 
 Note 7 
 
 Feb-2023 
 
 Mar-2022 
 
 1 
 
 42679 
 
 Note 7 
 
 Feb-2023 
 
 Mar-2022 
 
 1 
 
 42678 
 
 Note 7 
 
 Feb-2023 
 
 Apr-2022 
 
 1 
 
 42688 
 
 Note 7 
 
 Feb-2023 
 
 1 
 
 67918 
 
 Note 7 
 
 Feb-2023 
 
 1 
 
 67919 
 
 Note 7 
 
 Feb-2023 
 
 1 
 
 67917 
 
 Note 7 
 
 Feb-2023 
 
 1 
 
 67914 
 
 Note 7 
 
 Feb-2023 
 
 1 
 
 67915 
 
 Note 7 
 
 Feb-2023 
 
 1 
 
 67913 
 
 Note 7 
 
 Feb-2023 
 
 1 
 
 67916 
 
 Note 7 

SA-19 SWA-PA-03729 107813 108198 108732 Boeing Proprietary Page 6 

Table 1A To 
 Purchase Agreement No. PA-03729 
 Aircraft Delivery, Description, Price and Advance Payments 
 737-8 Aircraft 

Delivery 
 
 Date 
 Original Delivery Date 

Number of 
 
 Aircraft 
 Escalation Factor (Airframe) 
 Manufacturer Serial Number 

Escalation 
 
 Factor 

Aircraft 
 
 Block 

Notes 
 Escalation Estimate Adv Payment Base Price Per A P 
 Advance Payment Per Aircraft (Amts. Due Mos. Prior to Delivery) 
 
 At Signing 

24 Mos. 

21 18 12 9 6 Mos. 

Total 

Mar-2023 
 
 Apr-2022 
 
 1 
 
 42681 
 
 Note 7 
 
 Mar-2023 
 
 Apr-2022 
 
 1 
 
 42680 
 
 Note 7 
 
 Mar-2023 
 
 May-2022 
 
 1 
 
 42684 
 
 Note 7 
 
 Mar-2023 
 
 1 
 
 67967 
 
 Note 7 
 
 Mar-2023 
 
 1 
 
 67966 
 
 Note 7 
 
 Mar-2023 
 
 1 
 
 67965 
 
 Note 7 
 
 Mar-2023 
 
 1 
 
 67964 
 
 Note 7 
 
 Mar-2023 
 
 1 
 
 67963 
 
 Note 7 
 
 Mar-2023 
 
 1 
 
 67962 
 
 Note 7 
 
 Mar-2023 
 
 1 
 
 67961 
 
 Note 7 
 
 Apr-2023 
 
 May-2022 
 
 1 
 
 42683 
 
 Note 7 
 
 Apr-2023 
 
 May-2022 
 
 1 
 
 42682 
 
 Note 7 
 
 Apr-2023 
 
 Jun-2022 
 
 1 
 
 42687 
 
 Note 7 
 
 Apr-2023 
 
 1 
 
 68046 
 
 Note 7 
 
 Apr-2023 
 
 1 
 
 68047 
 
 Note 7 
 
 Apr-2023 
 
 1 
 
 68048 
 
 Note 7 
 
 Apr-2023 
 
 1 
 
 68049 
 
 Note 7 
 
 Apr-2023 
 
 1 
 
 68050 
 
 Note 7 
 
 Apr-2023 
 
 1 
 
 68051 
 
 Note 7 
 
 Apr-2023 
 
 1 
 
 68052 
 
 Note 7 
 
 May-2023 
 
 1 
 
 42686 
 
 Note 7 
 
 May-2023 
 
 1 
 
 42685 
 
 Note 7 
 
 May-2023 
 
 1 
 
 42690 
 
 Note 7 
 
 May-2023 
 
 1 
 
 68120 
 
 Note 7 
 
 May-2023 
 
 1 
 
 68119 
 
 Note 7 
 
 May-2023 
 
 1 
 
 68118 
 
 Note 7 
 
 May-2023 
 
 1 
 
 68117 
 
 Note 7 
 
 May-2023 
 
 1 
 
 68116 
 
 Note 7 

SA-19 SWA-PA-03729 107813 108198 108732 Boeing Proprietary Page 7 

Table 1A To 
 Purchase Agreement No. PA-03729 
 Aircraft Delivery, Description, Price and Advance Payments 
 737-8 Aircraft 

Delivery 
 
 Date 
 Original Delivery Date 

Number of 
 
 Aircraft 
 Escalation Factor (Airframe) 
 Manufacturer Serial Number 

Escalation 
 
 Factor 

Aircraft 
 
 Block 

Notes 
 Escalation Estimate Adv Payment Base Price Per A P 
 Advance Payment Per Aircraft (Amts. Due Mos. Prior to Delivery) 
 
 At Signing 

24 Mos. 

21 18 12 9 6 Mos. 

Total 

Jun-2023 
 
 1 
 
 42689 
 
 Note 9 
 
 Jun-2023 
 
 1 
 
 42693 
 
 Note 9 
 
 Jun-2023 
 
 1 
 
 67469 
 
 Note 9 
 
 Jul-2023 
 
 1 
 
 42695 
 
 Note 9 
 
 Jul-2023 
 
 1 
 
 42565 
 
 Note 9 
 
 Jul-2023 
 
 1 
 
 42565 
 
 Note 9 
 
 Jul-2023 
 
 1 
 
 68183 
 
 Note 9 
 
 Jul-2023 
 
 1 
 
 68184 
 
 Note 9 
 
 Aug-2023 
 
 1 
 
 42562 
 
 Note 9 
 
 Aug-2023 
 
 1 
 
 42564 
 
 Note 9 
 
 Sep-2023 
 
 1 
 
 42557 
 
 Note 9 
 
 Sep-2023 
 
 1 
 
 42555 
 
 Note 9 
 
 Sep-2023 
 
 1 
 
 68206 
 
 Note 9 
 
 Sep-2023 
 
 1 
 
 68207 
 
 Note 9 
 
 Oct-2023 
 
 1 
 
 42594 
 
 Note 9 
 
 Oct-2023 
 
 1 
 
 42568 
 
 Note 9 
 
 Oct-2023 
 
 1 
 
 42581 
 
 Note 9 
 
 Jan-2026 
 
 Dec-2019 
 
 1 
 
 42666 
 
 Feb-2026 
 
 Feb-2020 
 
 1 
 
 36727 
 
 B 
 
 Feb-2026 
 
 Mar-2020 
 
 1 
 
 42580 
 
 Mar-2026 
 
 Mar-2020 
 
 1 
 
 42579 
 
 Apr-2026 
 
 Apr-2020 
 
 1 
 
 42539 
 
 A 
 
 Apr-2026 
 
 Apr-2020 
 
 1 
 
 65441 
 
 OPEX 
 
 Jun-2026 
 
 May-2020 
 
 1 
 
 42669 
 
 Jul-2026 
 
 May-2020 
 
 1 
 
 42553 
 
 A 
 
 May-2026 
 
 May-2020 
 
 1 
 
 35970 
 
 B 
 
 Aug-2026 
 
 Jun-2020 
 
 1 
 
 42607 
 
 Sep-2026 
 
 Jun-2020 
 
 1 
 
 65442 
 
 OPEX 

SA-19 SWA-PA-03729 107813 108198 108732 Boeing Proprietary Page 8 

Table 1A To 
 Purchase Agreement No. PA-03729 
 Aircraft Delivery, Description, Price and Advance Payments 
 737-8 Aircraft 

Delivery 
 
 Date 
 Original Delivery Date 

Number of 
 
 Aircraft 
 Escalation Factor (Airframe) 
 Manufacturer Serial Number 

Escalation 
 
 Factor 

Aircraft 
 
 Block 

Notes 
 Escalation Estimate Adv Payment Base Price Per A P 
 Advance Payment Per Aircraft (Amts. Due Mos. Prior to Delivery) 
 
 At Signing 

24 Mos. 

21 18 12 9 6 Mos. 

Total 

Nov-2026 
 
 Jul-2020 
 
 1 
 
 42665 
 
 Oct-2026 
 
 Jul-2020 
 
 1 
 
 42540 
 
 A 
 
 Nov-2026 
 
 Jul-2020 
 
 1 
 
 65443 
 
 OPEX 
 
 Dec-2026 
 
 Jul-2020 
 
 1 
 
 65444 
 
 OPEX 
 
 Feb-2027 
 
 Aug-2020 
 
 2 
 
 42672, 42673 
 
 Jan-2027 
 
 Aug-2020 
 
 1 
 
 42541 
 
 A 
 
 Mar-2027 
 
 Aug-2020 
 
 1 
 
 65445 
 
 OPEX 
 
 Apr-2027 
 
 Aug-2020 
 
 1 
 
 65446 
 
 OPEX 
 
 May-2027 
 
 Sep-2020 
 
 1 
 
 42674 
 
 Jun-2027 
 
 Sep-2020 
 
 1 
 
 42691 
 
 Jul-2027 
 
 Sep-2020 
 
 1 
 
 42694 
 
 Apr-2027 
 
 Sep-2020 
 
 1 
 
 33941 
 
 B 
 
 Aug-2027 
 
 Sep-2020 
 
 1 
 
 65472 
 
 OPEX 
 
 Sep-2027 
 
 Sep-2020 
 
 1 
 
 65447 
 
 OPEX 
 
 Oct-2027 
 
 Sep-2020 
 
 1 
 
 65448 
 
 OPEX 
 
 Nov-2027 
 
 Oct-2020 
 
 1 
 
 42615 
 
 Nov-2027 
 
 Oct-2020 
 
 1 
 
 42543 
 
 A 
 
 Dec-2027 
 
 Oct-2020 
 
 1 
 
 65474 
 
 OPEX 
 
 Feb-2028 
 
 Nov-2020 
 
 2 
 
 42697, 42699 
 
 Jan-2028 
 
 Nov-2020 
 
 1 
 
 36733 
 
 B 
 
 Mar-2028 
 
 Nov-2020 
 
 1 
 
 65475 
 
 D OPEX 
 
 Apr-2028 
 
 Dec-2020 
 
 1 
 
 42703 
 
 Apr-2028 
 
 Dec-2020 
 
 1 
 
 33940 
 
 B 
 
 May-2028 
 
 Jan-2021 
 
 1 
 
 35974 
 
 B 
 
 Jun-2028 
 
 Jan-2021 
 
 1 
 
 65450 
 
 D OPEX 
 
 Jul-2028 
 
 Jan-2021 
 
 1 
 
 65449 
 
 OPEX 
 
 Sep-2028 
 
 Feb-2021 
 
 1 
 
 65451 
 
 D OPEX 
 
 Aug-2028 
 
 Feb-2021 
 
 1 
 
 65835 
 
 OPEX 
 
 Note 3 

SA-19 SWA-PA-03729 107813 108198 108732 Boeing Proprietary Page 9 

Table 1A To 
 Purchase Agreement No. PA-03729 
 Aircraft Delivery, Description, Price and Advance Payments 
 737-8 Aircraft 

Delivery 
 
 Date 
 Original Delivery Date 

Number of 
 
 Aircraft 
 Escalation Factor (Airframe) 
 Manufacturer Serial Number 

Escalation 
 
 Factor 

Aircraft 
 
 Block 

Notes 
 Escalation Estimate Adv Payment Base Price Per A P 
 Advance Payment Per Aircraft (Amts. Due Mos. Prior to Delivery) 
 
 At Signing 

24 Mos. 

21 18 12 9 6 Mos. 

Total 

Oct-2028 
 
 Mar-2021 
 
 1 
 
 42648 
 
 Nov-2028 
 
 Mar-2021 
 
 1 
 
 65452 
 
 OPEX 
 
 Nov-2028 
 
 Apr-2021 
 
 1 
 
 42650 
 
 Dec-2028 
 
 Apr-2021 
 
 1 
 
 42651 
 
 Jan-2029 
 
 Apr-2021 
 
 1 
 
 42649 
 
 Jan-2029 
 
 Apr-2021 
 
 1 
 
 65454 
 
 D OPEX 
 
 Feb-2029 
 
 Apr-2021 
 
 1 
 
 65453 
 
 OPEX 
 
 Feb-2029 
 
 May-2021 
 
 1 
 
 42652 
 
 Feb-2029 
 
 May-2021 
 
 1 
 
 42653 
 
 Mar-2029 
 
 May-2021 
 
 1 
 
 42654 
 
 Mar-2029 
 
 May-2021 
 
 1 
 
 65455 
 
 D OPEX 
 
 Mar-2029 
 
 May-2021 
 
 1 
 
 65456 
 
 OPEX 
 
 Apr-2029 
 
 Jun-2021 
 
 3 
 
 42655, 42656, 42670 
 
 May-2029 
 
 Jun-2021 
 
 1 
 
 65457 
 
 D OPEX 
 
 May-2029 
 
 Jul-2021 
 
 1 
 
 42658 
 
 Jun-2029 
 
 Jul-2021 
 
 1 
 
 65460 
 
 D OPEX 
 
 Jul-2029 
 
 Jul-2021 
 
 1 
 
 65459 
 
 OPEX 
 
 Jun-2029 
 
 Jul-2021 
 
 1 
 
 65458 
 
 OPEX 
 
 May-2029 
 
 Jul-2021 
 
 1 
 
 65834 
 
 OPEX 
 
 Note 3 
 
 Sep-2029 
 
 Aug-2021 
 
 1 
 
 65461 
 
 D OPEX 
 
 Jul-2029 
 
 Aug-2021 
 
 1 
 
 65836 
 
 OPEX 
 
 Note 3 
 
 Aug-2029 
 
 Aug-2021 
 
 1 
 
 65837 
 
 OPEX 
 
 Note 3 

SA-19 SWA-PA-03729 107813 108198 108732 Boeing Proprietary Page 10 

Table 1A To 
 Purchase Agreement No. PA-03729 
 Aircraft Delivery, Description, Price and Advance Payments 
 737-8 Aircraft 

Delivery 
 
 Date 
 Original Delivery Date 

Number of 
 
 Aircraft 
 Escalation Factor (Airframe) 
 Manufacturer Serial Number 

Escalation 
 
 Factor 

Aircraft 
 
 Block 

Notes 
 Escalation Estimate Adv Payment Base Price Per A P 
 Advance Payment Per Aircraft (Amts. Due Mos. Prior to Delivery) 
 
 At Signing 

24 Mos. 

21 18 12 9 6 Mos. 

Total 

Aug-2029 
 
 Aug-2021 
 
 1 
 
 65838 
 
 OPEX 
 
 Note 3 
 
 Aug-2029 
 
 Aug-2021 
 
 1 
 
 65839 
 
 OPEX 
 
 Note 3 
 
 Sep-2029 
 
 Aug-2021 
 
 1 
 
 66974 
 
 Note 4 
 
 Nov-2029 
 
 Sep-2021 
 
 1 
 
 65462 
 
 OPEX 
 
 Oct-2029 
 
 Sep-2021 
 
 1 
 
 65463 
 
 OPEX 
 
 Oct-2029 
 
 Sep-2021 
 
 1 
 
 65840 
 
 OPEX 
 
 Note 3 
 
 Oct-2029 
 
 Sep-2021 
 
 1 
 
 65841 
 
 OPEX 
 
 Note 3 
 
 Nov-2029 
 
 Oct-2021 
 
 1 
 
 65466 
 
 D OPEX 
 
 Dec-2029 
 
 Oct-2021 
 
 2 
 
 65465, 65464 
 
 OPEX 
 
 Jan-2030 
 
 Nov-2021 
 
 1 
 
 65467 
 
 D OPEX 
 
 Jan-2030 
 
 Dec-2021 
 
 1 
 
 65468 
 
 OPEX 
 
 Jan-2030 
 
 Dec-2021 
 
 2 
 
 65842, 65843 
 
 OPEX 
 
 Note 3 
 
 Jan-2030 
 
 Jan-2031 
 
 1 
 
 65852 
 
 OPEX 
 
 Note 3 
 
 Feb-2030 
 
 Jan-2022 
 
 1 
 
 65469 
 
 D OPEX 
 
 Feb-2030 
 
 Jan-2022 
 
 1 
 
 65470 
 
 OPEX 
 
 Feb-2030 
 
 Apr-2022 
 
 1 
 
 65844 
 
 OPEX 
 
 Note 3 
 
 Feb-2030 
 
 Feb-2031 
 
 1 
 
 65850 
 
 OPEX 
 
 Note 3 
 
 Mar-2030 
 
 Jul-2022 
 
 3 
 
 65855, 65853, 65851 
 
 OPEX 
 
 Note 3 
 
 Mar-2030 
 
 Aug-2022 
 
 1 
 
 65845 
 
 OPEX 
 
 Note 3 
 
 Mar-2030 
 
 Mar-2031 
 
 1 
 
 65854 
 
 OPEX 
 
 Note 3 
 
 Apr-2030 
 
 Aug-2022 
 
 2 
 
 65847, 65849 
 
 OPEX 
 
 Note 3 
 
 Apr-2030 
 
 Oct-2022 
 
 2 
 
 65857, 65859 
 
 OPEX 
 
 Note 3 
 
 Apr-2030 
 
 Apr-2031 
 
 1 
 
 65856 
 
 OPEX 
 
 Note 3 
 
 May-2030 
 
 Dec-2022 
 
 1 
 
 65861 
 
 OPEX 
 
 Note 3 
 
 May-2030 
 
 Mar-2023 
 
 1 
 
 36732 
 
 B 
 
 May-2030 
 
 Apr-2023 
 
 1 
 
 38806 
 
 B 
 
 May-2030 
 
 Jun-2023 
 
 1 
 
 37034 
 
 A 
 
 SA-19 SWA-PA-03729 107813 108198 108732 Boeing Proprietary Page 11 

Table 1A To 
 Purchase Agreement No. PA-03729 
 Aircraft Delivery, Description, Price and Advance Payments 
 737-8 Aircraft 

Delivery 
 
 Date 
 Original Delivery Date 

Number of 
 
 Aircraft 
 Escalation Factor (Airframe) 
 Manufacturer Serial Number 

Escalation 
 
 Factor 

Aircraft 
 
 Block 

Notes 
 Escalation Estimate Adv Payment Base Price Per A P 
 Advance Payment Per Aircraft (Amts. Due Mos. Prior to Delivery) 
 
 At Signing 

24 Mos. 

21 18 12 9 6 Mos. 

Total 

May-2030 
 
 May-2031 
 
 1 
 
 65860 
 
 OPEX 
 
 Note 3 
 
 Jun-2030 
 
 Aug-2023 
 
 1 
 
 42552 
 
 A 
 
 Jun-2030 
 
 Oct-2023 
 
 1 
 
 42538 
 
 A 
 
 Jun-2030 
 
 Nov-2023 
 
 1 
 
 38815 
 
 B 
 
 Jun-2030 
 
 Jun-2031 
 
 1 
 
 65858 
 
 OPEX 
 
 Note 3 
 
 Jul-2030 
 
 Mar-2024 
 
 3 
 
 38817, 35968, 35972 
 
 B 
 
 Jul-2030 
 
 Apr-2024 
 
 1 
 
 36736 
 
 B 
 
 Jul-2030 
 
 Jul-2031 
 
 1 
 
 65862 
 
 OPEX 
 
 Note 3 
 
 Aug-2030 
 
 Jun-2024 
 
 1 
 
 42542 
 
 A 
 
 Aug-2030 
 
 Jul-2024 
 
 2 
 
 35963, 35967 
 
 B 
 
 Aug-2030 
 
 Sep-2024 
 
 1 
 
 36730 
 
 B 
 
 Aug-2030 
 
 Aug-2031 
 
 1 
 
 65864 
 
 OPEX 
 
 Note 3 
 
 Sep-2030 
 
 Nov-2024 
 
 1 
 
 35971 
 
 B 
 
 Sep-2030 
 
 Dec-2024 
 
 1 
 
 35975 
 
 B 
 
 Sep-2030 
 
 Jan-2025 
 
 2 
 
 38804, 38805 
 
 B 
 
 Sep-2030 
 
 Sep-2031 
 
 1 
 
 65866 
 
 OPEX 
 
 Note 3 
 
 Oct-2030 
 
 Jan-2025 
 
 2 
 
 65863, 65865 
 
 OPEX 
 
 Note 3 
 
 Oct-2030 
 
 Feb-2025 
 
 1 
 
 36729 
 
 B 
 
 Oct-2030 
 
 Oct-2031 
 
 1 
 
 65867 
 
 OPEX 
 
 Note 3 
 
 Nov-2030 
 
 Feb-2025 
 
 2 
 
 65868, 65869 
 
 OPEX 
 
 Note 3 
 
 Nov-2030 
 
 Mar-2025 
 
 2 
 
 65870, 65871 
 
 OPEX 
 
 Note 3 

SA-19 SWA-PA-03729 107813 108198 108732 Boeing Proprietary Page 12 

Table 1A To 
 Purchase Agreement No. PA-03729 
 Aircraft Delivery, Description, Price and Advance Payments 
 737-8 Aircraft 

Delivery 
 
 Date 
 Original Delivery Date 

Number of 
 
 Aircraft 
 Escalation Factor (Airframe) 
 Manufacturer Serial Number 

Escalation 
 
 Factor 

Aircraft 
 
 Block 

Notes 
 Escalation Estimate Adv Payment Base Price Per A P 
 Advance Payment Per Aircraft (Amts. Due Mos. Prior to Delivery) 
 
 At Signing 

24 Mos. 

21 18 12 9 6 Mos. 

Total 

Dec-2030 
 
 Apr-2025 
 
 2 
 
 65872, 65873 
 
 OPEX 
 
 Note 3 
 
 Dec-2030 
 
 May-2025 
 
 2 
 
 65846, 65848 
 
 OPEX 
 
 Note 3 

Total 345 

Manufacturer Serial Numbers (MSN) are for reference only and are subject to change. 
 
 Notes 
 (1) 
 (2) 
 (3) 
 (4) 
 (5) Substitution of (10) September 2022 (10) October 2022 (10) November 2022 (10) December 2022 -- 737-7 into 737-8 from SA-16. Reference Table 1B and 
 Letter Agreement No. SWA-PA-03729-LA-2103755 for pricing terms and conditions for these (40) substituted Aircraft. (6) Exercise of Remarket Aircraft per SWA-PA-03729-LA-1106474, entitled Option Aircraft 
 (7) Substitution of forty-eight (48) 737-7 into 737-8 from SA-18 (10) January 2023 (10) February 2023 (10) March 2023 (10) April 2023 (8) May 2023. Reference Table 1B and 
 Letter Agreement No. SWA-PA-03729-LA-2202855R1, 2023 MAX Production Plan, for pricing terms and conditions for these (48) substituted Aircraft. 
 (8) Exercise and acceleration of Remarket Aircraft per SWA-PA-03729-LA-1106474, entitled Option Aircraft and SWA-PA-03729-LA-2103755, entitled 2022 2023 Production Plan 
 (9) Substitution of fourteen (17) 737-7 into 737-8 from SA-19 (3) June 2023, (5) July 2023, (2) August 2023, (4) September 2023 and (3) October. Reference Table 1B and Letter Agreement No. SWA-PA-3729-LA-2202855R1 
 SA-19 SWA-PA-03729 107813 108198 108732 Boeing Proprietary Page 13 

Table 1B To 
 Purchase Agreement No. PA-03729 
 Aircraft Delivery, Description, Price and Advance Payments 
 737-7 Aircraft 

Airframe Model MTOW 
 
 Engine Model Thrust 
 737-7 177,000 pounds 
 CFMLEAP-1B27C (1) 26,400 pounds 
 Detail Specification 
 
 Airframe Price Base Year Escalation Formula 
 D019A008SWA17P-1 
 
 Jul-11 

ECI-MFG CPI 
 Airframe Price 
 Engine Price Base Year Escalation Formula 
 N A 
 N A 
 Optional Features 
 
 Sub-Total of Airframe and Features 
 Airframe Escalation Data 
 Engine Price (Per Aircraft) 
 
 Base Year Index (ECI) 
 Aircraft Basic Price (Excluding BFE SPE) 
 
 Base Year Index (CPI) 
 Buyer Furnished Equipment (BFE) Estimate 
 Seller Purchased Equipment (SPE) Estimate 

Delivery 
 
 Date 
 Original Delivery Date 

Number of 
 
 Aircraft 
 Escalation Factor (Airframe) 
 Manufacturer 
 Escalation Estimate Adv Payment Base Price Per A P 
 
 Advance Payment Per Aircraft (Amts. Due Mos. Prior to Delivery) 
 
 Serial 
 
 Number 
 
 Escalation 
 
 Factor 
 
 1 

Note 
 At Signing 

24 Mos. 

21 18 12 9 6 Mos. 

Total 

Jan-2022 
 Apr-2019 
 1 
 42586 Jan-2022 
 Apr-2019 
 1 
 42587 Jan-2022 
 Apr-2019 
 1 
 42588 Jan-2022 
 May-2019 
 1 
 42589 Feb-2022 
 May-2019 
 1 
 42590 Feb-2022 
 Aug-2019 
 1 
 42561 Feb-2022 
 Aug-2019 
 1 
 42569 May-2022 
 Oct-2023 
 1 
 42614 May-2022 
 Feb-2024 
 1 
 42620 May-2022 
 Mar-2024 
 1 
 42621 May-2022 
 Apr-2024 
 1 
 42623 May-2022 
 May-2024 
 1 
 42627 May-2022 
 Jun-2024 
 1 
 42629 May-2022 
 Jul-2024 
 1 
 42631 Jul-2022 
 Jun-2023 
 1 
 42602 Jul-2022 
 Jul-2023 
 1 
 42603 Jul-2022 
 Aug-2023 
 1 
 42604 Jul-2022 
 Sep-2023 
 1 
 42609 Jul-2022 
 Sep-2024 
 1 
 42635 
 SWA-PA-03729 107953-1F 116795-1F 116953-1F 118300-1F Boeing Proprietary 
 SA- 19 
 Page 1 

Table 1B To 
 Purchase Agreement No. PA-03729 
 Aircraft Delivery, Description, Price and Advance Payments 
 737-7 Aircraft 

Delivery 
 
 Date 
 Original Delivery Date 

Number of 
 
 Aircraft 
 Escalation Factor (Airframe) 
 Manufacturer 
 Escalation Estimate Adv Payment Base Price Per A P 
 
 Advance Payment Per Aircraft (Amts. Due Mos. Prior to Delivery) 
 
 Serial 
 
 Number 
 
 Escalation 
 
 Factor 
 
 1 

Note 
 At Signing 

24 Mos. 

21 18 12 9 6 Mos. 

Total 

Jul-2022 
 Oct-2024 
 1 
 42638 Jul-2022 
 Nov-2024 
 1 
 42642 Jul-2022 
 Jan-2023 
 1 
 42632 Jul-2022 
 Feb-2023 
 1 
 42592 Jul-2022 
 Mar-2023 
 1 
 42595 Aug-2022 
 Nov-2023 
 1 
 42613 Aug-2022 
 Dec-2023 
 1 
 42616 Aug-2022 
 Jan-2024 
 1 
 42618 Aug-2022 
 Jan-2024 
 1 
 ) 737-8 Sub 
 Aug-2022 
 Jan-2024 
 1 
 ) 737-8 Sub 
 Aug-2022 
 Jan-2024 
 1 
 ) 737-8 Sub 
 Aug-2022 
 Feb-2024 
 1 
 ) 737-8 Sub 
 Sep-2022 
 Substitutions 
 ) 737-8 Sub 
 Sep-2022 
 Substitutions 
 ) 737-8 Sub 
 Sep-2022 
 Substitutions 
 ) 737-8 Sub 
 Sep-2022 
 Substitutions 
 ) 737-8 Sub 
 Sep-2022 
 Substitutions 
 ) 737-8 Sub 
 Sep-2022 
 Substitutions 
 ) 737-8 Sub 
 Sep-2022 
 Substitutions 
 ) 737-8 Sub 
 Sep-2022 
 Substitutions 
 ) 737-8 Sub 
 Sep-2022 
 Substitutions 
 42598 Sep-2022 
 Substitutions 
 ) 737-8 Sub 
 Oct-2022 
 Substitutions 
 ) 737-8 Sub 
 Oct-2022 
 Substitutions 
 ) 737-8 Sub 
 Oct-2022 
 Substitutions 
 ) 737-8 Sub 
 Oct-2022 
 Substitutions 
 ) 737-8 Sub 
 Oct-2022 
 Substitutions 
 ) 737-8 Sub 
 Oct-2022 
 Substitutions 
 ) 737-8 Sub 
 Oct-2022 
 Substitutions 
 ) 737-8 Sub 

SWA-PA-03729 107953-1F 116795-1F 116953-1F 118300-1F Boeing Proprietary 
 SA- 19 
 Page 2 

Table 1B To 
 Purchase Agreement No. PA-03729 
 Aircraft Delivery, Description, Price and Advance Payments 
 737-7 Aircraft 

Delivery 
 
 Date 
 Original Delivery Date 

Number of 
 
 Aircraft 
 Escalation Factor (Airframe) 
 Manufacturer 
 Escalation Estimate Adv Payment Base Price Per A P 
 
 Advance Payment Per Aircraft (Amts. Due Mos. Prior to Delivery) 
 
 Serial 
 
 Number 
 
 Escalation 
 
 Factor 
 
 1 

Note 
 At Signing 

24 Mos. 

21 18 12 9 6 Mos. 

Total 

Oct-2022 
 Substitutions 
 ) OPEX & 737-8 Sub 
 Oct-2022 
 Substitutions 
 ) OPEX & 737-8 Sub 
 Oct-2022 
 Substitutions 
 ) OPEX & 737-8 Sub 
 Nov-2022 
 Substitutions 
 ) 737-8 Sub 
 Nov-2022 
 Substitutions 
 ) 737-8 Sub 
 Nov-2022 
 Substitutions 
 ) 737-8 Sub 
 Nov-2022 
 Substitutions 
 ) 737-8 Sub 
 Nov-2022 
 Substitutions 
 ) 737-8 Sub 
 Nov-2022 
 Substitutions 
 ) 737-8 Sub 
 Nov-2022 
 Substitutions 
 42600 Nov-2022 
 Substitutions 
 ) OPEX & 737-8 Sub 
 Nov-2022 
 Substitutions 
 ) OPEX & 737-8 Sub 
 Nov-2022 
 Substitutions 
 ) OPEX & 737-8 Sub 
 Dec-2022 
 Substitutions 
 ) 737-8 Sub 
 Dec-2022 
 Substitutions 
 ) 737-8 Sub 
 Dec-2022 
 Substitutions 
 ) 737-8 Sub 
 Dec-2022 
 Substitutions 
 ) 737-8 Sub 
 Dec-2022 
 Substitutions 
 ) 737-8 Sub 
 Dec-2022 
 Substitutions 
 67471 ) 737-8 Sub 
 Dec-2022 
 Substitutions 
 67470 ) 737-8 Sub 
 Dec-2022 
 Substitutions 
 42591 Dec-2022 
 Substitutions 
 ) OPEX & 737-8 Sub 
 Dec-2022 
 Substitutions 
 ) OPEX & 737-8 Sub 
 Jan-2023 
 Jul-21 
 Substitutions 
 42657 737-8 Sub 
 Jan-2023 
 Jul-21 
 Substitutions 
 42671 737-8 Sub 
 Jan-2023 
 Substitutions 
 67865 ) OPEX & 737-8 Sub 
 Jan-2023 
 Substitutions 
 67864 ) OPEX & 737-8 Sub 
 Jan-2023 
 Substitutions 
 67863 ) OPEX & 737-8 Sub 
 Jan-2023 
 Substitutions 
 67862 ) OPEX & 737-8 Sub 
 
 SWA-PA-03729 107953-1F 116795-1F 116953-1F 118300-1F Boeing Proprietary 
 SA- 19 
 Page 3 

Table 1B To 
 Purchase Agreement No. PA-03729 
 Aircraft Delivery, Description, Price and Advance Payments 
 737-7 Aircraft 

Delivery 
 
 Date 
 Original Delivery Date 

Number of 
 
 Aircraft 
 Escalation Factor (Airframe) 
 Manufacturer 
 Escalation Estimate Adv Payment Base Price Per A P 
 
 Advance Payment Per Aircraft (Amts. Due Mos. Prior to Delivery) 
 
 Serial 
 
 Number 
 
 Escalation 
 
 Factor 
 
 1 

Note 
 At Signing 

24 Mos. 

21 18 12 9 6 Mos. 

Total 

Jan-2023 
 Substitutions 
 67861 ) OPEX & 737-8 Sub 
 Jan-2023 
 Substitutions 
 67860 ) OPEX & 737-8 Sub 
 Jan-2023 
 Substitutions 
 67859 ) OPEX & 737-8 Sub 
 Jan-2023 
 Substitutions 
 67858 ) OPEX & 737-8 Sub 
 Feb-2023 
 Mar-22 
 Substitutions 
 42679 737-8 Sub 
 Feb-2023 
 Mar-22 
 Substitutions 
 42678 737-8 Sub 
 Feb-2023 
 Apr-22 
 Substitutions 
 42688 737-8 Sub 
 Feb-2023 
 Substitutions 
 67918 ) OPEX & 737-8 Sub 
 Feb-2023 
 Substitutions 
 67919 ) OPEX & 737-8 Sub 
 Feb-2023 
 Substitutions 
 67917 ) OPEX & 737-8 Sub 
 Feb-2023 
 Substitutions 
 67914 ) OPEX & 737-8 Sub 
 Feb-2023 
 Substitutions 
 67915 ) OPEX & 737-8 Sub 
 Feb-2023 
 Substitutions 
 67913 ) OPEX & 737-8 Sub 
 Feb-2023 
 Substitutions 
 67916 ) OPEX & 737-8 Sub 
 Mar-2023 
 Apr-22 
 Substitutions 
 42681 737-8 Sub 
 Mar-2023 
 Apr-22 
 Substitutions 
 42680 737-8 Sub 
 Mar-2023 
 May-22 
 Substitutions 
 42684 737-8 Sub 
 Mar-2023 
 Substitutions 
 67967 ) OPEX & 737-8 Sub 
 Mar-2023 
 Substitutions 
 67966 ) OPEX & 737-8 Sub 
 Mar-2023 
 Substitutions 
 67965 ) OPEX & 737-8 Sub 
 Mar-2023 
 Substitutions 
 67964 ) OPEX & 737-8 Sub 
 Mar-2023 
 Substitutions 
 67963 ) OPEX & 737-8 Sub 
 Mar-2023 
 Substitutions 
 67962 ) OPEX & 737-8 Sub 
 Mar-2023 
 Substitutions 
 67961 ) OPEX & 737-8 Sub 
 Apr-2023 
 May-22 
 Substitutions 
 42683 737-8 Sub 
 Apr-2023 
 May-22 
 Substitutions 
 42682 737-8 Sub 
 Apr-2023 
 Jun-22 
 Substitutions 
 42687 737-8 Sub 
 Apr-2023 
 Substitutions 
 68046 ) OPEX & 737-8 Sub 
 Apr-2023 
 Substitutions 
 68047 ) OPEX & 737-8 Sub 

SWA-PA-03729 107953-1F 116795-1F 116953-1F 118300-1F Boeing Proprietary 
 SA- 19 
 Page 4 

Table 1B To 
 Purchase Agreement No. PA-03729 
 Aircraft Delivery, Description, Price and Advance Payments 
 737-7 Aircraft 

Delivery 
 
 Date 
 Original Delivery Date 

Number of 
 
 Aircraft 
 Escalation Factor (Airframe) 
 Manufacturer 
 Escalation Estimate Adv Payment Base Price Per A P 
 
 Advance Payment Per Aircraft (Amts. Due Mos. Prior to Delivery) 
 
 Serial 
 
 Number 
 
 Escalation 
 
 Factor 
 
 1 

Note 
 At Signing 

24 Mos. 

21 18 12 9 6 Mos. 

Total 

Apr-2023 
 Substitutions 
 68048 ) OPEX & 737-8 Sub 
 Apr-2023 
 Substitutions 
 68049 ) OPEX & 737-8 Sub 
 Apr-2023 
 Substitutions 
 68050 ) OPEX & 737-8 Sub 
 Apr-2023 
 Substitutions 
 68051 ) OPEX & 737-8 Sub 
 Apr-2023 
 Substitutions 
 68052 ) OPEX & 737-8 Sub 
 May-2023 
 Jun-22 
 Substitutions 
 42686 737-8 Sub 
 May-2023 
 Jun-22 
 Substitutions 
 42685 737-8 Sub 
 May-2023 
 Jul-22 
 Substitutions 
 42690 737-8 Sub 
 May-2023 
 Substitutions 
 68120 ) OPEX & 737-8 Sub 
 May-2023 
 Substitutions 
 68119 ) OPEX & 737-8 Sub 
 May-2023 
 Substitutions 
 68118 ) OPEX & 737-8 Sub 
 May-2023 
 Substitutions 
 68117 ) OPEX & 737-8 Sub 
 May-2023 
 Substitutions 
 68116 ) OPEX & 737-8 Sub 
 Jun-2023 
 Jul-22 
 Substitutions 
 42689 737-8 Sub 
 Jun-2023 
 Aug-22 
 Substitutions 
 42693 737-8 Sub 
 Jun-2023 
 Mar-24 
 Substitutions 
 67469 737-8 Sub 
 Jul-2023 
 Aug-22 
 Substitutions 
 42695 737-8 Sub 
 Jul-2023 
 Jan-23 
 Substitutions 
 42565 737-8 Sub 
 Jul-2023 
 Jan-23 
 Substitutions 
 42565 737-8 Sub 
 Jul-2023 
 Substitutions 
 68183 ) OPEX & 737-8 Sub 
 Jul-2023 
 Substitutions 
 68184 ) OPEX & 737-8 Sub 
 Aug-2023 
 Feb-23 
 Substitutions 
 42562 737-8 Sub 
 Aug-2023 
 Feb-23 
 Substitutions 
 42564 737-8 Sub 
 Sep-2023 
 Mar-23 
 Substitutions 
 42557 737-8 Sub 
 Sep-2023 
 Apr-23 
 Substitutions 
 42555 737-8 Sub 
 Sep-2023 
 Substitutions 
 68207 ) OPEX & 737-8 Sub 
 Sep-2023 
 Substitutions 
 68206 ) OPEX & 737-8 Sub 
 Oct-2023 
 May-23 
 Substitutions 
 42594 737-8 Sub 
 Oct-2023 
 May-23 
 Substitutions 
 42568 737-8 Sub 
 
 SWA-PA-03729 107953-1F 116795-1F 116953-1F 118300-1F Boeing Proprietary 
 SA- 19 
 Page 5 

Table 1B To 
 Purchase Agreement No. PA-03729 
 Aircraft Delivery, Description, Price and Advance Payments 
 737-7 Aircraft 

Delivery 
 
 Date 
 Original Delivery Date 

Number of 
 
 Aircraft 
 Escalation Factor (Airframe) 
 Manufacturer 
 Escalation Estimate Adv Payment Base Price Per A P 
 
 Advance Payment Per Aircraft (Amts. Due Mos. Prior to Delivery) 
 
 Serial 
 
 Number 
 
 Escalation 
 
 Factor 
 
 1 

Note 
 At Signing 

24 Mos. 

21 18 12 9 6 Mos. 

Total 

Oct-2023 
 Jun-23 
 Substitutions 
 42581 737-8 Sub 
 Nov-2023 
 Jul-23 
 1 
 42582 737-8 Sub 
 Nov-2023 
 Jul-23 
 1 
 42597 737-8 Sub 
 Nov-2023 
 1 
 68360 ) OPEX & 737-8 Sub 
 Nov-2023 
 1 
 68359 ) OPEX & 737-8 Sub 
 Dec-2023 
 Aug-23 
 1 
 42593 737-8 Sub 
 Dec-2023 
 Sep-23 
 1 
 42578 737-8 Sub 
 Dec-2023 
 1 
 68382 ) OPEX & 737-8 Sub 
 Dec-2023 
 1 
 68381 ) OPEX & 737-8 Sub 
 Jan-2024 
 Sep-23 
 1 
 42601 737-8 Sub 
 Jan-2024 
 Oct-23 
 1 
 42605 737-8 Sub 
 Jan-2024 
 1 
 68457 ) OPEX & 737-8 Sub 
 Jan-2024 
 1 
 68458 ) OPEX & 737-8 Sub 
 Jan-2024 
 1 
 68459 ) OPEX & 737-8 Sub 
 Feb-2024 
 Dec-23 
 1 
 42583 737-8 Sub 
 Feb-2024 
 Jan-24 
 1 
 42584 737-8 Sub 
 Feb-2024 
 Jan-24 
 1 
 42585 737-8 Sub 
 Mar-2024 
 Jan-24 
 1 
 42611 737-8 Sub 
 Mar-2024 
 Feb-24 
 1 
 42596 737-8 Sub 
 Mar-2024 
 Feb-24 
 1 
 42599 737-8 Sub 
 Apr-2024 
 Feb-24 
 1 
 42612 737-8 Sub 
 Apr-2024 
 Apr-24 
 1 
 42606 737-8 Sub 
 Apr-2024 
 Apr-24 
 1 
 42617 737-8 Sub 
 May-2024 
 May-24 
 1 
 42608 737-8 Sub 
 May-2024 
 May-24 
 1 
 42619 737-8 Sub 
 May-2024 
 May-24 
 1 
 42622 737-8 Sub 
 Jun-2024 
 Jun-24 
 1 
 42610 737-8 Sub 
 Jun-2024 
 Aug-24 
 1 
 42626 737-8 Sub 
 Jul-2024 
 Aug-24 
 1 
 42624 737-8 Sub 

SWA-PA-03729 107953-1F 116795-1F 116953-1F 118300-1F Boeing Proprietary 
 SA- 19 
 Page 6 

Table 1B To 
 Purchase Agreement No. PA-03729 
 Aircraft Delivery, Description, Price and Advance Payments 
 737-7 Aircraft 

Delivery 
 
 Date 
 Original Delivery Date 

Number of 
 
 Aircraft 
 Escalation Factor (Airframe) 
 Manufacturer 
 Escalation Estimate Adv Payment Base Price Per A P 
 
 Advance Payment Per Aircraft (Amts. Due Mos. Prior to Delivery) 
 
 Serial 
 
 Number 
 
 Escalation 
 
 Factor 
 
 1 

Note 
 At Signing 

24 Mos. 

21 18 12 9 6 Mos. 

Total 

Jul-2024 
 Sep-24 
 1 
 42630 737-8 Sub 
 Aug-2024 
 Oct-24 
 1 
 42625 737-8 Sub 
 Aug-2024 
 Oct-24 
 1 
 42636 737-8 Sub 
 Aug-2024 
 Nov-24 
 1 
 42639 737-8 Sub 
 Sep-2024 
 Dec-24 
 1 
 42640 737-8 Sub 
 Sep-2024 
 Dec-24 
 1 
 42628 737-8 Sub 
 Oct-2024 
 Feb-25 
 1 
 42643 737-8 Sub 
 Oct-2024 
 Mar-25 
 1 
 42645 737-8 Sub 
 Oct-2024 
 Mar-25 
 1 
 42644 737-8 Sub 
 Nov-2024 
 Apr-25 
 1 
 42659 737-8 Sub 
 Nov-2024 
 Apr-25 
 1 
 42660 737-8 Sub 
 Dec-2024 
 May-25 
 1 
 42663 737-8 Sub 
 Dec-2024 
 Jun-25 
 1 
 42667 737-8 Sub 
 Jan-2025 
 Jul-25 
 1 
 42668 737-8 Sub 
 Jan-2025 
 Aug-25 
 1 
 42675 737-8 Sub 
 Feb-2025 
 Sep-25 
 1 
 42677 737-8 Sub 
 Feb-2025 
 Sep-25 
 1 
 42676 737-8 Sub 
 Feb-2025 
 Oct-25 
 1 
 42692 737-8 Sub 
 Mar-2025 
 Oct-25 
 1 
 42696 737-8 Sub 
 Mar-2025 
 Nov-25 
 1 
 42698 737-8 Sub 
 Mar-2025 
 Nov-25 
 1 
 42700 737-8 Sub 
 Apr-2025 
 Dec-25 
 1 
 42702 737-8 Sub 
 Apr-2025 
 Dec-25 
 1 
 42701 737-8 Sub 
 Apr-2025 
 1 
 67319 May-2025 
 1 
 67321 May-2025 
 1 
 67320 May-2025 
 1 
 67322 Jun-2025 
 1 
 67323 Jun-2025 
 1 
 67324 
 SWA-PA-03729 107953-1F 116795-1F 116953-1F 118300-1F Boeing Proprietary 
 SA- 19 
 Page 7 

Table 1B To 
 Purchase Agreement No. PA-03729 
 Aircraft Delivery, Description, Price and Advance Payments 
 737-7 Aircraft 

Delivery 
 
 Date 
 Original Delivery Date 

Number of 
 
 Aircraft 
 Escalation Factor (Airframe) 
 Manufacturer 
 Escalation Estimate Adv Payment Base Price Per A P 
 
 Advance Payment Per Aircraft (Amts. Due Mos. Prior to Delivery) 
 
 Serial 
 
 Number 
 
 Escalation 
 
 Factor 
 
 1 

Note 
 At Signing 

24 Mos. 

21 18 12 9 6 Mos. 

Total 

Jul-2025 
 1 
 67325 Jul-2025 
 1 
 67326 Aug-2025 
 1 
 67328 Aug-2025 
 1 
 67327 Sep-2025 
 1 
 67330 Sep-2025 
 1 
 67329 Oct-2025 
 1 
 67333 Oct-2025 
 1 
 67332 Oct-2025 
 1 
 67331 Nov-2025 
 1 
 67335 Nov-2025 
 1 
 67334 Dec-2025 
 1 
 67338 Dec-2025 
 1 
 67337 Dec-2025 
 1 
 67336 Jan-2026 
 1 
 67339 Jan-2026 
 Jan-2030 
 1 
 67404 Feb-2026 
 1 
 67340 Feb-2026 
 Feb-2030 
 1 
 67405 Mar-2026 
 1 
 67342 Mar-2026 
 1 
 67341 Mar-2026 
 Mar-2030 
 1 
 67407 Mar-2026 
 Mar-2030 
 1 
 67406 Apr-2026 
 1 
 67343 Apr-2026 
 Apr-2030 
 1 
 67408 May-2026 
 1 
 67345 May-2026 
 1 
 67344 May-2026 
 May-2030 
 1 
 67409 May-2026 
 May-2030 
 1 
 67410 Jun-2026 
 1 
 67346 
 
 SWA-PA-03729 107953-1F 116795-1F 116953-1F 118300-1F Boeing Proprietary 
 SA- 19 
 Page 8 

Table 1B To 
 Purchase Agreement No. PA-03729 
 Aircraft Delivery, Description, Price and Advance Payments 
 737-7 Aircraft 

Delivery 
 
 Date 
 Original Delivery Date 

Number of 
 
 Aircraft 
 Escalation Factor (Airframe) 
 Manufacturer 
 Escalation Estimate Adv Payment Base Price Per A P 
 
 Advance Payment Per Aircraft (Amts. Due Mos. Prior to Delivery) 
 
 Serial 
 
 Number 
 
 Escalation 
 
 Factor 
 
 1 

Note 
 At Signing 

24 Mos. 

21 18 12 9 6 Mos. 

Total 

Jun-2026 
 Jun-2030 
 1 
 67411 Jul-2026 
 1 
 67347 Jul-2026 
 Jul-2030 
 1 
 67412 Aug-2026 
 1 
 67348 Aug-2026 
 Aug-2030 
 1 
 67413 Sep-2026 
 1 
 67349 Sep-2026 
 Sep-2030 
 1 
 67414 Oct-2026 
 1 
 67351 Oct-2026 
 1 
 67350 Oct-2026 
 Oct-2030 
 1 
 67416 Oct-2026 
 Oct-2030 
 1 
 67415 Nov-2026 
 1 
 67352 Nov-2026 
 Nov-2030 
 1 
 67417 Dec-2026 
 1 
 67353 Dec-2026 
 Dec-2030 
 1 
 67418 Jan-2027 
 1 
 67354 Feb-2027 
 1 
 67355 Mar-2027 
 1 
 67357 Mar-2027 
 1 
 67356 Apr-2027 
 1 
 67358 May-2027 
 1 
 67360 May-2027 
 1 
 67359 Jun-2027 
 1 
 67361 Jul-2027 
 1 
 67362 Aug-2027 
 1 
 67363 Sep-2027 
 1 
 67364 Oct-2027 
 1 
 67366 Oct-2027 
 1 
 67365 Nov-2027 
 1 
 67367 
 SWA-PA-03729 107953-1F 116795-1F 116953-1F 118300-1F Boeing Proprietary 
 SA- 19 
 Page 9 

Table 1B To 
 Purchase Agreement No. PA-03729 
 Aircraft Delivery, Description, Price and Advance Payments 
 737-7 Aircraft 

Delivery 
 
 Date 
 Original Delivery Date 

Number of 
 
 Aircraft 
 Escalation Factor (Airframe) 
 Manufacturer 
 Escalation Estimate Adv Payment Base Price Per A P 
 
 Advance Payment Per Aircraft (Amts. Due Mos. Prior to Delivery) 
 
 Serial 
 
 Number 
 
 Escalation 
 
 Factor 
 
 1 

Note 
 At Signing 

24 Mos. 

21 18 12 9 6 Mos. 

Total 

Dec-2027 
 1 
 67368 Jan-2028 
 1 
 67369 Feb-2028 
 1 
 67370 Mar-2028 
 1 
 67372 Mar-2028 
 1 
 67371 Apr-2028 
 1 
 67373 May-2028 
 1 
 67375 May-2028 
 1 
 67374 Jun-2028 
 1 
 67376 Jul-2028 
 1 
 67377 Aug-2028 
 1 
 67378 Sep-2028 
 1 
 67379 Oct-2028 
 1 
 67381 Oct-2028 
 1 
 67380 Nov-2028 
 1 
 67382 Dec-2028 
 1 
 67383 Jan-2029 
 1 
 67385 Jan-2029 
 1 
 67384 Feb-2029 
 1 
 67386 Mar-2029 
 1 
 67388 Mar-2029 
 1 
 67387 Apr-2029 
 1 
 67389 May-2029 
 1 
 67391 May-2029 
 1 
 67390 Jun-2029 
 1 
 67393 Jun-2029 
 1 
 67392 Jul-2029 
 1 
 67395 Jul-2029 
 1 
 67394 Aug-2029 
 1 
 67397 
 
 SWA-PA-03729 107953-1F 116795-1F 116953-1F 118300-1F Boeing Proprietary 
 SA- 19 
 Page 10 

Table 1B To 
 Purchase Agreement No. PA-03729 
 Aircraft Delivery, Description, Price and Advance Payments 
 737-7 Aircraft 

Delivery 
 
 Date 
 Original Delivery Date 

Number of 
 
 Aircraft 
 Escalation Factor (Airframe) 
 Manufacturer 
 Escalation Estimate Adv Payment Base Price Per A P 
 
 Advance Payment Per Aircraft (Amts. Due Mos. Prior to Delivery) 
 
 Serial 
 
 Number 
 
 Escalation 
 
 Factor 
 
 1 

Note 
 At Signing 

24 Mos. 

21 18 12 9 6 Mos. 

Total 

Aug-2029 
 1 67396 

Sep-2029 
 1 67399 

Sep-2029 
 1 67398 

Oct-2029 
 1 67400 

Nov-2029 
 1 67401 

Dec-2029 
 1 67403 

Dec-2029 
 1 67402 

Total 
 182 

Manufacturer Serial Numbers (MSN) are for reference only and are subject to change. 

Notes 
 (1) 
 SWA-PA-03729 107953-1F 116795-1F 116953-1F 118300-1F Boeing Proprietary 
 SA- 19 
 Page 11 

The Boeing Company P.O. Box 3707 Seattle, WA 98124-2207 

SWA-PA-03729-LA-2202855R1 
 Southwest Airlines Co. 
 2702 Love Field Drive 
 P.O. Box 36611 
 Dallas, Texas 75235-1611 
 Subject 2023 MAX Production Plan 
 References 1) Purchase Agreement No. PA-03729 Purchase Agreement between The Boeing Company Boeing and Southwest Airlines Co. Customer relating to model 737-8 and model 737-7 aircraft (collectively, Aircraft 
 2) Table 1A to the Purchase Agreement entitled Table 1A to Purchase Agreement No. PA-03729 Aircraft Delivery, Description, Price and Advance Payments 737-8 Aircraft Table 1A 
 3) Table 1B to the Purchase Agreement entitled Table 1B to Purchase Agreement No. PA-03729 Aircraft Delivery, Description, Price and Advance Payments 737-7 Aircraft Table 1B 
 
 This letter agreement Letter Agreement amends and supplements the Purchase Agreement. All terms used but not defined in this Letter Agreement shall have the same meaning as in the Purchase Agreement. 
 1. 737-8 Special Substitution Aircraft 
 1.1 , Boeing and Customer have agreed to the substitution of sixty-five (65) model 737-7 Aircraft with scheduled delivery months in January 2023 through October 2023 (including (i) ten (10) 737-7 Aircraft per month in January, February, March and April 2023, (ii) eight (8) 737-7 Aircraft in May 2023, (iii) three (3) 737-7 Aircraft in June 2023, (iv) five (5) 737-7 Aircraft in July 2023, (v) two (2) 737-7 Aircraft in August 2023, (vi) four (4) 737-7 Aircraft in September 2023, and (vii) three (3) 737-7 Aircraft in October 2023), into model 737-8 Aircraft (collectively, 737-8 Special 2023 Substitution Aircraft ), as reflected in Table 1A and Table 1B to the Purchase Agreement. 
 1.2 

SWA-PA-03729-LA-2202855R1 2023 MAX Production Plan BOEING PROPRIETARY SA-19 
 Page 1 

1.3 

1.4 

2. Assignment 
 Notwithstanding any other provisions of the Purchase Agreement, the rights and obligations described in (i) this Letter Agreement and (ii) Letter Agreement No. SWA-PA-03729-LA-2103755 are provided to Customer in consideration of Customer's becoming the operator of the Aircraft and cannot be assigned in whole or in part. 
 
 3. Confidentiality 
 Customer understands that certain commercial and financial information contained in this Letter Agreement is considered by Boeing as confidential and has value precisely because it is not available generally to other parties. Customer agrees to limit the disclosure of the contents of this Letter Agreement to (a) its directors and officers, (b) 
 SWA-PA-03729-LA-2202855R1 
 2023 MAX Production Plan 
 
 BOEING PROPRIETARY SA-19 
 Page 2 

employees of Customer with a need to know the contents for performing its obligations (including, without limitation, those employees performing accounting, finance, administration and other functions necessary to finance and purchase, deliver or lease the Aircraft) and who understand they are not to disclose its contents to any other person or entity (other than those to whom disclosure is permitted by this Article) without the prior written consent of Boeing and (c) any auditors and attorneys of Customer who have a need to know such information and have signed a confidentiality agreement in the same form and substance similar to this Article, or are otherwise bound by a confidentiality obligation. Disclosure to other parties is not permitted without Boeing s consent except as may be required by applicable law or governmental regulations. Customer shall be fully responsible to Boeing for compliance with such obligations. 

Very truly yours, 
 THE BOEING COMPANY By 
 s Herbert C. Portillo 
 Name Herbert C. Portillo Its Attorney-In-Fact ACCEPTED AND AGREED TO this Date October 25, 2022 SOUTHWEST AIRLINES CO. By 
 s Chris Monroe 
 Name 
 Chris Monroe 
 Its SVP Finance and Treasurer 
 
 SWA-PA-03729-LA-2202855R1 
 2023 MAX Production Plan 
 
 BOEING PROPRIETARY SA-19 
 Page 3 

Attachment 1-A To 
 Letter Agreement No. 1106474 
 Aircraft Delivery, Description, Price and Advance Payments 

Airframe Model MTOW 737-8 
 181,200 pounds 
 Detail Specification 
 D019A008-S (5 1 2017) 
 Engine Model Thrust CFMLEAP-1B28 (1) 
 28,800 pounds 
 Airframe Price Base Year Escalation Formul 
 Jul-11 
 ECI-MFG CPI 
 Airframe Price 
 Engine Price Base Year Escalation Formula 
 N A 
 N A 
 Optional Features 
 - Sub-Total of Airframe and Features 
 Airframe Escalation Data 
 Engine Price (Per Aircraft) 
 Base Year Index (ECI) 
 Aircraft Basic Price (Excluding BFE SPE) 
 Base Year Index (CPI) 
 Buyer Furnished Equipment (BFE) Estimate 
 Seller Purchased Equipment (SPE) Estimate 
 Non-Refundable Deposit Aircraft at Def Agreement 

Delivery 
 Date 
 
 Number of 
 Aircraft 
 Escalation Factor (Airframe) 

Escalation Factor 

MSN 
 Option Exercise Date Deadline 

Note 

Note 
 Escalation Estimate Adv Payment Base Price Per A P 
 Advance Payment Per Aircraft (Amts. Due Mos. Prior to Delivery) 
 At Signing 
 
 24 Mos. 
 
 21 18 12 9 6 Mos. 
 
 Total 
 
 Mar-2024 
 1 

Apr-2024 
 1 

Apr-2024 
 1 

Apr-2024 
 1 

Apr-2024 
 1 

May-2024 
 1 

May-2024 
 1 

May-2024 
 1 

Jun-2024 
 1 

Jun-2024 
 1 

Jun-2024 
 1 

Jan-2025 
 1 

Jan-2025 
 1 

Jan-2025 
 1 

Feb-2025 
 1 

Feb-2025 
 1 

Feb-2025 
 1 

SWA-PA-03729-LA-1106474R7 107813 116801-1F.txt Boeing Proprietary SA-19 
 Page 1 

Attachment 1-A To 
 Letter Agreement No. 1106474 
 Aircraft Delivery, Description, Price and Advance Payments 

Delivery 
 Date 
 
 Number of 
 Aircraft 
 Escalation Factor (Airframe) 

Escalation Factor 

MSN 
 Option Exercise Date Deadline 

Note 

Note 
 Escalation Estimate Adv Payment Base Price Per A P 
 Advance Payment Per Aircraft (Amts. Due Mos. Prior to Delivery) 
 At Signing 
 
 24 Mos. 
 
 21 18 12 9 6 Mos. 
 
 Total 
 
 Mar-2025 
 1 

Mar-2025 
 1 

Mar-2025 
 1 

Mar-2025 
 1 

Apr-2025 
 1 

Apr-2025 
 1 

Apr-2025 
 1 

Apr-2025 
 1 

May-2025 
 1 

May-2025 
 1 

May-2025 
 1 

May-2025 
 1 

Jun-2025 
 1 

Jun-2025 
 1 

Total 
 31 

Manufacturer's serial numbers (MSNs) are for reference only and are subject to change 
 1 
 2 
 Note 
 (1) 
 SWA-PA-03729-LA-1106474R7 107813 116801-1F.txt Boeing Proprietary SA-19 
 Page 2 

Attachment 1-B To 
 Letter Agreement No. SWA-PA-03729-LA-1106474R7 
 Aircraft Delivery, Description, Price and Advance Payments 

Airframe Model MTOW 737-8 
 181,200 pounds 
 Detail Specification 
 D019A008-S (5 1 2017) 
 Non-Standard 
 Engine Model Thrust CFMLEAP-1B28 (1) 
 28,800 pounds 
 Airframe Price Base Year Escalation Formula 
 Jul-11 
 Non-Standard 
 Airframe Price 
 Engine Price Base Year Escalation Formula 
 Jul-11 
 Optional Features 
 Sub-Total of Airframe and Features 
 Airframe Escalation Data 
 Engine Price (Per Aircraft) 
 Base Year Index (ECI) 
 Aircraft Basic Price (Excluding BFE SPE) 
 Base Year Index (CPI) 
 Buyer Furnished Equipment (BFE) Estimate 
 Seller Purchased Equipment (SPE) Estimate 
 Deposit per Aircraft 

Delivery 
 
 Date 

Number of 
 
 Aircraft 
 Escalation 
 
 Factor 
 
 (Airframe) 
 Option 
 
 Exercise Date 

Escalation 
 Escalation Estimate 
 
 Adv Payment Base 
 
 Price Per A P 
 Advance Payment Per Aircraft (Amts. Due Mos. Prior to Delivery) 
 At Signing 

24 Mos. 

21 18 12 9 6 Mos. 

Total 

Deadline 
 Factor 
 Note 
 Feb-2024 
 1 
 
 Feb-2024 
 1 
 
 Feb-2024 
 1 
 
 Mar-2024 
 1 
 
 Mar-2024 
 1 
 
 Mar-2024 
 1 
 
 Mar-2024 
 1 
 
 Apr-2024 
 1 

May-2024 
 1 

May-2024 
 1 

Jun-2024 
 1 
 
 Jun-2024 
 1 
 
 Jul-2024 
 1 
 
 Jul-2024 
 1 
 
 Jul-2024 
 1 
 
 Jul-2024 
 1 
 
 Jul-2024 
 1 
 
 Aug-2024 
 1 
 
 Aug-2024 
 1 

SWA-PA-03729 116954R7.txt Boeing Proprietary SA-19 
 Page 1 

Attachment 1-B To 
 Letter Agreement No. SWA-PA-03729-LA-1106474R7 
 Aircraft Delivery, Description, Price and Advance Payments 

Delivery 
 
 Date 

Number of 
 
 Aircraft 
 Escalation Factor (Airframe) 
 Option 
 
 Exercise Date 

Escalation 
 Escalation Estimate Adv Payment Base Price Per A P 
 Advance Payment Per Aircraft (Amts. Due Mos. Prior to Delivery) 
 At Signing 

24 Mos. 

21 18 12 9 6 Mos. 

Total 

Deadline 
 Factor 
 Note 
 Aug-2024 
 1 
 
 Aug-2024 
 1 
 
 Aug-2024 
 1 
 
 Sep-2024 
 1 

Sep-2024 
 1 

Sep-2024 
 1 

Sep-2024 
 1 

Oct-2024 
 1 
 
 Oct-2024 
 1 
 
 Oct-2024 
 1 
 
 Oct-2024 
 1 
 
 Oct-2024 
 1 
 
 Oct-2024 
 1 
 
 Nov-2024 
 1 
 
 Nov-2024 
 1 
 
 Nov-2024 
 1 
 
 Nov-2024 
 1 
 
 Nov-2024 
 1 
 
 Dec-2024 
 1 
 
 Dec-2024 
 1 
 
 Dec-2024 
 1 
 
 Dec-2024 
 1 
 
 Dec-2024 
 1 
 
 Mar-2025 
 1 
 
 Apr-2025 
 1 
 
 May-2025 
 1 
 
 Jun-2025 
 1 
 
 Jun-2025 
 1 
 
 Jun-2025 
 1 
 
 Jul-2025 
 1 

SWA-PA-03729 116954R7.txt Boeing Proprietary SA-19 
 Page 2 

Attachment 1-B To 
 Letter Agreement No. SWA-PA-03729-LA-1106474R7 
 Aircraft Delivery, Description, Price and Advance Payments 

Delivery 
 
 Date 

Number of 
 
 Aircraft 
 Escalation Factor (Airframe) 
 Option 
 
 Exercise Date 

Escalation 
 Escalation Estimate Adv Payment Base Price Per A P 
 Advance Payment Per Aircraft (Amts. Due Mos. Prior to Delivery) 
 At Signing 

24 Mos. 

21 18 12 9 6 Mos. 

Total 

Deadline 
 Factor 
 Note 
 Jul-2025 
 1 
 
 Jul-2025 
 1 
 
 Jul-2025 
 1 
 
 Jul-2025 
 1 
 
 Aug-2025 
 1 

Aug-2025 
 1 

Aug-2025 
 1 

Aug-2025 
 1 

Aug-2025 
 1 

Sep-2025 
 1 
 
 Sep-2025 
 1 
 
 Sep-2025 
 1 
 
 Sep-2025 
 1 
 
 Oct-2025 
 1 
 
 Oct-2025 
 1 
 
 Oct-2025 
 1 
 
 Oct-2025 
 1 
 
 Oct-2025 
 1 
 
 Oct-2025 
 1 
 
 Nov-2025 
 1 
 
 Nov-2025 
 1 
 
 Nov-2025 
 1 
 
 Nov-2025 
 1 
 
 Nov-2025 
 1 
 
 Dec-2025 
 1 
 
 Dec-2025 
 1 
 
 Dec-2025 
 1 
 
 Dec-2025 
 1 
 
 Dec-2025 
 1 
 
 Jan-2026 
 1 

SWA-PA-03729 116954R7.txt Boeing Proprietary SA-19 
 Page 3 

Attachment 1-B To 
 Letter Agreement No. SWA-PA-03729-LA-1106474R7 
 Aircraft Delivery, Description, Price and Advance Payments 

Delivery 
 
 Date 

Number of 
 
 Aircraft 
 Escalation Factor (Airframe) 
 Option 
 
 Exercise Date 

Escalation 
 Escalation Estimate Adv Payment Base Price Per A P 
 Advance Payment Per Aircraft (Amts. Due Mos. Prior to Delivery) 
 At Signing 

24 Mos. 

21 18 12 9 6 Mos. 

Total 

Deadline 
 Factor 
 Note 
 Jan-2026 
 1 
 
 Jan-2026 
 1 
 
 Feb-2026 
 1 
 
 Feb-2026 
 1 
 
 Feb-2026 
 1 
 
 Mar-2026 
 1 
 
 Mar-2026 
 1 
 
 Mar-2026 
 1 
 
 Mar-2026 
 1 
 
 Apr-2026 
 1 
 
 Apr-2026 
 1 
 
 Apr-2026 
 1 
 
 Apr-2026 
 1 

Total 
 92 

Note 
 (1) 
 
 SWA-PA-03729 116954R7.txt Boeing Proprietary SA-19 
 Page 4 

</EX-10.18(A)>

<EX-21>
 4
 luv-12312022xex21.htm
 SUBSIDIARIES OF THE COMPANY

Document 

Exhibit 21 
 Southwest Airlines Co. 
 Subsidiaries 
 
 Name State or Other Jurisdiction of Incorporation or Organization AirTran Airways, Inc. Delaware AirTran Holdings, LLC Texas Southwest Jet Fuel Co. Texas Triple Crown Assurance Co. Texas 

</EX-21>

<EX-23>
 5
 luv-12312022xex23.htm
 CONSENT OF ERNST & YOUNG LLP, INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM

Document 

Exhibit 23 
 
 Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 
 We consent to the incorporation by reference in the following Registration Statements and in the related Prospectuses 
 
 1. Registration Statement (Form S-3 No. 333-158397) of Southwest Airlines Co. 
 2. Registration Statement (Form S-3 No. 333-180969) of Southwest Airlines Co. 
 3. Registration Statement (Form S-3 No. 333-203761) of Southwest Airlines Co. 
 4. Registration Statement (Form S-3 No. 333-222963) of Southwest Airlines Co. 
 5. Registration Statement (Form S-3 No. 333-248077) of Southwest Airlines Co. 
 6. Registration Statement (Form S-3 No. 333-252849) of Southwest Airlines Co. 
 7. Registration Statement (Form S-4 No. 333-170742) of Southwest Airlines Co. 
 8. Registration Statement (Form S-8 No. 33-40653) pertaining to the Southwest Airlines Co. Amended and Restated 1991 Employee Stock Purchase Plan 
 9. Registration Statement (Form S-8 No. 333-67627) pertaining to Southwest Airlines Co. Deferred Compensation Plan for Pilots 
 10. Registration Statement (Form S-8 No. 333-67631) pertaining to the Southwest Airlines Co. Southwest Airlines Co. Excess Benefit Plan 
 11. Registration Statement (Form S-8 No. 333-46560) pertaining to the Southwest Airlines Co. 1991 Employee Stock Purchase Plan, as amended September 21, 2000 
 12. Registration Statement (Form S-8 No. 333-98761) pertaining to the Southwest Airlines Co. 2002 SWAPA Non-Qualified Stock Option Plan and the Southwest Airlines Co. 2002 Bonus SWAPA Non-Qualified Stock Option Plan 
 13. Registration Statement (Form S-8 No. 333-100862) pertaining to the Southwest Airlines Co. 2002 SWAPIA Non-Qualified Stock Option Plan and the Southwest Airlines Co. 2002 Mechanics Non-Qualified Stock Option Plan 
 14. Registration Statement (Form S-8 No. 333-139362) pertaining to the Southwest Airlines Co. Amended and Restated 1991 Employee Stock Purchase Plan 
 15. Registration Statement (Form S-8 No. 333-146891) pertaining to the Southwest Airlines Co. 2007 Equity Incentive Plan 
 16. Registration Statement (Form S-8 No. 333-160762) pertaining to the Southwest Airlines Co. Amended and Restated 1991 Employee Stock Purchase Plan 
 17. Registration Statement (Form S-8 No. 333-166980) pertaining to the Southwest Airlines Co. Amended and Restated 2007 Equity Incentive Plan 
 18. Registration Statement (Form S-8 No. 333-190268) pertaining to the Southwest Airlines Co. Amended and Restated 1991 Employee Stock Purchase Plan 
 19. Registration Statement (Form S-8 No. 333-205979) pertaining to the Southwest Airlines Co. Amended and Restated 2007 Equity Incentive Plan and 
 20. Registration Statement (Form S-8 No. 333-266464) pertaining to the Southwest Airlines Co. Amended and Restated 1991 Employee Stock Purchase Plan 
 
 of our reports dated February 6, 2023, with respect to the consolidated financial statements of Southwest Airlines Co., and the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting of Southwest Airlines Co., included in this Annual Report (Form 10-K) for the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 
 s Ernst & Young, LLP 
 
 Dallas, Texas 
 February 6, 2023 

</EX-23>

<EX-31.1>
 6
 luv-12312022xex311.htm
 EX-31.1 CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER

Document 

Exhibit 31.1 
 CERTIFICATION 
 
 I, Robert E. Jordan, President & Chief Executive Officer of Southwest Airlines Co., certify that 
 
 1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022 of Southwest Airlines Co. 
 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 
 (a) designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 
 (b) designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be 
 designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 
 (c) evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 
 (d) disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 
 5. The registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 
 (a) all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 
 (b) any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. Date February 6, 2023 
 By 
 s Robert E. Jordan Robert E. Jordan 
 President & Chief Executive Officer 
 (Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 7
 luv-12312022xex312.htm
 EX-31.2 CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER

Document 

Exhibit 31.2 
 CERTIFICATION 
 
 I, Tammy Romo, Executive Vice President & Chief Financial Officer of Southwest Airlines Co., certify that 
 
 1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022, of Southwest Airlines Co. 
 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 
 (a) designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 
 (b) designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be 
 designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 
 (c) evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 
 (d) disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 
 5. The registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 
 (a) all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 
 (b) any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. Date February 6, 2023 
 By s Tammy Romo Tammy Romo Executive Vice President & Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial & Accounting Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32>
 8
 luv-12312022xex32.htm
 EX-32 CERTIFICATION OF CEO AND CFO

Document 

Exhibit 32 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 
 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 In connection with the Annual Report on Form 10-K of Southwest Airlines Co. (the Company for the period ended December 31, 2022, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the Report ), Robert E. Jordan, President & Chief Executive Officer of the Company, and Tammy Romo, Executive Vice President & Chief Financial Officer of the Company, each certify pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that 
 
 (1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended and 
 
 (2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
 
 Date February 6, 2023 
 By s Robert E. Jordan Robert E. Jordan President & Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) 
 
 By s Tammy Romo Tammy Romo Executive Vice President & Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial & Accounting Officer) 

</EX-32>

<EX-101.SCH>
 9
 luv-20221231.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 10
 luv-20221231_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 11
 luv-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 12
 luv-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 13
 luv-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

