<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230227_10-K_edgar_data_354707_0000354707-23-000032.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>55962249</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>1096521</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>5082990</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>25566355</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>11727347</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>11348014</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>22</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0000354707-23-000032.hdr.sgml : 20230227
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230227140206
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0000354707-23-000032
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		171
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230227
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230227

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			HAWAIIAN ELECTRIC INDUSTRIES INC
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000354707
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	ELECTRIC SERVICES [4911]
		IRS NUMBER:				990208097
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			HI
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-08503
		FILM NUMBER:		23672950

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1001 BISHOP STREET, SUITE 2900
		CITY:			HONOLULU
		STATE:			HI
		ZIP:			96813
		BUSINESS PHONE:		8085435662

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		P.O. BOX 730
		CITY:			HONOLULU
		STATE:			HI
		ZIP:			96808-0730

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			HAWAIIAN ELECTRIC CO INC
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000046207
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	ELECTRIC SERVICES [4911]
		IRS NUMBER:				990040500
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			HI
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-04955
		FILM NUMBER:		23672951

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1099 ALAKEA STREET, SUITE 2200
		CITY:			HONOLULU
		STATE:			HI
		ZIP:			96813
		BUSINESS PHONE:		8085437771

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1099 ALAKEA STREET, SUITE 2200
		CITY:			HONOLULU
		STATE:			HI
		ZIP:			96813

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	HAWAIIAN ELECTRIC CO LTD
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19670212

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0000354707-23-000032.txt : 20230227

10-K
 1
 he-20221231.htm
 10-K

he-20221231 

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 Washington, D. C. 20549 
 FORM 
 
 ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE 
 SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the fiscal year ended , 2022 
 OR 
 TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF 
 THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 Exact Name of Registrant Commission I.R.S. Employer as Specified in Its Charter File Number Identification No. 
 State of 
 (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation) 
 , , , - Hawaiian Electric Industries, Inc. (HEI) 
 , , , - Hawaiian Electric Company, Inc. (Hawaiian Electric) 
 (Address of principal executive offices and zip code) 
 Registrant s telephone number, including area code: 
 ) - HEI 
 ) - Hawaiian Electric 
 Not applicable 
 (Former name or former address, if changed since last report.) 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 
 Registrant Title of each class Trading Symbol 
 Name of each exchange 
 on which registered 
 Hawaiian Electric Industries, Inc. 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: 
 Registrant Title of each class Hawaiian Electric Industries, Inc. None Hawaiian Electric Company, Inc. 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. 
 Hawaiian Electric Industries, Inc. No Hawaiian Electric Company, Inc. Yes 
 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. 
 Hawaiian Electric Industries, Inc. Yes Hawaiian Electric Company, Inc. Yes 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. 
 Hawaiian Electric Industries, Inc. No Hawaiian Electric Company, Inc. No 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). 
 Hawaiian Electric Industries, Inc. No Hawaiian Electric Company, Inc. No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer , smaller reporting company and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 
 Hawaiian Electric Industries, Inc.: Hawaiian Electric Company, Inc.: Smaller reporting company Large accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Accelerated filer Emerging growth company Accelerated filer Emerging growth company Non-accelerated filer 
 
 If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 Hawaiian Electric Industries, Inc. Yes No Hawaiian Electric Company, Inc. Yes No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 
 Hawaiian Electric Industries, Inc. Hawaiian Electric Company, Inc. 
 If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements . 
 Hawaiian Electric Industries, Inc. Hawaiian Electric Company, Inc. 
 Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant 
 to 240.10D-1(b). 
 Hawaiian Electric Industries, Inc. Hawaiian Electric Company, Inc. 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). 
 Hawaiian Electric Industries, Inc. Yes No Hawaiian Electric Company, Inc. Yes No 
 Aggregate market value of the voting and non-voting common equity held by non-affiliates of the registrants as of Number of shares of common stock 
 outstanding of the registrants as of 
 June 30, 2022 June 30, 2022 February 15, 2023 
 Hawaiian Electric Industries, Inc. (Without Par Value) 109,466,829 Hawaiian Electric Company, Inc. 6-2/3 Par Value) None 17,753,533 
 
 DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 
 
 This combined Form 10-K represents separate filings by Hawaiian Electric Industries, Inc. and Hawaiian Electric Company, Inc. Information contained herein relating to any individual registrant is filed by each registrant on its own behalf. Hawaiian Electric makes no representations as to any information not relating to it or its subsidiaries. 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 Page Glossary of Terms 
 ii 
 Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements 
 v 
 PART I 
 Item 1. 
 Business 
 1 
 Item 1A. 
 Risk Factors 
 20 
 Item 1B. 
 Unresolved Staff Comments 
 33 
 Item 2. 
 Properties 
 33 
 Item 3. 
 Legal Proceedings 
 33 
 Item 4. 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 34 
 Information About Our Executive Officers (HEI) 34 
 PART II 
 Item 5. 
 Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 35 
 Item 6. 
 [Reserved] 35 
 Item 7. 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 36 
 Item 7A. 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk 
 78 
 Item 8. 
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 81 
 Item 9. 
 Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 183 
 Item 9A. 
 Controls and Procedures 
 183 
 Item 9B. 
 Other Information 
 184 
 Item 9C 
 Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 184 
 PART III 
 Item 10. 
 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 184 
 Item 11. 
 Executive Compensation 
 185 
 Item 12. 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 186 
 Item 13. 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 186 
 Item 14. 
 Principal Accounting Fees and Services 
 187 
 PART IV 
 Item 15. 
 Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 
 187 
 Item 16. Form 10-K Summary 187 
 Signatures 
 199 

i 

GLOSSARY OF TERMS 
 Defined below are certain terms used in this report: 
 Terms Definitions ABOs Accumulated benefit obligations ACL Allowance for credit losses as determined under the credit loss standard (ASU No. 2016-13, adopted by the Company on January 1, 2020), which requires the measurement of lifetime expected credit losses for financial assets held at the reporting date (based on historical experience, current conditions and reasonable and supportable forecasts) AES Hawaii AES Hawaii, Inc. AFS Available-for-sale AFUDC Allowance for funds used during construction AOCI Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) APBO Accumulated postretirement benefit obligation ARA Annual revenue adjustment AROs Asset retirement obligations 
 ASB American Savings Bank, F.S.B., a wholly-owned subsidiary of ASB Hawaii Inc. 
 ASB Hawaii ASB Hawaii, Inc., a wholly-owned subsidiary of Hawaiian Electric Industries, Inc. and the parent company of American Savings Bank, F.S.B. ASC Accounting Standards Codification ASU Accounting Standards Update Btu British thermal unit CARES Act The Coronavirus Aid, Relief, and Economic Security Act enacted March 27, 2020 CBRE Community-based renewable energy CERCLA Comprehensive Environmental Response, Compensation and Liability Act Company When used in Hawaiian Electric Industries, Inc. sections and in the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements, Company refers to Hawaiian Electric Industries, Inc. and its direct and indirect subsidiaries, including, without limitation, Hawaiian Electric Company, Inc. and its subsidiaries (listed under Hawaiian Electric); ASB Hawaii, Inc. and its subsidiary, American Savings Bank, F.S.B.; and Pacific Current, LLC and its subsidiaries (listed under Pacific Current). The Old Oahu Tug Service, Inc. was dissolved in March 2022. When used in Hawaiian Electric Company, Inc. sections, Company refers to Hawaiian Electric Company, Inc. and its direct subsidiaries. 
 Consolidated Financial Statements HEI s or Hawaiian Electric s Consolidated Financial Statements, including notes, in Item 8 of this Form 10-K 
 Consumer Advocate Division of Consumer Advocacy, Department of Commerce and Consumer Affairs of the State of Hawaii 
 CSSM Collective Shared Savings Mechanism D O Decision and order from the PUC DBF State of Hawaii Department of Budget and Finance DER Distributed energy resources Dodd-Frank Act Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act of 2010 DOH State of Hawaii Department of Health DRIP HEI Dividend Reinvestment and Stock Purchase Plan ECAC Energy cost adjustment clause ECRC Energy cost recovery clause EIP 2010 Equity and Incentive Plan, as amended EPA Environmental Protection Agency - federal EPRM Exceptional Project Recovery Mechanism EPS Earnings per share ERISA Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended ERL Environmental Response Law of the State of Hawaii ERP/EAM Enterprise Resource Planning/Enterprise Asset Management ESG Environmental, Social Governance ESM Earnings Sharing Mechanism Exchange Act Securities Exchange Act of 1934 FASB Financial Accounting Standards Board 
 ii 

GLOSSARY OF TERMS (continued) 

 Terms Definitions FDIC Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation federal U.S. Government FERC Federal Energy Regulatory Commission FHLB Federal Home Loan Bank FICO Fair Isaac Corporation Fitch Fitch Ratings, Inc. FRB Federal Reserve Board GAAP Accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America GCOD Guaranteed commercial operation date GHG Greenhouse gas Gramm Act Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act of 1999 Hamakua Energy 
 Hamakua Energy, LLC, an indirect subsidiary of Pacific Current 
 Hawaii Electric Light Hawaii Electric Light Company, Inc., an electric utility subsidiary of Hawaiian Electric Company, Inc. 
 Hawaiian Electric 
 Hawaiian Electric Company, Inc., an electric utility subsidiary of Hawaiian Electric Industries, Inc. and parent company of Hawaii Electric Light Company, Inc., Maui Electric Company, Limited and Renewable Hawaii, Inc. Hawaiian Electric s MD A Hawaiian Electric Company, Inc. s Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations in Item 7 of this Form 10-K 
 HEI Hawaiian Electric Industries, Inc., direct parent company of Hawaiian Electric Company, Inc., ASB Hawaii, Inc. and Pacific Current, LLC. The Old Oahu Tug Service, Inc. was dissolved in March 2022. HEI s 2023 Proxy Statement Selected sections of Proxy Statement for the 2023 Annual Meeting of Shareholders of Hawaiian Electric Industries, Inc. to be filed after the date of this Form 10-K and not later than 120 days after December 31, 2022, which are incorporated in this Form 10-K by reference HEI s MD A Hawaiian Electric Industries, Inc. s Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations in Item 7 of this Form 10-K 
 HEIRSP Hawaiian Electric Industries Retirement Savings Plan HELOC Home equity line of credit HPOWER City and County of Honolulu with respect to a power purchase agreement for a refuse-fired plant HSFO High sulfur fuel oil HTM Held-to-maturity IPP Independent power producer Ka ie ie Waho Ka ie ie Waho Company, LLC, a subsidiary of Pacific Current 
 Kalaeloa Kalaeloa Partners, L.P. kW Kilowatt/s (as applicable) kWh Kilowatt-hour/s (as applicable) LSFO Low sulfur fuel oil LTIP Long-term incentive plan Mahipapa Mahipapa, LLC, a subsidiary of Pacific Current 
 Maui Electric Maui Electric Company, Limited, an electric utility subsidiary of Hawaiian Electric Company, Inc. 
 Mauo 
 Mauo, LLC, a subsidiary of Pacific Current 
 MBtu Million British thermal unit MD A Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 Moody s Moody s Investors Service s MPIR Major Project Interim Recovery MSR Mortgage servicing right MW Megawatt/s (as applicable) MWh Megawatt-hour/s (as applicable) NA Not applicable NEE NextEra Energy, Inc. NII Net interest income NPBC Net periodic benefits costs NPPC Net periodic pension costs O M Other operation and maintenance 
 iii 

GLOSSARY OF TERMS (continued) 

 Terms Definitions OCC Office of the Comptroller of the Currency OPEB Postretirement benefits other than pensions OTS Office of Thrift Supervision, Department of Treasury Pacific Current Pacific Current, LLC, a wholly owned subsidiary of HEI and parent company of Hamakua Holdings, LLC, Mauo, LLC, Alenuihaha Developments, LLC, Ka ie ie Waho Company, LLC, Ka aipua a, LLC, Upena, LLC and Mahipapa, LLC 
 PBO Projected benefit obligation PBR Performance-based regulation PCB Polychlorinated biphenyls PGV Puna Geothermal Venture PIMs Performance incentive mechanisms PPA Power purchase agreement PPAC Purchased power adjustment clause PUC Public Utilities Commission of the State of Hawaii PURPA Public Utility Regulatory Policies Act of 1978 PV Photovoltaic QF Qualifying Facility under the Public Utility Regulatory Policies Act of 1978 QTL Qualified Thrift Lender RAM Revenue adjustment mechanism RBA Revenue balancing account Registrant Each of Hawaiian Electric Industries, Inc. and Hawaiian Electric Company, Inc. RFP Request for proposals RHI Renewable Hawaii, Inc., a wholly-owned nonregulated subsidiary of Hawaiian Electric Company, Inc. ROACE Return on average common equity RORB Return on rate base RPS Renewable portfolio standards S P S P Global Ratings SEC Securities and Exchange Commission See Means the referenced material is incorporated by reference (or means refer to the referenced section in this document or the referenced exhibit or other document) 
 SLHCs Savings Loan Holding Companies Spin-Off The previously planned distribution to HEI shareholders of all of the common stock of ASB Hawaii immediately prior to the Merger, which was terminated SPRBs Special Purpose Revenue Bonds SSM Shared Savings Mechanism state State of Hawaii Tax Act 2017 Tax Cuts and Jobs Act (H.R. 1, An Act to provide for reconciliation pursuant to titles II and V of the concurrent resolution on the budget for fiscal year 2018) 
 TDR Troubled debt restructuring 
 ULSD Ultra-low sulfur diesel Utilities Hawaiian Electric Company, Inc., Hawaii Electric Light Company, Inc. and Maui Electric Company, Limited 
 VIE Variable interest entity 
 iv 

Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements 
 This report and other presentations made by Hawaiian Electric Industries, Inc. (HEI) and Hawaiian Electric Company, Inc. (Hawaiian Electric) and their subsidiaries contain forward-looking statements, which include statements that are predictive in nature, depend upon or refer to future events or conditions and usually include words such as will, expects, anticipates, intends, plans, believes, predicts, estimates or similar expressions. In addition, any statements concerning future financial performance, ongoing business strategies or prospects or possible future actions are also forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements are based on current expectations and projections about future events and are subject to risks, uncertainties and the accuracy of assumptions concerning HEI and its subsidiaries (collectively, the Company), the performance of the industries in which they do business and economic, political and market factors, among other things. These forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance and actual results and financial condition may differ materially from those indicated in the forward-looking statements. 
 Risks, uncertainties and other important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those described in forward-looking statements and from historical results include, but are not limited to, the following: 
 international, national and local economic and political conditions including the state of the Hawaii tourism, defense and construction industries; the strength or weakness of the Hawaii and continental U.S. real estate markets (including the fair value and/or the actual performance of collateral underlying loans held by ASB, which could result in higher loan loss provisions and write-offs); decisions concerning the extent of the presence of the federal government and military in Hawaii; the implications and potential impacts of future Federal government shutdowns, including the impact to our customers ability to pay their electric bills and/or bank loans and the impact on the state of Hawaii economy; the implications and potential impacts of U.S. and foreign capital and credit market conditions and federal, state and international responses to those conditions; the potential impacts of global and local developments (including global economic conditions and uncertainties, unrest, terrorist acts, wars, conflicts, political protests, deadly virus epidemic or other crisis); the effects of changes that have or may occur in U.S. policy, such as with respect to immigration and trade; and pandemics; 
 the ongoing impact of the COVID-19 pandemic, including any recurrence of the COVID-19 pandemic due to new variants and the potential reinstatement of related government orders and restrictions, and the resulting impact on our employees, customers and suppliers; 
 ability to adequately address risks and capitalize on opportunities related to our environmental, social and governance priority areas, which currently include decarbonization, economic health and affordability, reliability and resilience, secure digitalization, diversity, equity and inclusion, employee engagement, and climate-related risks and opportunities; 
 citizen activism, including civil unrest, especially in times of severe economic depression and social divisiveness, which could negatively impact customers and employees, impair the ability of the Company and the Utilities to operate and maintain their facilities in an effective and safe manner, and citizen or stakeholder activism that could delay the construction, increase project costs or preclude the completion of third-party or Utility projects that are required to meet electricity demand, resilience and reliability objectives and renewable portfolio standards (RPS) and other climate-related goals; 
 the effects of future actions or inaction of the U.S. government or related agencies, including those related to the U.S. debt ceiling or budget funding, monetary policy, trade policy and tariffs, energy and environmental policy, and other policy and regulatory changes advanced or proposed by President Biden and his administration; 
 weather, natural disasters (e.g., hurricanes, earthquakes, tsunamis, lightning strikes, lava flows and the increasing effects of climate change, such as more severe storms, flooding, droughts, heat waves, and rising sea levels) and wildfires, including their impact on the resilience and reliability and cost of the Company s and Utilities operations, collateral underlying ASB loans and the economy; 
 the timing, speed and extent of changes in interest rates and the shape of the yield curve, which could result in lower portfolio yields and net interest margin, or higher borrowing costs; 
 the ability of the Company and the Utilities to access the credit and capital markets (e.g., to obtain commercial paper and other short-term and long-term debt financing, including lines of credit, and, in the case of HEI, to issue common stock) under volatile and challenging market conditions, and the potential higher cost of such financings, if available; 
 the risks inherent in changes in the value of the Company s pension and other retirement plan assets and ASB s securities available for sale, and the risks inherent in changes in the value of the Company s pension liabilities, including changes driven by interest rates and mortality improvements; 
 changes in laws, regulations (including tax regulations), market conditions, interest rates and other factors that result in changes in assumptions used to calculate retirement benefits costs and funding requirements; 
 increasing competition in the banking industry from traditional financial institutions as well as from non-traditional providers of financial services, including financial service subsidiaries of commercial and manufacturing companies (e.g., increased price competition for loans and deposits, or an outflow of deposits to alternative investments or platforms, which may have an adverse impact on ASB s net interest margin and portfolio growth); 
 the potential delay by the Public Utilities Commission of the State of Hawaii (PUC) in considering (and potential disapproval of actual or proposed) renewable energy or resilience proposals, among others, and related costs; reliance by the Utilities on outside 
 v 

parties such as the state, independent power producers (IPPs) and developers; supply-chain challenges; and uncertainties surrounding technologies, solar power, wind power, biofuels, environmental assessments required to meet RPS and other climate-related goals; the impacts of implementation of the renewable energy and resilience proposals on future costs of electricity and potential penalties imposed by the PUC for delays in the commercial operations of renewable energy projects; 
 the ability of the Utilities to develop, implement and recover the costs of implementing the Utilities action plans included in their updated Power Supply Improvement Plans, Demand Response Portfolio Plan, Distributed Generation Interconnection Plan, Grid Modernization Plans, and business model changes, which have been and are continuing to be developed and updated in response to the orders issued by the PUC, the PUC s April 2014 statement of its inclinations on the future of Hawaii s electric utilities and the vision, business strategies and regulatory policy changes required to align the Utilities business model with customer interests and the state s public policy goals, and subsequent orders of the PUC; 
 the ability of the Utilities to recover undepreciated cost of fossil fuel generating units, if they are required to be retired before the end of their expected useful life; 
 capacity and supply constraints or difficulties, especially if generating units (utility-owned or IPP-owned) fail or measures such as demand-side management, distributed generation, combined heat and power or other firm capacity supply-side resources fall short of achieving their forecasted benefits or are otherwise insufficient to reduce or meet peak demand; 
 high and/or volatile fuel prices, which increases working capital requirements and customer bills, or delivery of adequate fuel by suppliers (including as a result of the Russia-Ukraine war), which could affect the reliability of utility operations, and the continued availability to the electric utilities of their energy cost recovery clauses (ECRCs); 
 the continued availability to the electric utilities or modifications of other cost recovery mechanisms, including the purchased power adjustment clauses (PPACs), annual revenue adjustment (ARA) and pension and postretirement benefits other than pensions (OPEB) tracking mechanisms, and the continued decoupling of revenues from sales to mitigate the effects of declining kilowatt-hour sales; 
 the ability of the Utilities to recover increasing costs and earn a reasonable return on capital investments not covered by the ARA, while providing the customer dividend required by performance-based regulation (PBR); 
 the impact from the PUC s implementation of PBR for the Utilities pursuant to Act 005, Session Laws 2018, including the potential addition of new performance incentive mechanisms (PIMs), third-party proposals adopted by the PUC in its implementation of PBR, and the implications of not achieving performance incentive goals; 
 the impact of fuel price levels and volatility on customer satisfaction and political and regulatory support for the Utilities; 
 unfavorable changes in economic conditions, such as sustained inflation, higher interest rates or recession, may negatively impact the ability of the Company s customers to pay their utility bills or loan payments, reduce loan production, and increase operating costs of the Utilities or Bank that cannot be passed on to, or recovered, from customers; 
 the risks associated with increasing reliance on renewable energy, including the availability and cost of non-fossil fuel supplies for renewable energy generation and the operational and related cost impacts of adding intermittent sources of renewable energy to the electric grid; 
 the growing risk that energy production from renewable generating resources may be curtailed and the interconnection of additional resources will be constrained as more generating resources are added to the Utilities electric systems and as customers reduce their energy usage; 
 the ability of IPPs to deliver the firm capacity anticipated in their power purchase agreements (PPAs); 
 the potential that, as IPP contracts near the end of their terms, there may be less economic incentive for the IPPs to make investments in their units to ensure the availability of their units; 
 the ability of the Utilities to negotiate, periodically, favorable agreements for significant resources such as fuel supply contracts and collective bargaining agreements and avoid or mitigate labor disputes and work stoppages; 
 new technological developments that could affect the operations and prospects of the Utilities and ASB or their competitors such as the commercial development of energy storage and microgrids and banking through alternative channels, including use of digital currencies, which could include a central bank digital currency; 
 cybersecurity risks and the potential for cyber incidents, including potential incidents at HEI, its subsidiaries (including at ASB branches and electric utility plants), its third-party service providers, contractors and customers with whom they have shared data (IPPs, distributed energy resources (DER) aggregators and customers enrolled under DER programs) and incidents at data processing centers used, to the extent not prevented by intrusion detection and prevention systems, anti-virus software, firewalls and other general IT controls; 
 failure to achieve remaining cost savings commitment related to the management audit committed savings of 33 million over the 2021 to 2025 multi-year rate period (MRP); 
 federal, state, county and international governmental and regulatory actions, such as existing, new and changes in laws, rules and regulations applicable to HEI, the Utilities and ASB (including changes in taxation and tax rates, increases in capital requirements, regulatory policy changes, environmental laws and regulations (including resulting compliance costs and risks of fines and penalties and/or liabilities), the regulation of greenhouse gas emissions, governmental fees and assessments (such as Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation assessments), and potential carbon pricing or cap and trade legislation that may fundamentally alter costs to produce electricity and accelerate the move to renewable generation); 
 vi 

developments in laws, regulations and policies governing protections for historic, archaeological and cultural sites, and plant and animal species and habitats, as well as developments in the implementation and enforcement of such laws, regulations and policies; 
 discovery of conditions that may be attributable to historical chemical releases, including any necessary investigation and remediation, and any associated enforcement, litigation or regulatory oversight; 
 decisions by the PUC in rate cases and other proceedings (including the risks of delays in the timing of decisions, adverse changes in final decisions from interim decisions and the disallowance of project costs as a result of adverse regulatory audit reports or otherwise); 
 decisions by the PUC and by other agencies and courts on land use, environmental and other permitting issues (such as required corrective actions, restrictions and penalties that may arise, such as with respect to environmental conditions or RPS); 
 potential enforcement actions by the Office of the Comptroller of the Currency (OCC), the Federal Reserve Board (FRB), the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation (FDIC) and/or other governmental authorities (such as consent orders, required corrective actions, restrictions and penalties that may arise, for example, with respect to compliance deficiencies under existing or new banking and consumer protection laws and regulations or with respect to capital adequacy); 
 the risks associated with the geographic concentration of HEI s businesses and ASB s loans, ASB s concentration in a single product type (i.e., first mortgages) and ASB s significant credit relationships (i.e., concentrations of large loans and/or credit lines with certain customers); 
 changes in accounting principles applicable to HEI and its subsidiaries, including the adoption of new U.S. accounting standards, the potential discontinuance of regulatory accounting related to PBR or other regulatory changes, the effects of potentially required consolidation of variable interest entities (VIEs), or required finance lease or on-balance-sheet operating lease accounting for PPAs with IPPs; 
 downgrades by securities rating agencies in their ratings of the securities of HEI and Hawaiian Electric and their impact on results of financing efforts; 
 faster than expected loan prepayments that can cause a decrease in net interest income and portfolio yields, an acceleration of the amortization of premiums on loans and investments and the impairment of mortgage-servicing assets of ASB; 
 changes in ASB s loan portfolio credit profile and asset quality and/or mix, which may increase or decrease the required level of provision for credit losses, allowance for credit losses (ACL) and charge-offs; 
 changes in ASB s deposit levels, cost or mix which may have an adverse impact on ASB s cost of funds; 
 unanticipated changes from the expected discontinuance of LIBOR and the transition to an alternative reference rate, which may include adverse impacts to the Company s cost of capital, loan portfolio and interest income on loans; 
 the final outcome of tax positions taken by HEI and its subsidiaries; 
 the risks of suffering losses and incurring liabilities that are uninsured (e.g., damages to the Utilities transmission and distribution system and losses from business interruption) or underinsured (e.g., losses not covered as a result of insurance deductibles or other exclusions or exceeding policy limits), and the risks associated with the operation of transmission and distribution assets and power generation facilities, including public and employee safety issues, and assets causing or contributing to wildfires; 
 the ability of the Company s non-regulated subsidiary, Pacific Current, LLC (Pacific Current), to achieve its performance and growth objectives, which in turn could affect its ability to service its non-recourse debt; 
 the Company s reliance on third parties and the risk of their non-performance, which has increased due to the impact from the COVID-19 pandemic supply chain issues; and 
 other risks or uncertainties described elsewhere in this report (e.g., Item 1A. Risk Factors) and in other reports previously and subsequently filed by HEI and/or Hawaiian Electric with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC). 
 Forward-looking statements speak only as of the date of the report, presentation or filing in which they are made. Except to the extent required by the federal securities laws, HEI, Hawaiian Electric, ASB, Pacific Current and their subsidiaries undertake no obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether written or oral and whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. 
 vii 

PART I 
 
 ITEM 1. BUSINESS 
 
 HEI Consolidated 
 HEI and subsidiaries and lines of business. HEI is a holding company with its subsidiaries principally engaged in electric utility, banking, and non-regulated renewable/sustainable infrastructure businesses operating in the State of Hawaii. As a holding company with no significant operations of its own, HEI s sources of funds are dividends or other distributions from its operating subsidiaries, borrowings, and sales of equity. The rights of HEI and its creditors and shareholders to participate in any distribution of the assets of any of HEI s subsidiaries are subject to the prior claims of the creditors and preferred shareholders of such subsidiary, except to the extent that claims of HEI in its capacity as a creditor are recognized as primary. The abilities of certain of HEI s subsidiaries to pay dividends or make other distributions to HEI are subject to contractual and regulatory restrictions (see Note 14 of the Consolidated Financial Statements). HEI is headquartered in Honolulu, Hawaii and has three reportable segments Electric utility, Bank, and Other. 
 Electric Utility . Hawaiian Electric and its operating utility subsidiaries, Hawaii Electric Light Company, Inc. (Hawaii Electric Light) and Maui Electric Company, Limited (Maui Electric), are regulated electric public utilities that provide essential electric service to approximately 95 of Hawaii s population through the operation of five separate grids that serve communities on the islands of Oahu, Hawaii, Maui, Lanai and Molokai. See also Electric utility section below. 
 Bank . ASB is one of the largest financial institutions in the State of Hawaii (based on total assets), with assets totaling approximately 9.5 billion as of December 31, 2022. ASB provides a wide array of banking and other financial services to Hawaii consumers and businesses. See also Bank section below. 
 Other . The Other segment is composed of HEI s corporate-level operating, general and administrative expenses and the results of Pacific Current, LLC (Pacific Current). Pacific Current was formed in September 2017 to focus on investing in non-regulated clean energy and sustainable infrastructure in the State of Hawaii to help reach the state s sustainability goals. See also Electric utility Hawaii Electric Light firm capacity PPAs section below and Note 2 of the Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information on Pacific Current activities. The Other segment also includes ASB Hawaii, Inc. (ASB Hawaii) (a holding company), which owns ASB. 
 Additional information . For additional information about HEI, see HEI s MD A, HEI s Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk and HEI s Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 The Company s website address is www.hei.com , where annual reports on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, current reports on Form 8-K and all amendments to those reports (last 10 years) are made available free of charge in the Investor Relations section as soon as reasonably practicable after such material is electronically filed with, or furnished to, the SEC (and available at the SEC s website at www.sec.gov). The information on the Company s website is not incorporated by reference in this annual report on Form 10-K unless, and except to the extent, specifically incorporated herein by reference. HEI and Hawaiian Electric intend to continue to use HEI s website as a means of disclosing additional information. Accordingly, investors should routinely monitor such portions of HEI s website, in addition to following HEI s, Hawaiian Electric s and ASB s press releases, SEC filings and public conference calls and webcasts. Investors may also wish to refer to the PUC website at dms.puc.hawaii.gov/dms in order to review documents filed with and issued by the PUC. No information at the PUC website is incorporated herein by reference, and the Company has no control over its accuracy or completeness. 
 Regulation. HEI and Hawaiian Electric are each holding companies within the meaning of the Public Utility Holding Company Act of 2005 and implementing regulations, which requires holding companies and their subsidiaries to grant the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission (FERC) access to books and records relating to FERC s jurisdictional rates. FERC granted HEI and Hawaiian Electric a waiver from its record retention, accounting and reporting requirements, effective May 2006. 
 HEI is subject to an agreement entered into with the PUC (the PUC Agreement) which, among other things, requires PUC approval of any change in control of HEI. The PUC Agreement also requires HEI to provide the PUC with periodic financial information and other reports concerning intercompany transactions and other matters. It also prohibits the electric utilities from loaning funds to HEI or its nonutility subsidiaries and from redeeming common stock of the electric utility subsidiaries without PUC approval. Further, the PUC could limit the ability of the electric utility subsidiaries to pay dividends on their common stock. See also Note 14 of the Consolidated Financial Statements and Electric utility Regulation below. 
 In October 2021, Pacific Current requested informal guidance from the PUC regarding application of the affiliate transaction requirements (ATRs) to certain investments. In response, in January 2022, the PUC issued guidance (Order No. 38186, Docket No. 2018-0065) providing that, if Pacific Current acquires or invests in an unaffiliated entity that has been awarded a power purchase agreement with the Utilities through the Stage 1 or 2 Request for proposals (RFPs), such entity 
 1 

would become an Affiliate or Affiliate-Related Entity under the ATRs, and any wholesale power transactions between the entity and the Utilities, including under the awarded power purchase agreement, would require PUC review and approval. Such a requirement may impact Pacific Current s competitiveness in acquiring and investing in new utility-scale projects in the Utilities service territory and thereby impact the pace and extent of Pacific Current s growth. As a result of the D O, Pacific Current intends to focus its future growth activities on projects not subject to a power purchase agreement with the Utilities or projects outside of the Utilities service territory. 
 
 HEI and ASB Hawaii are subject to Federal Reserve Board (FRB) regulation, supervision and reporting requirements as savings and loan holding companies. As a result of the enactment of the Dodd-Frank Act, supervision and regulation of HEI and ASB Hawaii, as thrift holding companies, moved to the FRB, and supervision and regulation of ASB, as a federally chartered savings bank, moved to the Office of the Comptroller of the Currency (OCC) in July 2011. In the event the OCC has reasonable cause to believe that any activity of HEI or ASB Hawaii constitutes a serious risk to the financial safety, soundness or stability of ASB, the OCC is authorized to impose certain restrictions on HEI, ASB Hawaii and/or any of their subsidiaries. Possible restrictions include precluding or limiting: (i) the payment of dividends by ASB; (ii) transactions between ASB, HEI or ASB Hawaii, and their subsidiaries or affiliates; and (iii) any activities of ASB that might expose ASB to the liabilities of HEI and/or ASB Hawaii and their other affiliates. See also Note 14 of the Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 The Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act of 1999 (Gramm Act) permitted banks, insurance companies and investment firms to compete directly against each other, thereby allowing one-stop shopping for an array of financial services. Although the Gramm Act further restricted the creation of so-called unitary savings and loan holding companies (i.e., companies such as HEI whose subsidiaries include one or more savings associations and one or more nonfinancial subsidiaries), the unitary savings and loan holding company relationship among HEI, ASB Hawaii and ASB is grandfathered under the Gramm Act so that HEI and its subsidiaries will be able to continue to engage in their current activities so long as ASB maintains its qualified thrift lender (QTL) status test discussed under Bank Regulation Qualified thrift lender test. ASB met the QTL test at all times during 2022; however, the failure of ASB to satisfy the QTL test in the future could result in a need for HEI to divest ASB. Under the Gramm Act, any proposed sale of ASB would have to satisfy applicable statutory and regulatory requirements and potential acquirers of ASB would most likely be limited to companies that are already qualified as, or capable of qualifying as, either a traditional savings and loan association holding company or a bank holding company, or as one of the authorized financial holding companies permitted under the Gramm Act. 
 HEI is also affected by provisions of the Dodd-Frank Act relating to corporate governance and executive compensation, including provisions requiring shareholder say on pay and say on pay frequency votes, mandating additional disclosures concerning executive compensation and compensation consultants and advisors and further restricting proxy voting by brokers in the absence of instructions. See Bank Legislation and regulation in HEI s MD A for a discussion of effects of the Dodd-Frank Act on HEI and ASB. 
 Environmental regulation . HEI and its subsidiaries are subject to federal and state statutes and governmental regulations pertaining to water quality, air quality and other environmental factors. See the Environmental regulation discussions in the Electric utility and Bank sections below, and Note 1 of the Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 Human Capital Resources. 
 Employees . The Company had total and full-time employees as follows: 
 December 31 2022 2021 2020 Total Full-time Total Full-time Total Full-time employees employees employees employees employees employees HEI and Pacific Current 79 79 49 49 49 49 Hawaiian Electric and its subsidiaries 2,605 2,511 2,504 2,469 2,636 2,579 ASB 1,072 1,050 1,096 1,079 1,084 1,064 3,756 3,640 3,649 3,597 3,769 3,692 
 The increase in employees from 2021 is related to Pacific Current s acquisition of a closed-loop biomass plant in 2022. 
 The employees of HEI and its direct and indirect subsidiaries, other than the electric utilities, are not covered by any collective bargaining agreement. The International Brotherhood of Electrical Workers Local 1260 represents roughly half of the Utilities workforce covered by a collective bargaining agreement that expires on October 31, 2024. 
 Diversity inclusion . Diversity and inclusion are essential to the continued success of the Company. The Company values 
 gender, religious beliefs, race, marital status, ethnicity, parental status, age, education, physical and mental ability, income, sexual orientation, occupation, language, geographic location, and many more components, and believes that an inclusive and collaborative culture produces excellent performance and innovation and helps guide the Company s decision-making and its 
 2 

ability to meet its customers and community s needs. Additionally, because the Company s businesses operate exclusively in Hawaii, which is one of the most racially diverse states in the U.S., the Company believes it is important that its workforce reflects this diversity. The diversity information that follows is based on total employees, including employees on long-term leave, part-time employees and temporary employees. 
 Diversity representation 
 HEI 5 
 Hawaiian Electric ASB Female Racially diverse 1 
 Female Racially diverse 1 
 Female Racially diverse 1 
 Executives 2 
 40.0 70.0 37.5 56.3 40.0 80.0 Leaders 3 
 77.8 100.0 28.9 85.0 64.9 84.6 All workforce 4 
 60.0 88.8 28.8 89.9 65.1 88.9 
 1 Racially diverse defined as all races/ethnicities that are not White (as defined by the EEO-1 categories) 
 2 Executives includes EE0-1 category 1.1-Executive/Sr. Level Officials 
 3 Leaders includes EE0-1 category 1.2-First/Mid-Level Officials 
 4 All Workforce includes EE0-1 categories 1.1-Executive/Sr. Level Officials, 1.2-First/ Mid-Level Officials, 2-Professionals, 3-Technicians, 4-Sales Workers, 5-Administrative Support Workers, 6-Craft Workers, 7-Operatives, 8-Laborers and Helpers, 9-Service Workers 
 5 Includes Pacific Current employees, but excludes new employees related to the acquisition of a closed-loop biomass plant in 2022 for which complete employee information was not available 
 Racial composition Diversity-All workforce Hawaii 1 
 HEI 2 
 Hawaiian Electric ASB White 20.8 12.0 10.1 11.1 Asian 36.5 66.0 51.1 60.1 Black 1.8 0.0 0.6 0.8 Hispanic 11.1 0.0 4.2 5.1 Native Hawaiian or other Pacific Islander 9.6 6.0 12.4 13.8 American Indian or Alaska Native 0.1 2.0 0.3 0.2 Two or more races 19.8 14.0 21.3 8.9 
 1 Source: 2021 U.S. Census Bureau American Community Survey 1-Year Estimate 
 2 Includes Pacific Current employees, but excludes new employees related to the acquisition of a closed-loop biomass plant in 2022 for which complete employee information was not available 
 
 Employee development training . In order to meet the changing demands of the industries in which the Company operates, address the needs of the Company s stakeholders, attract, engage and retain talented employees, and design and carry out the Company s strategies, it is crucial for the Company s workforce to be highly skilled in their areas of focus and be able to adapt and evolve over time. As such, the Company invests in specific skill enhancement training as well as industry and leadership development programs. 
 Hawaiian Electric . Hawaiian Electric offers Hawaiian Electric and HEI holding company employees skills and professional training programs, including leadership development courses, employee development courses, technical training, apprenticeship programs, operational, environmental compliance, cybersecurity awareness and required safety training. Hawaiian Electric also offers tailored leadership development programs, including supervisor training to transition new supervisors to critical operational, administrative, and leadership roles as well as leadership and employee assessments geared to improve productivity and effectiveness in the workplace. Leadership development metrics are included in executive and management incentive plans. Learning and development initiatives are integrated with annual performance evaluations to reinforce development as integral parts of individual performance goals. Annual succession planning ensures the identification and development of successors, high potential individuals, and nurtures a leadership pipeline. 
 ASB . ASB invests in continuous training and development of its employees. Curriculum includes technical banker training programs that cover all aspects of banking laws, banking operations, new product and service offerings, legal and regulatory compliance and company procedures and ethics. The Bank delivers company-wide financial education, empowering its employees to make wise personal decisions to help meet their financial goals and provide valuable customer guidance. ASB offers opportunities for all employees to grow and build their careers, through a multitude of professional training and leadership sessions, including Communicating with Confidence, Managing Conflict, Diversity and Inclusion, and Respect in the Workplace. ASB further invests in leadership development through their leadership cohort programs, designed to help employees grow professionally and personally, enhance their leadership skills, and broaden their understanding of the banking industry. These include an 8-week personal leadership program for individual contributors or aspiring managers, a 6-month development experience for mid-level managers, and Leadership Academy, a robust 12-15 month program for well-established 
 3 

leaders. Offerings are delivered in online, instructor-led, and on-the-job learning formats. ASB s focus on meaningful growth and development opportunities positions the Bank to recruit and retain top talent. 
 Safety and health . As a key priority, the Company strives to create workplace environments where employees feel physically and emotionally safe. For the Utility, safety is of paramount importance due to the inherent risks involved in certain aspects of its operations and the critical importance to the State of Hawaii of maintaining the electrical grid. During the COVID-19 pandemic, the Company has continued to modify its operations and policies to align with guidance from the Centers of Disease Control and Prevention and the State of Hawaii Department of Health (DOH). The Company also monitors the rates of infection within the state and makes adjustments, accordingly, to limit the risk of transmission in the workplace and ensure the health of the Company s employees. 
 Hawaiian Electric . Hawaiian Electric is committed to maintaining a strong safety culture. Due to the nature of its operations, safety is of paramount importance. Management strives to provide visible leadership and strategic direction for the health and safety management system and programs in their area of responsibility. This leadership and direction help to build and maintain a strong safety culture and drive safety improvement, allocates adequate resources to enable implementation of safety programs and holds leaders accountable for the implementation of safety programs and resulting health and safety performance. Executive compensation is tied to achievement of quantified severity and total case incident rate targets (TCIR). These targets reward improvements in workplace safety, promote employee well-being, and help reduce expenses over time. Hawaiian Electric promotes a safety culture that aims for zero incidents through all employees taking ownership of safety for themselves, their co-workers, contractors, and the public. More information on such targets is available in HEI s annual proxy statement. Hawaiian Electric also provides a variety of programs and benefits that support employee physical, financial and emotional well-being. These programs include access to fitness and yoga classes, online corporate wellness activities and education, gym and group fitness discounts, and financial well-being classes. 
 ASB . ASB is committed to supporting the continued health and safety of its employees through a wellness program which takes a holistic approach to improving the health and well-being of its employees by focusing on all aspects of wellness including nutrition, fitness, mindfulness and finances. ASB also encourages participation in the program through various physical challenges and community charity walks. ASB also offers outdoor and virtual fitness classes, including high intensity interval training and yoga. ASB s employees can also participate in a program which allows employees to enjoy national fitness center chains or workout in their homes at a reduced price. To further support ASB s employees well-being, ASB rewards everyone who completes an annual preventative health screening with a Wellness Holiday, offers a robust employee assistance program, and provides many family friendly benefits, including generous and gender-neutral parental leave. 
 
 Workforce Stability . The Company s employees are its greatest asset and the Company strives to create a highly desirable place to work. 
 Hawaiian Electric . Hawaiian Electric seeks to provide compensation and benefits that are comprehensive, market-competitive, and internally equitable to attract, engage, and retain highly skilled employees. Hawaiian Electric believes that employee engagement is key to creating a desirable, inclusive, rewarding place to work and conducts employee engagement surveys on a regular cycle, and, more recently, change management surveys to assess and support the organizations adaptability to change. Hawaiian Electric is expanding its strategic workforce planning initiative to build its workforce to support future transformation plans. 
 ASB . ASB seeks to attract, develop, and retain high performers who not only excel at their jobs but who also align with ASB s priorities and objectives. ASB strives to provide competitive pay and benefits and an award-winning culture that attracts top talent. ASB regularly conducts anonymous employee surveys to gather feedback on their work experience. Topics covered include confidence in company leadership, career growth opportunities, diversity and inclusion, and suggestions on how to create a great place to work. Survey results are shared with leaders, who prioritize actions and activities in response to feedback to drive meaningful improvements in employee engagement. ASB s talent management process is integrated into its business process and its human capital management strategy is part of its business strategy. ASB s investment in creating a great place to work and innovative, inclusive programs have resulted in it being recognized both locally and nationally for its workplace culture. 
 Properties. HEI leases office space from nonaffiliated lessors in downtown Honolulu under leases that expire in December 2027. See Electric Utility and Bank sections for a description of properties they own and lease. 
 Hamakua Energy, LLC (Hamakua Energy), an indirect wholly owned subsidiary of Pacific Current, which is included in the Other segment, owns a 60-MW dual-train combined-cycle facility and a total of approximately 93 acres located on the Hamakua coast on the island of Hawaii. Its power plant is situated on approximately 59 acres and the remaining 34 acres includes surrounding parcels of which 30 acres are located on the ocean front. Ka ie ie Waho Company, LLC (Ka ie ie Waho), a wholly owned subsidiary of Pacific Current, owns a 6-MW solar photovoltaic facility located on approximately 20 acres on the 
 4 

southern coast of the island of Kauai. Mahipapa, LLC (Mahipapa , a wholly owned subsidiary of Pacific Current, owns a 7.5- MW biomass facility located on approximately 65 acres of land and leases 3,500 acres on the island of Kauai. 
 
 Electric utility 
 Hawaiian Electric and subsidiaries and service areas. Hawaiian Electric, Hawaii Electric Light and Maui Electric (Utilities) are regulated operating electric public utilities engaged in the production, purchase, transmission, distribution and sale of electricity on the islands of Oahu; Hawaii; and Maui, Lanai and Molokai, respectively. 
 In 2022, the electric utilities revenues and net income amounted to approximately 91 and 78 respectively, of HEI s consolidated revenues and net income, compared to approximately 89 and 72 in 2021 and approximately 88 and 86 in 2020, respectively. 
 The islands of Oahu, Hawaii, Maui, Lanai and Molokai have a combined population estimated at 1.4 million, or approximately 95 of the total population of the State of Hawaii, and comprise a service area of 5,815 square miles. The principal communities served include Honolulu (on Oahu), Hilo and Kona (on Hawaii) and Wailuku and Kahului (on Maui). The service areas also include numerous suburban communities, resorts, U.S. Armed Forces installations and agricultural operations. In November 2020, the PUC approved Hawaiian Electric s acquisition of the electric distribution systems serving 12 U.S. Army installations on Oahu, including Schofield Barracks, Wheeler Army Airfield, Tripler Army Medical Center, Fort Shafter and Army housing areas. 
 The state has granted Hawaiian Electric, Hawaii Electric Light and Maui Electric nonexclusive franchises, which authorize the Utilities to construct, operate and maintain facilities over and under public streets and sidewalks. Each of these franchises will continue in effect for an indefinite period of time until forfeited, altered, amended or repealed. 
 Climate change action plan. The Utilities have set an aggressive goal to cut carbon emissions from power generation 70 by 2030, compared with 2005 levels. The emissions covered by this goal include stack emissions from generation owned by Hawaiian Electric and independent power producers (IPPs) who sell electricity to the Utilities. In addition, the Utilities have committed to achieving net zero carbon emissions from power generation by 2045 or sooner. These commitments are aligned with the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change recommendation of no more than 1.5 C average global warming to avoid potentially devastating climate events. 
 Key elements of the 2030 plan to reduce emissions include: 
 The closing of the state s last coal plant, which occurred in September 2022 upon expiry of the PPA 
 Adding nearly 50,000 rooftop solar systems, more than a 50 increase, compared to the approximately 90,000 systems online in 2021 when the Climate Change action plan was developed 
 Retiring at least six fossil-fueled generating units and significantly reducing the use of others as new renewable resources come online 
 Adding additional renewable energy projects capable of generating a total of at least 1 gigawatt beyond resources in place in 2021, including shared solar (community-based renewable energy) 
 Using more grid-scale and customer-owned energy storage 
 Expanding geothermal resources 
 Creating innovative programs that provide customers incentives for using clean, lower-cost energy at certain times of the day and using less fossil-fueled energy at night 
 
 By 2030, Hawaiian Electric s renewable portfolio standard is expected to exceed 70 , with renewable resources available to provide close to 100 of the electricity generated on Hawaii Island and in Maui County. Achieving the 70 carbon emissions reduction by 2030 is highly dependent on the successful completion of renewable IPP projects under Phase 1, Phase 2, Phase 3 and other RFPs. 
 After 2030, progress on elimination of carbon from power generation assumes continued use of proven resources, including wind, solar, geothermal, hydroelectric, biofuels and energy storage, along with the development of new technologies. Those technologies may include offshore wind, green hydrogen, wave energy and carbon-capture all currently under development around the world as well as other solutions that will emerge. A diverse portfolio of resources will also enhance resilience to climate-related events. 
 
 5 

Sales of electricity. 
 Years ended December 31 2022 2021 2020 (dollars in thousands) Customer accounts Electric sales revenues Customer accounts Electric sales revenues Customer accounts Electric sales revenues Hawaiian Electric 306,978 2,422,232 308,721 1,772,183 307,378 1,592,463 Hawaii Electric Light 88,757 479,566 88,103 375,775 87,357 329,195 Maui Electric 73,933 464,823 73,788 359,648 73,304 317,872 469,668 3,366,621 470,612 2,507,606 468,039 2,239,530 
 As of December 31. 
 Regulatory mechanisms . Base electric rates are set in rate cases, and on April 29, 2020, the PUC issued an order terminating the mandatory triennial rate case cycle in anticipation of the performance-based regulation framework (PBR Framework). The regulatory framework in effect in 2020 included a number of mechanisms designed to provide utility financial stability during the transition toward the state s 100 renewable energy goals. For example, under the sales decoupling mechanism, the Utilities are allowed to recover from customers, target test year revenues, independent of the level of kilowatt-hour (kWh) sales. The decoupling mechanism (i.e., the Revenue Balancing Account) continues under the PBR Framework. 
 On December 23, 2020, the PUC issued a D O in Phase 2 of the PBR proceeding, establishing the PBR Framework for the Utilities. The PBR Framework includes, among other matters, a five-year multi-year rate plan with an index-driven annual revenue adjustment (ARA), which replaces the RAM, modification of the MPIR mechanism (renamed Exceptional Project Recovery Mechanism (EPRM)) to include deferred and operation and maintenance (O M) expense projects and to permit the Utilities to include the full amount of approved costs in the EPRM for recovery in the first year the project goes into service, pro-rated for the portion of the year the project is in service, and continuation of (i) the revenue balancing account, (ii) the pension and other postretirement benefit tracking mechanisms, and (iii) energy cost recovery clause, purchased power adjustment clause, and other recovery mechanisms. See Commitments and contingencies-Regulatory proceedings-Performance-based regulation framework in Note 3 of the Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 6 

A summary of these regulatory mechanisms, most of which have been either maintained, modified, or approved under PBR as noted, is as follows: 
 Mechanism Description PBR Framework (effective June 2021) Sales decoupling Provides predictable revenue stream by fixing net revenues at the level approved in last rate case (revenues not linked to kWh sales). Maintained under PBR. Annual Revenue Adjustment (ARA) Annually adjusts revenue levels during a Multi-Year Rate Period, determined by formula which includes an inflation factor, a predetermined productivity adjustment (currently set at zero), adjustments for exceptional circumstances not in the Utilities control and a customer dividend. Replaced the Revenue Adjustment Mechanism (RAM) effective June 1, 2021. The transition to the ARA includes the continuation of the 2020 RAM revenue adjustment. Exceptional Project Recovery Mechanism (EPRM) Reduces regulatory lag and permits recovery of revenues for net costs of approved eligible projects placed in service during the Multi-Year Rate Period through the revenue balancing account (RBA) that is not provided for by other effective tariffs, the ARA, Performance Incentive Mechanism (PIMS) or Shared Savings Mechanisms (SSMs). 
 Formerly known as the Major Project Interim Recovery (MPIR) adjustment mechanism. The EPRM was modified to include recovery of both capital and O M expenses and to permit the Utilities to include the full amount of approved costs for recovery in the first year that projects are placed into service, pro-rated for the portion of the year that projects are in service. Energy cost recovery clause (ECRC) and purchased power adjustment clause (PPAC) Allows for timely recovery of fuel and purchased power costs to reduce earnings volatility. Symmetrical fossil fuel cost risk-sharing (98 customer/2 utility) mechanism established for Hawaiian Electric, Hawaii Electric Light and Maui Electric capped at 2.5 million, 0.6 million and 0.6 million annually, respectively. Maintained under PBR. Performance incentive mechanism (PIM) / Shared Savings Mechanism (SSM) Annually adjusts revenue to recover from or credit customers for specific areas of the Utilities performance measured against the PUC s approved targets. Maintained under PBR with a portfolio of SSMs and new PIMs added to encourage acceleration in renewables, grid services, interconnection of DERs, low-to-moderate income energy efficiency, advanced metering infrastructure, generation-based reliability (penalties only), interconnection of utility scale renewable projects, and cost control of non-ARA costs and allows for financial rewards for exemplary performance. Pension and other post-employment benefit trackers Allow tracking of pension and other post-employment benefit costs and contributions above or below the cost included in rates in a separate regulatory asset/liability account. Maintained under PBR. Renewable energy infrastructure program Permits recovery of renewable energy infrastructure projects through a surcharge. Maintained under PBR. Expedited Pilot Process Fosters innovation by establishing an expedited implementation process for pilots that test new technologies, programs, business models and other arrangements. Proposed pilots are subject to PUC approval with a total annual cap of 10 million. 
 Approved under PBR to allow for timely cost recovery of annual expenditures of approved pilot projects through an adjustment to target revenues. 
 Earnings Sharing Mechanism (ESM) Protects the Utilities and customers from excessive earnings or losses, as measured by the Utilities achieved rate making ROACE. 
 Maintained under PBR, adjusted to reflect a symmetrical ESM for achieved rate making ROACE outside of a 300 basis points dead band above or below the current authorized ROACE of 9.5 for each of the Utilities. 
 
 Seasonality . kWh sales of the Utilities follow a seasonal pattern, but they do not experience extreme seasonal variations experienced by some electric utilities on the U.S. mainland. In Hawaii, kWh sales tend to increase in the warmer, more humid months as a result of increased demand for air conditioning, and with cloudy and rainy weather due to lower production by privately owned customer photovoltaic (PV) systems. In 2022, kWh sales increased compared to the prior year due to the easing of remaining pandemic related restrictions and increased domestic travel to Hawaii, which in turn increased the demand for electricity. 
 Significant customers . The Utilities derived approximately 12 , 11 and 11 of their operating revenues in 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively from the sale of electricity to various federal government agencies. Hawaiian Electric continues to work with various federal agencies to implement measures that will help them achieve their energy efficiency, resilience and clean energy objectives. 
 7 

Selected consolidated electric utility operating statistics. 
 Years ended December 31 2022 2021 2020 2019 2018 MWh sales (thousands) Residential 2,415.2 2,491.6 2,525.4 2,439.3 2,410.8 Commercial 2,628.8 2,572.5 2,456.0 2,793.0 2,810.8 Industrial 3,295.7 3,174.3 3,118.0 3,467.2 3,425.1 Other 14.3 22.7 20.8 40.5 42.1 8,354.0 8,261.1 8,120.2 8,740.0 8,688.8 MWh net generated and purchased (thousands) Net generated 5,011.9 4,501.0 4,629.2 4,972.7 4,966.4 Purchased 3,750.4 4,153.7 3,896.2 4,168.6 4,139.3 8,762.3 8,654.7 8,525.4 9,141.3 9,105.7 MWh customer-sited solar (thousands) 1,522.4 1,418.0 1,325.8 1,224.6 948.4 RPS ) 1 
 31.8 38.4 34.5 28.4 26.7 Losses and system uses ) 4.4 4.3 4.5 4.2 4.4 Energy supply (December 31) Net generating capability MW 1,738 1,738 1,737 1,737 1,739 Firm and other purchased capability MW 2 
 362 540 517 517 517 2,100 2,278 2,254 2,254 2,256 Net peak demand MW 3 
 1,467 1,471 1,471 1,601 1,598 Btu per net kWh generated 10,941 10,988 10,834 10,860 10,826 Average fuel oil cost per MBtu (cents) 2,310.9 1,305.4 1,028.7 1,337.6 1,420.2 Customer accounts (December 31) Residential 413,744 414,713 412,484 409,689 407,505 Commercial 54,416 54,373 54,035 54,233 54,075 Industrial 696 698 694 700 696 Other 812 828 826 844 813 469,668 470,612 468,039 465,466 463,089 Electric revenues (thousands) Residential 1,069,974 843,655 770,135 791,398 788,028 Commercial 1,077,521 802,878 708,180 829,000 843,326 Industrial 1,211,242 853,293 754,775 884,722 882,443 Other 7,884 7,780 6,440 11,915 12,410 3,366,621 2,507,606 2,239,530 2,517,035 2,526,207 Average revenue per kWh sold (cents) 40.30 30.35 27.58 28.80 29.07 Residential 44.30 33.86 30.50 32.44 32.69 Commercial 40.99 31.21 28.83 29.68 30.00 Industrial 36.75 26.88 24.21 25.52 25.76 Other 55.24 34.19 31.01 29.39 29.47 Residential statistics Average annual use per customer account (kWh) 5,821 6,022 6,145 5,967 5,923 Average annual revenue per customer account 2,579 2,039 1,874 1,936 1,936 Average number of customer accounts 414,910 413,725 410,973 408,768 407,044 
 1. In July 2022, Governor Ige signed Act 240 (H.B.2089), which amended the RPS calculation from renewable energy as a percentage of sales to renewable energy as a percentage of total generation. The amended RPS calculation results in a lower calculated percentage than the amount calculated under the previous methodology. 
 2 Puna Geothermal Venture (PGV) with 34.6 MW of firm capacity went offline due to lava flow on Hawaii Island since May 2018, but returned to service with firm capacity of 13 MW in the first quarter of 2021 and ramped up to 25.7 MW in the second quarter of 2022 and continued to provide 25.7 MW for the remainder of 2022. 
 3 Sum of the net peak demands on all islands served, noncoincident and nonintegrated. 
 8 

Generation statistics. The following table contains certain generation statistics as of and for the year ended December 31, 2022. The net generating and firm purchased capability available for operation at any given time may be more or less than shown because of capability restrictions or temporary outages for inspection, maintenance, repairs or unforeseen circumstances. 
 Hawaiian Electric Hawaii Electric Light Maui Electric Island of Oahu Island of Hawaii Island of Maui Island of Lanai Island of Molokai Total Net generating and firm purchased capability (MW) as of December 31, 2022 1 
 Conventional oil-fired steam units 999.5 50.1 35.9 1,085.5 Diesel internal combustion engine 29.5 96.8 9.4 9.8 145.5 Simple-cycle combustion turbines 230.8 46.3 2.2 279.3 Dual train combined-cycle unit 56.3 113.6 169.9 Biodiesel internal combustion engine 57.4 57.4 Firm contract power 2 
 276.5 85.7 362.2 1,564.2 267.9 246.3 9.4 12.0 2,099.8 Net peak demand (MW) 3 
 1,072.0 187.7 195.1 6.0 5.8 1,466.6 Reserve margin 45.2 42.7 29.5 56.7 107.1 43.2 Annual load factor 69.2 68.2 63.1 69.2 62.4 68.2 MWh net generated and purchased (thousands) 6,495.2 1,121.1 1,077.9 36.4 31.7 8,762.3 
 1 Hawaiian Electric units at normal ratings; Hawaii Electric Light and Maui Electric units at reserve ratings. 
 2 Nonutility generators - Hawaiian Electric: 208 MW (Kalaeloa Partners, L.P., oil-fired) and 68.5 MW (HPOWER, refuse-fired); Hawaii Electric Light: 60 MW (Hamakua Energy, oil-fired). Hawaii Electric Light also has a firm capacity PPA with PGV for 34.6 MW that went offline due to lava flow on Hawaii Island since May 2018, but returned to service with firm capacity of 13 MW in the first quarter of 2021 and ramped up to 25.7 MW in the second quarter of 2022. PGV s capability of 25.7 MW has been incorporated into the utility s firm contract power capability as of December 31, 2022. 
 3 Noncoincident and nonintegrated. 
 
 Generating reliability and reserve margin. Hawaiian Electric serves the island of Oahu and Hawaii Electric Light serves the island of Hawaii. Maui Electric has three separate electrical systems one each on the islands of Maui, Molokai and Lanai. Hawaiian Electric, Hawaii Electric Light and Maui Electric have isolated electrical systems that are not currently interconnected to each other or to any other electrical grid and, thus, each maintains a higher level of reserve generation and cost structure than is typically carried by interconnected mainland U.S. utilities, which are able to share reserve capacity. These higher levels of reserve margins are required to meet peak electric demands, to provide for scheduled maintenance of generating units (including the units operated by IPPs relied upon for firm capacity) and to allow for the forced outage of the largest generating unit in the system. 
 Nonutility generation. The Utilities have supported state and federal energy policies which encourage the development of renewable energy sources that reduce the use of fuel oil as well as the development of qualifying facilities. The Utilities renewable energy sources and potential sources range from wind, solar, photovoltaic, geothermal, wave and hydroelectric power to energy produced by municipal waste and other biofuels. 
 The rate schedules of the electric utilities contain ECRCs and PPACs that allow them to recover costs of fuel and purchase power expenses. 
 In addition to the firm capacity PPAs described below, the electric utilities also purchase energy on an as-available basis directly from nonutility generators and through its Feed-In Tariff programs, as well as through a new renewable dispatchable generation power purchase agreement. The electric utilities also receive renewable energy from customers under its Net Energy Metering and Customer Grid Supply programs. 
 The PUC has allowed rate recovery for the firm capacity and purchased energy costs for the electric utilities approved firm capacity and as-available energy PPAs. 
 Hawaiian Electric firm capacity PPAs . Hawaiian Electric currently has two major PPAs that provide a total of 276.5 MW of firm capacity, representing 18 of Hawaiian Electric s total net generating and firm purchased capacity on the Island of Oahu as of December 31, 2022. 
 9 

Under a 1988 PPA, as amended, Hawaiian Electric is committed to purchase 208 MW of firm capacity from Kalaeloa Partners, L.P. (Kalaeloa). The Kalaeloa facility, which is a Qualifying Facility (QF), is a combined-cycle operation, consisting of two oil-fired combustion turbines burning low sulfur fuel oil (LSFO) and a steam turbine that utilizes waste heat from the combustion turbines. The PPA term ended on May 23, 2016 and was extended while the parties were in negotiations for a new agreement. The parties executed an Amended and Restated Power Purchase Agreement (ARPPA) on October 29, 2021, which among other provisions extends the term for ten contract years after the effective date. The ARPPA was approved on November 23, 2022. The parties executed a letter agreement to establish that the rates under the ARPPA became effective on January 1, 2023. 
 Hawaiian Electric also entered into a PPA in March 1986 and a firm capacity amendment in April 1991 with the City and County of Honolulu with respect to a refuse-fired plant (HPOWER). Under the PPA, as amended and restated, Hawaiian Electric is committed to purchase 68.5 MW of firm capacity annually up until the PPA expires on April 2, 2033. 
 Hawaiian Electric formerly entered into a PPA with AES Hawaii, Inc. (AES Hawaii), a Hawaii-based, indirect subsidiary of The AES Corporation. The PPA, under which AES Hawaii provided 180 MW of firm capacity from its coal-fired cogeneration plant, expired on September 1, 2022 and was not renewed. The shutdown of the AES Hawaii coal plant represents the end of coal use for power generation in Hawaii. See Commitments and contingencies Power purchase agreements AES Hawaii, Inc. in Note 3 of the Consolidated Financial Statements for an update regarding this PPA. 
 Hawaii Electric Light firm capacity PPAs . Hawaii Electric Light has two major PPAs that provide a total of 85.7 MW of firm capacity, representing 32 of Hawaii Electric Light s total net generating and firm purchased capacity on the Island of Hawaii as of December 31, 2022. 
 In October 1997, Hawaii Electric Light entered into an agreement with Encogen, which was succeeded by Hamakua Energy Partners, L. P. (HEP). The agreement requires Hawaii Electric Light to purchase up to 60 MW (net) of firm capacity for a period of 30 years, expiring on December 31, 2030. The dual-train combined-cycle facility consists of two oil-fired combustion turbines and a steam turbine that utilizes waste heat from the combustion turbines, which primarily burns naphtha (a mixture of liquid hydrocarbons) and, starting in late 2019, biodiesel (comprising approximately 21 of HEP s fuel mix in 2022). In November 2017, Hamakua Energy, an indirect subsidiary of HEI, purchased the plant from HEP. 
 Hawaii Electric Light has a 35-year PPA, as amended, with Puna Geothermal Venture (PGV) for 34.6 MW of firm capacity from its geothermal steam facility, which will expire on December 31, 2027. However, the PGV facility went offline in May 2018 due to lava flow on Hawaii Island. In March 2019, Hawaii Electric Light entered into a Rebuild Agreement with PGV, which sets forth the parties respective responsibilities associated with restoration of the facility. The Rebuild Agreement shall govern the terms until PGV becomes fully operational. In December 2019, Hawaii Electric Light entered into an Amended and Restated PPA with PGV to, among other things, extend the term by 25 years to 2052 and expand the firm capacity capable of being delivered to 46 MW, subject to PUC approval. PGV returned to service at a level providing limited output without firm capacity in the fourth quarter of 2020 and is currently providing 25.7 MW of capacity. See New renewable PPAs in the Developments in renewable energy efforts section in Hawaiian Electric s MD A. 
 In May 2012, Hawaii Electric Light signed a PPA with Hu Honua Bioenergy, LLC (Hu Honua) for 21.5 MW of renewable, dispatchable firm capacity fueled by locally grown biomass on the island of Hawaii. This PPA was approved by the PUC in December 2013, however, the approval was appealed. The Supreme Court of Hawaii issued a decision remanding the matter to the PUC for further proceedings. See Commitments and contingencies Power purchase agreements Hu Honua Bioenergy, LLC in Note 3 of the Consolidated Financial Statements for an update regarding this PPA. 
 Maui Electric firm capacity PPAs . Maui Electric has no firm capacity PPAs. 
 Fuel oil usage and supply. The rate schedules of the Utilities include ECRCs under which electric rates (and consequently the revenues of the electric utility subsidiaries generally) are adjusted for changes in the weighted-average price paid for fuel oil and certain components of purchased power, and the relative amounts of company-generated power and purchased power. See discussion of rates and issues relating to the ECRC below under Rates. 
 Hawaiian Electric s steam generating units consume LSFO and Hawaiian Electric s combustion turbine peaking units consume diesel. Hawaiian Electric s Schofield Generating Station consumes mostly B99 grade biodiesel, but is permitted to also burn ultra-low sulfur diesel (ULSD). 
 Hawaii Electric Light s and Maui Electric s steam generating units burn high sulfur fuel oil (HSFO) and Hawaii Electric Light s and Maui Electric s Maui combustion turbine generating units burn diesel. Hawaii Electric Light s and Maui Electric s Maui, Molokai, and Lanai diesel engine generating units burn ULSD. 
 See Fuel contracts in Hawaiian Electric s MD A. 
 10 

The following table sets forth the average cost of fuel oil used by Hawaiian Electric, Hawaii Electric Light and Maui Electric to generate electricity in 2022, 2021 and 2020: 
 Hawaiian Electric Hawaii Electric Light Maui Electric Consolidated /Barrel /MBtu /Barrel /MBtu /Barrel /MBtu /Barrel /MBtu 2022 
 144.63 2,339.5 131.36 2,183.4 135.39 2,274.5 141.49 2,310.9 2021 79.10 1,275.9 80.52 1,333.9 83.45 1,404.0 80.06 1,305.4 2020 62.06 1,003.7 63.21 1,048.3 66.81 1,122.7 63.00 1,028.7 
 The average per-unit cost of fuel oil consumed to generate electricity for Hawaiian Electric, Hawaii Electric Light and Maui Electric reflects a different volume mix of fuel types and grades as follows: 
 Hawaiian Electric Hawaii Electric Light Maui Electric LSFO Biodiesel/Diesel HSFO Diesel HSFO Diesel 2022 
 93 7 36 64 24 76 2021 93 7 41 59 22 78 2020 94 6 39 61 24 76 
 The prices that Hawaiian Electric and Hawaii Electric Light pay for purchased energy from certain older nonutility generators are generally linked to the price of oil. The AES Hawaii energy prices varied primarily with an inflation index. The energy prices for Kalaeloa, which purchases LSFO from Par Hawaii Refining, LLC (PAR), vary primarily with the price of Asian crude oil. On December 31, 2019, Hawaii Electric Light and PGV entered into an Amended and Restated Power Purchase Agreement, which delinks the pricing for energy delivered from the facility from fossil fuel prices. Hamakua Energy s energy prices vary primarily with the cost of naphtha. 
 The Utilities estimate that 75 of the net energy they generate will come from fossil fuel oil in 2023 compared to 67 in 2022. Hawaiian Electric generally maintains an average system fuel inventory level equivalent to 47 days of forward consumption. Hawaii Electric Light and Maui Electric generally maintain an average system fuel inventory level equivalent to approximately one month s supply of both HSFO and diesel. The PPA with Hamakua Energy requires that it maintains certain minimum fuel inventory levels. 
 Rates. Hawaiian Electric, Hawaii Electric Light and Maui Electric are subject to the regulatory jurisdiction of the PUC with respect to rates, issuance of securities, accounting and certain other matters. See Regulation below. 
 General rate increases require the prior approval of the PUC after public and contested case hearings. Rates for Hawaiian Electric and its subsidiaries include ECRCs, and PPACs. Under current law and practices, specific and separate PUC approval is not required for each rate change pursuant to automatic rate adjustment clauses previously approved by the PUC. Public Utility Regulatory Policies Act of 1978 (PURPA) requires the PUC to periodically review the adjustment clauses related to energy cost of electric and gas utilities in the state, and such clauses, as well as the rates charged by the utilities generally, are subject to change. PUC approval is also required for all surcharges and adjustments before they are reflected in rates. 
 See Utility projects under Commitments and contingencies in Note 3 of the Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 Competition. See Competition in Hawaiian Electric s MD A. 
 Regulation. The PUC regulates the rates, issuance of securities, accounting and certain other aspects of the operations of Hawaiian Electric and its electric utility subsidiaries. See the previous discussion under Rates . 
 On September 15, 2014, the State of Hawaii and the U.S. Department of Energy executed a Memorandum of Understanding (MOU) recognizing that Hawaii is embarking on the next phase of its clean energy future. The MOU provides the framework for a comprehensive, sustained effort to better realize its vast renewable energy potential and allow Hawaii to push forward in three main areas: the power sector, transportation and energy efficiency. This next phase is focused on stimulating deployment of clean energy infrastructure as a catalyst for economic growth, energy system innovation and test bed investments. 
 Energy efficiency. The PUC issued an order on January 3, 2012 approving a framework for Energy Efficiency Portfolio Standards (EEPS) that set 2008 as the initial base year for evaluation and linearly allocated the 2030 goal to interim incremental reduction goals of 1,375 GWH by 2015 and 975 GWH by each of the years 2020, 2025 and 2030. Pursuant to the PUC s EEPS framework, the PUC has contracted with a public benefits fee administrator to operate and manage energy efficiency programs, and any incentive and/or penalty mechanisms applicable solely to the public benefit fee administrator and related to the achievement of the goals are at the discretion of the PUC. 
 11 

The Division of Consumer Advocacy s 2021 Compliance Resolution Fund Report states that Hawaii continues to progress towards its 2030 Renewable Portfolio Standards and EEPS goals. The EEPS has contributed to lower kWh sales; however, the implementation of sales decoupling has delinked sales and revenues. See Regulatory mechanisms above. 
 Electrification of Transportation . In June 2018, the PUC initiated a proceeding to review the Utilities Electrification of Transportation (EoT) Strategic Roadmap, which provided an economic analysis for light duty electric vehicles on the island of Oahu, Maui and Hawaii. In July 2019 the Utilities filed a study analyzing data regarding the critical backbone for electric vehicle charging needs in their service territories. In October 2019, the Utilities filed their EoT Workplan, establishing a schedule to continue implementation of the EoT roadmap with a focus on EV rate design and make-ready charging infrastructure in the near-term. The Utilities followed through on the EoT Workplan in 2020, with three filings: the electric bus make ready infrastructure pilot, Charge Ready Hawaii commercial infrastructure pilot, and two commercial EV rates, EV-J and EV-P. The electric bus make ready infrastructure pilot, EV-J and EV-P, and Charge Ready Hawaii commercial infrastructure pilot were approved by the PUC on May 7, 2021, December 30, 2021 and January 24, 2022, respectively, and launched in the first and fourth quarters of 2022. In August 2020, the Utilities committed to electrifying 100 of its class 1 vehicles (sedans, SUVs and light trucks) by 2035. The Utilities operate 30 public DC fast chargers (DCFC) as part of the EV-U pilot and EV-MAUI tariff. They filed a request in the fourth quarter of 2021 to expand and make permanent the public charging pilot with an additional 150 DCFCs and 150 level 2 charging stations at 75 locations. This request will be ready for decision making in the first quarter of 2023. 
 Renewable Portfolio Standards. In 2015, Hawaii s RPS law was amended to require electric utilities to meet an RPS of 15 , 30 , 40 , 70 and 100 by December 31, 2015, 2020, 2030, 2040 and 2045, respectively. Energy savings resulting from energy efficiency programs do not count toward the RPS since 2014 (only electrical generation using renewable energy as a source counts). In July 2022, Governor Ige signed Act 240 (H.B.2089), that amended the RPS calculation from renewable energy as a percentage of sales to renewable energy as a percentage of total generation. The amended RPS calculation results in a lower calculated percentage than the amount calculated under the previous methodology. For example, the 2022 RPS achieved under the revised RPS calculation would have been 39.1 under the prior method versus 31.8 under the revised method. The change in the definition is to be applied prospectively to future milestone measurements and will require that the Utilities acquire more renewable energy than under the previous RPS calculation to comply with the RPS milestones; however, the Utilities expect to continue to meet the RPS milestones under the amended RPS law to exceed the 2030 RPS requirement of 40 . 
 Affiliate transactions . Certain transactions between HEI s electric public utility subsidiaries (Hawaiian Electric, Hawaii Electric Light and Maui Electric) and HEI and affiliated interests (as defined by statute) are subject to regulation by the PUC. 
 In December 1996, the PUC issued an order in a docket to review the relationship between HEI and Hawaiian Electric and the effects of that relationship on the operations of Hawaiian Electric. The order required Hawaiian Electric to continue to provide the PUC with periodic status reports on its compliance with the PUC Agreement (pursuant to which HEI became the holding company of Hawaiian Electric). Hawaiian Electric files such status reports annually. In the order, the PUC also required the Utilities to present a comprehensive analysis of the impact that the holding company structure and investments in nonutility subsidiaries have on a case-by-case basis on the cost of capital to each utility in future rate cases and remove any such effects from the cost of capital. The Utilities have made presentations in their subsequent rate cases to support their positions that there was no evidence that would modify the PUC s finding that Hawaiian Electric s access to capital did not suffer as a result of HEI s involvement in nonutility activities and that HEI s diversification did not permanently raise or lower the cost of capital incorporated into the rates paid by Hawaiian Electric s utility customers. 
 In December 2018, the PUC established a set of requirements governing transactions and sharing of information between the Utilities and its affiliates (Affiliate Transaction Requirements, ATRs), which was subsequently modified and clarified in January 2019 following the Utilities motion for reconsideration. The PUC stated the intent of the ATRs is to establish safeguards to avoid potential market power benefits and cross-subsidization between regulated and unregulated activities. The requirements include rules on interactions with affiliates, information handling, business development, political activities, promotional activities, sales of products and services, and employee sharing restrictions. The ATRs include implementing an internal code of conduct, a compliance plan, including policies and procedures to comply with the requirements, and having an audit conducted every three years that examines the compliance with the requirements. Penalties for non-compliance depend on the severity of the violation, and can range from daily fines to divestiture of the Utilities by the holding company. On January 26, 2023, the PUC approved the Utilities internal code of conduct. The PUC also directed the Utilities to make language changes to parts of the Utilities 2023 Compliance Plan. On February 6, 2023, the Utilities filed a motion for clarification and/or reconsideration of the PUC s order which instructed a change to the definition of Affiliate as used in the 2023 Affiliate Transaction Requirements Compliance Plan. 
 12 

Other regulations. The Utilities are not subject to regulation by the FERC under the Federal Power Act, except under Sections 210 through 212 (added by Title II of PURPA and amended by the Energy Policy Act of 1992), which permit the FERC to order electric utilities to interconnect with qualifying cogenerators and small power producers, and to wheel power to other electric utilities. Title I of PURPA, which relates to retail regulatory policies for electric utilities, and Title VII of the Energy Policy Act of 1992, which addresses transmission access, also apply to the Utilities. The Utilities are also required to file various operational reports with the FERC. 
 Because they are located in the State of Hawaii, Hawaiian Electric and its subsidiaries are exempt by statute from limitations set forth in the Powerplant and Industrial Fuel Use Act of 1978 on the use of petroleum as a primary energy source. 
 Regulatory Developments . See Regulatory proceedings in Note 3 of the Consolidated Financial Statements for additional discussions. 
 See also HEI Regulation above. 
 Environmental regulation . Hawaiian Electric, Hawaii Electric Light and Maui Electric, like other utilities, are subject to periodic inspections by federal, state and, in some cases, local environmental regulatory agencies, including agencies responsible for the regulation of water quality, air quality, hazardous and other waste and hazardous materials. These inspections may result in the identification of items needing corrective or other action. Except as otherwise disclosed in this report (see Risk Factors in Item 1A, and Notes 1 and 3 of the Consolidated Financial Statements), the Utilities believe that each subsidiary has appropriately responded to environmental conditions requiring action and that, as a result of such actions, such environmental conditions will not have a material adverse effect on the capital expenditures, earnings and competitive position of the Utilities. 
 Water quality controls. The generating stations, substations and other utility facilities operate under federal and state water quality regulations and permits, including, but not limited to, the Clean Water Act National Pollution Discharge Elimination System (governing point source discharges, including wastewater and storm water discharges) and the Safe Drinking Water Act Underground Injection Control (regulating disposal of wastewater into the subsurface). 
 Oil pollution controls. The Oil Pollution Act of 1990 (OPA) establishes programs that govern actual or threatened oil releases and imposes strict liability on responsible parties for clean-up costs and damages to natural resources and property. The federal Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) regulations under OPA require certain facilities that use or store oil to prepare and implement Spill Prevention, Control and Countermeasures (SPCC) Plans in order to prevent releases of oil to navigable waters of the U.S. Certain facilities are also required to prepare and implement Facility Response Plans (FRPs) to ensure prompt and proper response to releases of oil. The utility facilities that are subject to SPCC Plan and FRP requirements have prepared and implemented SPCC Plans and FRPs. 
 Air quality controls. The Clean Air Act (CAA) establishes permitting programs to reduce air pollution. The CAA amendments of 1990, established the federal Title V Operating Permit Program (in Hawaii known as the Covered Source Permit program) to ensure compliance with all applicable federal and state air pollution control requirements. The 1977 CAA Amendments established the New Source Review (NSR) permitting program, which affect new or modified generating units by requiring a permit to construct under the CAA and the controls necessary to meet the National Ambient Air Quality Standards. 
 Title V operating permits have been issued for all of the Utilities affected generating units. 
 Hazardous waste and toxic substances controls. The operations of the electric utility are subject to EPA regulations that implement provisions of the Resource Conservation and Recovery Act (RCRA), the Comprehensive Environmental Response, Compensation and Liability Act (CERCLA, also known as Superfund), the Superfund Amendments and Reauthorization Act (SARA), and the Toxic Substances Control Act (TSCA). 
 RCRA underground storage tank (UST) regulations require all facilities that use USTs for storing petroleum products to comply with established leak detection, spill prevention, standards for tank design and retrofits, financial assurance, operator training, and tank decommissioning and closure requirements. All of the Utilities USTs currently meet the applicable requirements. 
 The Emergency Planning and Community Right-to-Know Act under SARA Title III requires the Utilities to report potentially hazardous chemicals present in their facilities in order to provide the public with information so that emergency procedures can be established to protect the public in the event of hazardous chemical releases. Since January 1, 1998, the steam electric industry category has been subject to Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) reporting requirements. 
 The TSCA regulations specify procedures for the handling and disposal of polychlorinated biphenyls (PCBs), a compound found in some transformer and capacitor dielectric fluids. The TSCA regulations also apply to responses to releases of PCBs to the environment. The Utilities have instituted procedures to monitor compliance with these regulations and have implemented a 
 13 

program to identify and replace PCB transformers and capacitors in their systems. On October 22, 2021, the EPA published its proposed rule entitled Alternate PCB Extraction Methods and Amendments to PCB Cleanup and Disposal Regulations in the Federal Register. The EPA is proposing to expand options for the methods used to characterize and verify the cleanup of PCBs, and amend the performance-based disposal option along with other amendments to improve the implementation of the regulations, clarify ambiguity, and correct technical errors. The EPA comments period closed on January 20, 2022. 
 Hawaii s Environmental Response Law (ERL), as amended, governs releases of hazardous substances, including oil, to the environment in areas within the state s jurisdiction. Responsible parties under the ERL are jointly, severally, and strictly liable for a release of a hazardous substance. Responsible parties include owners or operators of a facility where a hazardous substance is located and any person who at the time of disposal of the hazardous substance owned or operated any facility at which such hazardous substance was disposed. 
 The Utilities periodically discover leaking oil-containing equipment such as USTs, piping, and transformers. Each subsidiary reports releases from such equipment when and as required by applicable law and addresses the releases in compliance with applicable regulatory requirements. 
 Additional information. For additional information about Hawaiian Electric, see Hawaiian Electric s MD A, Hawaiian Electric s Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk and Hawaiian Electric s Consolidated Financial Statements, including the Notes thereto. 
 Properties. As of December 31, 2022, the Utilities ownership in generating assets was as follows: 
 Property Location (island) Principal Fuel Type Generating Capacity (MW) Status Hawaiian Electric: Waiau 1 
 Oahu LSFO / Diesel 480.8 Active Kahe 1 
 Oahu LSFO 620.5 Active Campbell Industrial Park (CIP) 1 
 Oahu Diesel 129.0 Active Honolulu Power Plant 1 
 Oahu N/A Deactivated in 2014 Schofield Generating Station 2 
 Oahu Biodiesel / ULSD 49.4 Active West Loch PV Project 3 
 Oahu Renewable (Solar) 20.0 Active Hawaii Electric Light 4 : 
 Shipman Hawaii N/A Retired in 2015 Waimea Hawaii ULSD 7.5 Active Keahole Hawaii Diesel / ULSD 77.6 Active Puna Hawaii HSFO / Diesel 36.7 Active Hill/Kanoelehua Hawaii HSFO / ULSD 55.4 Active Distributed generators at substation sites Hawaii ULSD 5.0 Active Maui Electric 5 : 
 Kahului Maui HSFO 35.9 Active Maalaea Maui Diesel / ULSD 210.4 Active Miki Basin Lanai ULSD 9.4 Active Palaau Molokai ULSD 12.0 Active 
 1 The four plants are situated on Hawaiian Electric-owned land having a combined area of 542 acres. 
 2 Hawaiian Electric has a 35-year land lease on 8.13 acres, effective September 1, 2016 (with an option to extend an additional 10 years), with the Department of the Army. 
 3 Hawaiian Electric has a 37-year land lease on 102 acres, effective July 1, 2017, with the Secretary of the Navy. 
 4 The plants are situated on Hawaii Electric Light-owned land having a combined area of approximately 44 acres. The distributed generators are located within Hawaii Electric Light-owned substation sites having a combined area of approximately four acres. 
 5 The four plants are situated on Maui Electric-owned land having a combined area of 60.7 acres. 
 14 

As of December 31, 2022, the Utilities ownership in fuel storage facilities was as follows: 
 Facility Location (island) Fuel Type Capacity (barrels in thousands) Generation Serviced Hawaiian Electric: Barbers Point Tank Farm Oahu LSFO 1,000 Kahe, Waiau Generation sites - various (in aggregate) Oahu LSFO 770 Various Generation sites - various (in aggregate) Oahu Diesel 132 Various Generation sites - various (in aggregate) Oahu Biodiesel 11 Various Hawaii Electric Light 1 : 
 Generation sites - various (in aggregate) Hawaii HSFO 48 Various Generation sites - various (in aggregate) Hawaii Diesel 82 Various Maui Electric 2 : 
 Generation sites - various (in aggregate) Maui HSFO 81 Various Generation sites - various (in aggregate) Maui Diesel 95 Various 
 1 There are an additional 19,200 barrels of diesel and 24,770 barrels of HSFO storage capacity for Hawaii Electric Light-owned fuel off-site at Island Energy Services, LLC-owned terminalling facilities. 
 2 There are an additional 56,358 barrels of diesel oil storage capacity off-site at Aloha Petroleum, Ltd-owned terminalling facilities. 
 
 Other properties . The Utilities own overhead transmission and distribution lines, underground cables, pole (some jointly) and metal high voltage towers. Electric lines are located over or under public and nonpublic properties. 
 Hawaiian Electric owns a total of 133 acres of land on which substations, transformer vaults, distribution baseyards and the Kalaeloa cogeneration facility are located. Hawaiian Electric also owns buildings and approximately 11.6 acres of land located in Honolulu, which house its operating and engineering departments. It also leases an office building and certain office spaces in Honolulu, land for office spaces and storage in Pearl City, and a warehousing center in Kapolei. 
 Hawaii Electric Light owns 6 acres of land in Kona, which is used for a baseyard, and one acre of land in Hilo, which houses its accounting, customer services and administrative offices. Hawaii Electric Light also leases 3.7 acres of land for its baseyard in Hilo under a lease expiring in 2030. In addition, Hawaii Electric Light owns a total of approximately 150 acres of land, and leases a total of approximately 6 acres of land, on which hydro facilities, substations and switching stations, microwave facilities and transmission lines are located. The deeds to the sites located in Hilo contain certain restrictions, but the restrictions do not materially interfere with the use of the sites for public utility purposes. 
 Maui Electric s administrative offices, as well as its engineering and distribution departments, are situated on 9.1 acres of Maui Electric-owned land in Kahului. Maui Electric also owns approximately 18 acres of land which house some of its substations, leases approximately 3,600 square feet of land for its telecommunication and microwave facilities, leases approximately 6,000 square feet of land at Kahului Harbor for pipeline purposes, and leases 17,958 square feet of land at Puunene for the Puunene Substation. Maui Electric also owns approximately 89 acres of undeveloped land at Waena, Palaau, and Kahului. Fuel storage facilities are located on Maui Electric-owned properties at Kahului Baseyard, Kahului Power Plant, Maalaea Power Plant, Miki Basin, Palaau, and Hana. Two, 1-MW stand-by diesel generators are located within the Maui Electric-owned land at Hana Substation. 
 See Hawaiian Electric and subsidiaries and service areas above for a discussion of the nonexclusive franchises of Hawaiian Electric and subsidiaries. 
 See Generation statistics above for a further discussion of some of the electric utility properties. 
 
 Bank 
 General. ASB is one of the largest financial institutions headquartered in the State of Hawaii with assets of 9.5 billion and deposits of 8.2 billion, as of December 31, 2022. ASB is a full-service community bank that serves both consumer and commercial customers and operates 38 branches on the islands of Oahu (27), Maui (5), Hawaii (3), Kauai (2), and Molokai (1) as of December 31 2022. Subsequently, ASB closed two additional branches on the island of Oahu to reduce the total branch count to 36 branches as of February 2023. 
 In 2022, ASB s revenues and net income amounted to approximately 9 and 33 of HEI s consolidated revenues and net income, respectively, compared to approximately 11 and 41 in 2021 and approximately 12 and 29 in 2020. 
 15 

At the time of HEI s acquisition of ASB, HEI agreed with the Office of Thrift Supervision (OTS), Department of Treasury s predecessor regulatory agency, that ASB s regulatory capital would be maintained at a level of at least 6 of ASB s total liabilities, or at such greater amount as may be required from time to time by regulation. Under the agreement, HEI s obligation to contribute additional capital to ensure that ASB would have the capital level required by the OTS was limited to a maximum aggregate amount of approximately 65.1 million. As of December 31, 2022, as a result of certain HEI contributions of capital to ASB over the years, HEI s maximum obligation under the agreement to contribute additional capital has been reduced to approximately 28.3 million. ASB is subject to OCC regulations on dividends and other distributions and ASB must receive a letter from the FRB communicating the OCC s and FRB s non-objection to the payment of any dividend ASB proposes to declare and pay to ASB Hawaii and HEI. In addition to OCC oversight, federal law and Federal Reserve Board policy require that HEI, as a savings and loan holding company, serve as a source of financial and managerial strength for any FDIC-insured depository institution that it controls. Accordingly, if ASB were to be in financial distress or to otherwise be viewed by the regulators as in unsatisfactory condition, HEI could be required to provide additional capital or liquidity support or take other action, in support of ASB. 
 Lending activities. See Note 4 of the Consolidated Financial Statements for the composition of ASB s loan portfolio. 
 Origination, purchase and sale of loans . Generally, residential and commercial real estate loans originated by ASB are collateralized by real estate located in Hawaii. For additional information, including information concerning the geographic distribution of ASB s mortgage-backed securities portfolio and the geographic concentration of credit risk, see Note 15 of the Consolidated Financial Statements. The demand for loans is primarily dependent on the Hawaii real estate market, business conditions, interest rates and loan refinancing activity. 
 Residential mortgage lending . ASB originates fixed rate and adjustable rate loans secured by single family residential property, including investor-owned properties, with maturities of up to 30 years. ASB s general policy is to require private mortgage insurance when the loan-to-value ratio of the property exceeds 80 of the lower of the appraised value or purchase price at origination. For non-owner-occupied residential property purchases, the loan-to-value ratio typically may not exceed 75 of the lower of the appraised value or purchase price at origination. 
 Construction and development lending . ASB provides fixed rate loans for the construction of one-to-four unit residential and commercial properties. Construction loan projects are typically short term in nature. Construction and development financing generally involves a higher degree of credit risk than long-term financing on improved, occupied real estate. Accordingly, construction and development loans are generally priced higher than loans collateralized by completed structures. ASB s underwriting, monitoring and disbursement practices with respect to construction and development financing are designed to ensure sufficient funds are available to complete construction projects. See Bank Loan portfolio risk elements in HEI s MD A and Multifamily residential and commercial real estate lending below. 
 Multifamily residential and commercial real estate lending . ASB provides permanent financing and construction and development financing collateralized by multifamily residential properties (including apartment buildings) and collateralized by commercial and industrial properties (including office buildings, shopping centers and warehouses) for its own portfolio as well as for participation with other lenders. Commercial real estate lending typically involves long lead times to originate and fund. As a result, production results can vary significantly from period to period. 
 Consumer lending . ASB offers a variety of secured and unsecured consumer loans. Loans collateralized by deposits are limited to 90 of the available account balance. ASB offers home equity lines of credit, clean energy loans, secured and unsecured VISA cards (through a third party issuer), checking account overdraft protection and other general purpose consumer loans. 
 Commercial lending . ASB provides both secured and unsecured commercial loans to business entities. This lending activity is designed to diversify ASB s asset structure, shorten maturities, improve rate sensitivity of the loan portfolio and attract commercial checking deposits. ASB offers commercial loans with terms generally up to ten years. 
 Loan origination fee and servicing income . In addition to interest earned on residential mortgage loans, ASB receives income from servicing loans, for late payments and from other related services. Servicing fees are received on loans originated and subsequently sold by ASB where ASB acts as collection agent on behalf of third-party purchasers. 
 ASB charges the borrower at loan settlement a loan origination fee. See Loans in Note 1 of the Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 Deposits and sources of funds. Deposits continue to be the largest source of funds for ASB for use in lending, meeting liquidity requirements and making investments, and are affected by market interest rates, competition and management s responses to these factors. In 2020 and 2021 deposits had increased in part due to PPP loan proceeds and consumer economic impact payments from the CARES Act stimulus program. In 2022, with the rising interest rate environment and inflationary 
 16 

pressures in the economy, there was an outflow of core deposits. Retention and sustained growth of these low-cost deposit types will be challenging in the current environment . ASB borrows on a short-term basis to compensate for seasonal or other reductions in deposit flows. ASB may borrow on a longer-term basis to support expanded lending or investment activities. Advances from the Federal Home Loan Bank (FHLB) of Des Moines and securities sold under agreements to repurchase continue to be additional sources of funds, but they are a higher cost funding source than deposits. 
 Competition. The banking industry in Hawaii is highly competitive. At December 31, 2022, there were 7 financial institutions insured by the FDIC headquartered in the State of Hawaii. While ASB is one of the largest financial institutions in Hawaii, based on total assets, ASB faces vigorous competition for deposits and loans from two larger banking institutions based in Hawaii and from smaller institutions that heavily promote their services in niche areas, such as providing financial services to small and medium-sized businesses, as well as national financial services organizations. Competition for loans and deposits comes primarily from other savings institutions, commercial banks, credit unions, securities brokerage firms, money market and mutual funds and other investment alternatives. ASB faces additional competition in seeking deposit funds from various types of corporate and government borrowers, including insurance companies. Competition for origination of mortgage loans comes primarily from mortgage banking and brokerage firms, commercial banks, other savings institutions, insurance companies and real estate investment trusts. These entities may have a physical presence in the State of Hawaii or operate from out of state and provide online services. See also Bank Executive overview and strategy in HEI s MD A. 
 To remain competitive and continue building core franchise value, ASB continues to develop and introduce new products and services to meet the needs of its consumer and commercial customers. Additionally, the banking industry is constantly changing and ASB is making the investment in its people and technology necessary to adapt and remain competitive. 
 The primary factors in ASB s competition for mortgage and other loans are the competitive interest rates and loan origination fees it charges, the wide variety of loan programs it offers and the quality and efficiency of the services it provides to borrowers and the business community. ASB believes that it is able to compete for such loans primarily through the competitive interest rates and loan fees it charges, the type of mortgage loan programs it offers and the efficiency and quality of the services it provides to individual borrowers and the business community. 
 The primary factors in competing for deposits are interest rates, the quality and range of services offered, marketing, convenience of locations, hours of operation, availability and functionality of other non-branch channels such as online and mobile banking and perceptions of the institution s financial soundness and safety. To compete effectively, ASB offers a variety of savings and checking accounts at competitive rates, convenient business hours, convenient branch locations with interbranch deposit and withdrawal privileges at each branch, convenient automated teller machines and other banking options including online and mobile banking platforms. ASB also conducts advertising and promotional campaigns. 
 ASB has been diversifying its loan portfolio from single-family home mortgages to higher-spread, shorter-duration consumer, commercial and commercial real estate loans. The origination of consumer, commercial and commercial real estate loans involves risks and other considerations different from those associated with originating residential real estate loans. For example, the sources and level of competition may be different and credit risk is generally higher than for residential mortgage loans. These different risk factors are considered in the underwriting and pricing standards and in the allowance for credit losses established by ASB for its consumer, commercial and commercial real estate loans. 
 Regulation. ASB, a federally chartered saving bank, is subject to examination and comprehensive regulation by the Department of Treasury, OCC and the FDIC, and is subject to reserve requirements established by the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System. Regulation by these agencies focuses in large measure on the adequacy of ASB s capital and the results of periodic safety and soundness examinations conducted by the OCC. In addition, ASB s holding companies are subject to the regulatory supervision of the FRB. See HEI Consolidated Regulation above. 
 See Bank Legislation and regulation in HEI s MD A for the final capital rules under the Basel III regulatory capital framework. 
 Examinations. ASB is subject to periodic safety and soundness examinations and other examinations by the OCC. In conducting its examinations, the OCC utilizes the Uniform Financial Institutions Rating System adopted by the Federal Financial Institutions Examination Council, which system utilizes the CAMELS criteria for rating financial institutions. The six components in the rating system are: C apital adequacy, A sset quality, M anagement, E arnings, L iquidity and S ensitivity to market risk. The OCC examines and rates each CAMELS component. An overall CAMELS rating is also given, after taking into account all of the component ratings. A financial institution may be subject to formal regulatory or administrative direction or supervision such as a memorandum of understanding or a cease and desist order following an examination if its CAMELS rating is not satisfactory. An institution is prohibited from disclosing the OCC s report of its safety and soundness examination or the component and overall CAMELS rating to any person or organization not officially connected with the institution as an officer, director, employee, attorney or auditor, except as provided by regulation. The OCC also regularly 
 17 

examines ASB s information technology practices and its performance under Community Reinvestment Act measurement criteria. 
 The Federal Deposit Insurance Act, as amended, addresses the safety and soundness of the deposit insurance system, supervision of depository institutions and improvement of accounting standards. Pursuant to this Act, federal banking agencies have promulgated regulations that affect the operations of ASB and its holding companies (e.g., standards for safety and soundness, real estate lending, accounting and reporting, transactions with affiliates and loans to insiders). 
 Deposit insurance coverage . The Federal Deposit Insurance Act, as amended, and regulations promulgated by the FDIC, govern insurance coverage of deposit accounts. In July 2010, the Dodd-Frank Act permanently raised the current standard maximum deposit insurance amount to 250,000. Generally, the amount of all deposits held by a depositor in the same capacity (even if held in separate accounts) is aggregated for purposes of applying the insurance limit. 
 See Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation assessment in Note 4 of the Consolidated Financial Statements for a discussion of FDIC deposit insurance assessment rates. 
 Recent legislation and issuances . See Bank Legislation and regulation in HEI s MD A. 
 Affiliate transactions . Significant restrictions apply to certain transactions between ASB and its affiliates, including HEI and its direct and indirect subsidiaries. For example, ASB is prohibited from making any loan or other extension of credit to an entity affiliated with ASB unless the affiliate is engaged exclusively in activities which the FRB has determined to be permissible for bank holding companies. There are also various other restrictions which apply to certain transactions between ASB and certain executive officers, directors and insiders of ASB. ASB is also barred from making a purchase of or any investment in securities issued by an affiliate, other than with respect to shares of a subsidiary of ASB. 
 Financial derivatives and interest rate risk . ASB is subject to OCC rules relating to derivatives activities, such as interest rate swaps, interest rate lock commitments and forward commitments. See Derivative financial instruments in Note 4 of the Consolidated Financial Statements for a description of interest rate lock commitments and forward commitments used by ASB. Currently ASB does not use interest rate swaps to manage interest rate risk, but may do so in the future. Generally speaking, the OCC rules permit financial institutions to engage in transactions involving financial derivatives to the extent these transactions are otherwise authorized under applicable law and are safe and sound. The rules require ASB to have certain internal procedures for handling financial derivative transactions, including involvement of the ASB Board of Directors. 
 Management believes ASB s interest rate risk processes are aligned with the Interagency Advisory on Interest Rate Risk Management and appropriate with earnings and capital levels, balance sheet complexity, business model and risk tolerance. 
 Liquidity . OCC regulations require ASB to maintain sufficient liquidity to ensure safe and sound operations. ASB s principal sources of liquidity are customer deposits, borrowings, the maturity and repayment of portfolio loans and securities and the sale of loans into secondary market channels. ASB s principal sources of borrowings are advances from the FHLB of Des Moines and securities sold under agreements to repurchase from broker/dealers. ASB is approved by the FHLB of Des Moines to borrow an amount of up to 45 of assets to the extent it provides qualifying collateral and holds sufficient FHLB of Des Moines stock. As of December 31, 2022, ASB s unused FHLB of Des Moines borrowing capacity was approximately 1.6 billion. ASB utilizes growth in deposits, advances from the FHLB of Des Moines and securities sold under agreements to repurchase to fund maturing and withdrawable deposits, repay maturing borrowings, fund existing and future loans and make investments. As of December 31, 2022, ASB had loan commitments, undisbursed loan funds and unused lines and letters of credit of 2.1 billion. Management believes ASB s current sources of funds will enable it to meet these obligations while maintaining liquidity at satisfactory levels. 
 Supervision . The Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation Improvement Act of 1991 (the FDICIA) establishes a statutory framework that is triggered by the capital level of a financial institution and subjects it to progressively more stringent restrictions and supervision as capital levels decline. The prompt corrective action capital requirements establish thresholds for varying degrees of oversight and intervention by regulators. Declines in levels of capital, depending on their severity, will result in increasingly stringent mandatory and discretionary regulatory consequences. Capital levels may decline for any number of reasons, including reductions that would result if there were losses from operations, deterioration in collateral values or the inability to dispose of real estate owned (typically acquired by foreclosure). The regulators have substantial discretion in the corrective actions they might direct and could include restrictions on dividends and other distributions that ASB may make to HEI (through ASB Hawaii) and the requirement that ASB develop and implement a plan to restore its capital. The OCC rules implement the system of prompt corrective action. In particular, the rules define the relevant capital measures for the categories of well capitalized, adequately capitalized, undercapitalized, significantly undercapitalized and critically undercapitalized. As of December 31, 2022, ASB was well-capitalized. 
 18 

Interest rates . FDIC regulations restrict the ability of financial institutions that are undercapitalized to offer interest rates on deposits that are significantly higher than the rates offered by competing institutions. As of December 31, 2022, ASB was well capitalized and thus not subject to these interest rate restrictions. 
 Qualified thrift lender test . ASB is a qualified thrift lender (QTL) under its federal thrift charter and, in order to maintain this status, ASB is required to maintain at least 65 of its assets in qualified thrift investments, measured on a monthly average basis in 9 out of the previous 12 months, which include housing-related loans (including mortgage-backed securities) as well as certain small business loans, education loans, loans made through credit card accounts and a basket (not exceeding 20 of total assets) of other consumer loans and other assets. Institutions that fail to maintain QTL status are subject to various penalties, including limitations on their activities. In ASB s case, the activities of HEI, ASB Hawaii and HEI s other subsidiaries would also be subject to restrictions if ASB failed to maintain its QTL status, and a failure or inability to comply with those restrictions could effectively result in the required divestiture of ASB. As of December 31, 2022, and at all times during 2022, ASB was a qualified thrift lender. 
 Federal Home Loan Bank System . ASB is a member of the FHLB System, which consists of 11 regional FHLBs, and ASB s regional bank is the FHLB of Des Moines. The FHLB System provides a central credit facility for member institutions. Historically, the FHLBs have served as the central liquidity facilities for savings associations and sources of long-term funds for financing housing. At such time as an advance is made to ASB or renewed, it must be collateralized by collateral from one of the following categories: (1) fully disbursed, whole first mortgages on improved residential property, or securities representing a whole interest in such mortgages; (2) securities issued, insured or guaranteed by the U.S. Government or any agency thereof; (3) FHLB deposits; and (4) other real estate-related collateral that has a readily ascertainable value and with respect to which a security interest can be perfected. The aggregate amount of outstanding advances collateralized by such other real estate-related collateral may not exceed 300 of ASB s capital. 
 ASB s required holding in the stock of the FHLB is both membership and activity-based. Membership is based on a percentage of total assets (0.12 while the portion related to activity is based on a percentage of outstanding activity, mainly advances (4 ). As of December 31, 2022, ASB was required and owned capital stock in the FHLB of Des Moines in the amount of 26.6 million. 
 Community Reinvestment . The Community Reinvestment Act (CRA) requires financial institutions to help meet the credit needs of their communities, including low- and moderate-income areas, consistent with safe and sound lending practices. The OCC will consider ASB s CRA record in evaluating an application for a new deposit facility, including the establishment of a branch, the relocation of a branch or office, or the acquisition of an interest in another bank. ASB currently holds a satisfactory CRA rating. 
 Secured Overnight Financing Rate (SOFR) Rules . The Federal Reserve Board announced the adoption of a final rule that implements the Adjustable Interest Rate (LIBOR) Act by identifying benchmark rates based on SOFR that will replace LIBOR in certain financial contracts after June 30, 2023. SOFR is a broad measure of the cost of borrowing cash overnight collateralized by U. S. Treasury securities. The Federal Reserve Bank of New York, in cooperation with the U.S. Department of the Treasury s Office of Financial Research, publishes SOFR daily. In particular, some residential mortgage promissory notes held by ASB are based on LIBOR but do not identify a specific replacement index. The Adjustable Interest Rate (LIBOR) Act addresses the issue by specifying a specific SOFR rate that replaces certain LIBOR rates. ASB is preparing itself to meet the June 30, 2023, deadline. 
 
 Other laws . ASB is subject to federal and state consumer protection laws which affect deposit and lending activities, such as the Truth in Lending Act, the Truth in Savings Act, the Equal Credit Opportunity Act, the Real Estate Settlement Procedures Act, the Home Mortgage Disclosure Act and several federal and state financial privacy acts intended to protect consumers personal information and prevent identity theft, such as the Gramm Act and the Fair and Accurate Transactions Act. ASB is also subject to federal laws regulating certain of its lending practices, such as the Flood Disaster Protection Act, and laws requiring reports to regulators of certain customer transactions, such as the Currency and Foreign Transactions Reporting Act and the International Money Laundering Abatement and Anti-Terrorist Financing Act. ASB s relationship with Cetera Investment Services LLC and Cetera Investment Advisers LLC is also governed by regulations adopted by the FRB under the Gramm Act, which regulate networking relationships under which a financial institution refers customers to a broker-dealer for securities services and employees of the financial institution are permitted to receive a nominal fee for the referrals. These laws may provide for substantial penalties in the event of noncompliance. 
 Proposed legislation . See the discussion of proposed legislation in Bank Legislation and regulation in HEI s MD A. 
 Environmental regulation . ASB may be subject to the provisions of Comprehensive Environmental Response, Compensation and Liability Act (CERCLA), ERL and regulations promulgated thereunder, which impose liability for environmental cleanup costs on certain categories of responsible parties. CERCLA and ERL exempt persons whose ownership 
 19 

in a facility is held primarily to protect a security interest, provided that they do not participate in the management of the facility. 
 Additional information. For additional information about ASB, see the sections under Bank in HEI s MD A, HEI s Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk and HEI s Consolidated Financial Statements, including Note 4 thereto . 
 Properties. ASB owns or leases several office buildings in Honolulu and owns land on which a number of its branches are located. 
 The following table sets forth the number of bank branches owned and leased by ASB by island: 
 Number of branches December 31, 2022 Owned Leased Total Oahu 8 19 27 Maui 1 4 5 Hawaii 2 1 3 Kauai 1 1 2 Molokai 1 1 12 26 38 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, the net book value (NBV) of branches and office facilities was 171 million 165 million represents the NBV of the land and improvements for the branches and office facilities owned by ASB and 6 million represents the NBV of ASB s leasehold improvements). As of December 31, 2021, the NBV of branches and office facilities was 175 million 168 million represents the NBV of the land and improvements for the branches and office facilities owned by ASB and 7 million represents the NBV of ASB s leasehold improvements). The leases expire on various dates through December 2040, but many of the leases have extension provisions. 
 As of December 31, 2022, ASB owned 122 automated teller machines. 
 In January and February 2023, ASB closed two branches on the island of Oahu that were leased by the Bank. 
 
 ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS 
 The businesses of HEI and its subsidiaries involve numerous risks which, if realized, could have a material and adverse effect on the Company s financial statements. For additional information for certain risk factors enumerated below and other risks of the Company and its operations, see Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements above and HEI s MD A, HEI s Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk, the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements, Hawaiian Electric s MD A and Hawaiian Electric s Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk. 
 
 Holding company and company-wide risks. 
 COVID-19 Our business, financial condition, liquidity and results of operations have been affected and could continue to be adversely impacted by the ongoing effects of the COVID-19 pandemic and economic conditions . While COVID-19 restrictions in Hawaii have been lifted as vaccination rates increased and new daily case counts moderated, which lead to improved economic conditions in the state, new COVID-19 variants could result in a reinstatement of restrictions that could threaten the ongoing economic recovery and have a material adverse effect on the Company. For example, an economic downturn or recession could result in an increase in late payments, non-payments, higher costs, and reduced access to credit, which could have a significant impact on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 During the pandemic, the Utilities placed a moratorium on customer disconnections, which led to increasing past due past due accounts receivables that had an impact on liquidity. Although the Utilities have adequate access to liquidity sources, there can be no assurance that the Utilities will be able to secure additional liquidity sources at a reasonable cost, or at all, in the future. In addition to lower and lagged collections caused by the pandemic, the Utilities incurred higher costs and expenses. While the Utilities have been granted deferral treatment of certain COVID-19 related costs, such as higher bad debt expense, non-collection of late payment fees, higher financing costs, sequestration costs for mission-critical employees and other costs and expenses, there can be no assurance that the PUC will grant recovery of such costs, and the denial of such cost recovery could be material. Additionally, in light of the significant impact that economic conditions have had on residents and businesses in the state, a stipulated settlement between Hawaiian Electric and the Division of Consumer Advocacy of the Department of Commerce and Consumer Affairs, reflecting no base rate increase, was submitted in the Hawaiian Electric 2020 test year rate case, and approved by the PUC in October 2020. While the Utilities were successful in offsetting the no base rate increase with 
 20 

corresponding cost decreases, such reduction of cost in future periods is not assured and, therefore, the inability to achieve targeted cost savings could adversely affect the Utilities results of operations in future periods. 
 ASB s balance sheet has historically been asset sensitive and its net interest income is highly sensitive to interest rates. Accordingly, an extended economic slowdown or recession could have a significant impact on its net interest income if interest rates decline. In addition, while economic conditions improved in 2022, the emergence of new COVID-19 variants could lead to an extended economic slowdown or recession that may affect the ability of borrowers to make payments on their loans, which would have an adverse impact on ASB s provision for credit losses and its results of operations. 
 While the Company believes that it has sufficient liquidity to continue to operate under current economic conditions, there can be no assurance that sufficient liquidity will be available if there is a significant slowdown in economic activity for an extended period of time or if economic conditions worsen from current levels, leading to a recession. 
 Holding Company Risk HEI is a holding company that derives its income from its operating subsidiaries and depends on the ability of those subsidiaries to pay dividends or make other distributions to HEI and on its own ability to raise capital . HEI is a legal entity separate and distinct from its various subsidiaries. As a holding company with no significant operations of its own, HEI s cash flows and consequent ability to service its obligations and pay dividends on its common stock is dependent upon its receipt of dividends or other distributions from its operating subsidiaries and its ability to issue common stock or other equity securities and to incur additional debt. The ability of HEI s subsidiaries to pay dividends or make other distributions to HEI, in turn, is subject to the risks associated with their operations and to contractual and regulatory restrictions, including: 
 the provisions of an HEI agreement with the PUC, which could limit the ability of HEI s principal electric public utility subsidiary, Hawaiian Electric, to pay dividends to HEI in the event that the consolidated common stock equity of the Utilities falls below 35 of total capitalization of the electric utilities; 
 the provisions of an HEI agreement entered into with federal bank regulators in connection with its acquisition of its bank subsidiary, ASB, which requires HEI to contribute additional capital to ASB (up to a maximum amount of additional capital of 28.3 million as of December 31, 2022 under the Regulatory Capital Maintenance/Dividend Agreement dated May 26, 1988, between HEI, HEIDI (HEI Diversified Inc.) and the Federal Savings and Loan Insurance Corporation) upon request of the regulators in order to maintain ASB s regulatory capital at the level required by regulation; 
 obligations under federal law and Federal Reserve Board policy, which require that a savings and loan holding company serve as a source of financial and managerial strength for any FDIC-insured depository institution that it controls, and accordingly, if ASB were to be in financial distress or to otherwise be viewed by the regulators as in unsatisfactory condition, HEI could be required to provide additional capital or liquidity support or take other action, in support of ASB; 
 the minimum capital and capital distribution regulations of the OCC that are applicable to ASB and capital regulations that become applicable to HEI and ASB Hawaii; 
 the receipt of a letter from the FRB communicating the OCC s and the FRB s non-objection to the payment of any dividend ASB proposes to declare and pay to ASB Hawaii and HEI; and 
 the provisions of preferred stock resolutions and debt instruments of HEI and its subsidiaries. 
 Credit and Capital Market Risk The Company, and its credit rating, is subject to risks associated with the Hawaii economy (in the aggregate and on an individual island basis), volatile U.S. capital markets and changes in the interest rate and credit market environment that have or could result in higher retirement benefit plan funding requirements, declines in ASB s interest rate margins and investment values, higher delinquencies and charge-offs in ASB s loan portfolio and restrictions on the ability of HEI or its subsidiaries to borrow money or issue securities . The two largest components of Hawaii s economy are tourism and the federal government (including the military). Because the core businesses of HEI s subsidiaries are providing local public electric utility services (through Hawaiian Electric and its subsidiaries) and banking services (through ASB) in Hawaii, the Company s operating results are significantly influenced by: Hawaii s economy, which in turn is influenced by economic conditions in the mainland U.S. (particularly California) and Asia (particularly Japan) as a result of the impact of those conditions on tourism; by the impact of interest rates on the construction and real estate industries and by the impact of federal government spending in Hawaii, which can be affected by world conditions; and, from time to time, the expiration of federal government appropriations bills. In addition, the Hawaii economy could be directly or indirectly affected by implications and potential impacts of U.S. and foreign capital and credit market conditions and federal, state and international responses to those conditions and the potential impacts of global and local developments (including economic conditions and uncertainties; unrest, terrorist acts, wars (such as the Russia-Ukraine war), conflicts, political protests, deadly virus epidemic, pandemics, or other crisis; the effects of changes that have or may occur in U.S. policy, such as with respect to immigration and trade). 
 HEI s and Hawaiian Electric s credit ratings only reflect the view, at the time the ratings are issued, of the applicable rating agency. There is no assurance that any such credit rating will remain in effect for any given period of time or that such rating will not be lowered, suspended or withdrawn entirely by the applicable rating agency if, in such rating agency s judgment, 
 21 

circumstances, such as current, past or future effects or events so warrant. Any such lowering, suspension or withdrawal of any rating may have an adverse effect on the availability of capital to the Company or the market price or marketability of HEI s and/or Hawaiian Electric s securities, which could increase the cost of capital of HEI and Hawaiian Electric, and such increased costs, including interest charges, under HEI s and/or Hawaiian Electric s debt securities and credit facilities, would result in reductions in HEI s consolidated net income in future periods. Further, if HEI s or Hawaiian Electric s commercial paper ratings were to be downgraded, HEI and Hawaiian Electric might not be able to sell commercial paper and might be required to draw on more expensive bank lines of credit or to defer capital or other expenditures. Neither HEI nor Hawaiian Electric management can predict future rating agency actions or their effects on the future cost of capital of HEI or Hawaiian Electric. Such ratings are not recommendations to buy, sell or hold any securities; such ratings may be subject to revision or withdrawal at any time by the rating agencies; and each rating should be evaluated independently of any other rating. 
 Changes in the U.S. capital markets can also have significant effects on the Company. For example, pension funding requirements are affected by the market performance of the assets in the master pension trust maintained for pension plans, and by the discount rate used to estimate the service and interest cost components of net periodic pension cost and value obligations. The Utilities pension tracking mechanisms help moderate pension expense; however, a significant reduction in the discount rate or in the value of the Company s defined benefit pension plan assets could result in a substantial increase in the gap between the projected benefit obligations under the plans and the value of plan assets, resulting in increases in funding requirements. 
 Because the earnings of ASB depend primarily on net interest income, interest rate risk is a significant risk of ASB s operations. HEI and the Utilities are also exposed to interest rate risk primarily due to their periodic borrowing requirements, the discount rate used to determine pension funding requirements and the possible effect of interest rates on the electric utilities rates of return. Interest rates are sensitive to many factors, including general economic conditions and the policies of government and regulatory authorities. HEI cannot predict future changes in interest rates, nor be certain that interest rate risk management strategies it or its subsidiaries have implemented will be successful in managing interest rate risk. 
 Interest rate risk also represents a market risk factor affecting the fair value of ASB s investment securities. Increases and decreases in prevailing interest rates generally translate into decreases and increases in the fair values of those instruments, respectively. Disruptions in the credit markets, a liquidity crisis in the banking industry or increased levels of residential mortgage delinquencies and defaults may result in decreases in the fair value of ASB s investment securities and an impairment, requiring ASB to write down its investment securities. As of December 31, 2022, ASB s investment in U.S. Treasury and federal agency obligations, and mortgage-backed securities have an implicit guarantee from the U.S. government. Decreases in the fair value of ASB s investment securities may also result in lower equity capital balances as unrealized losses in the available-for-sale investment securities portfolio are recorded as a decrease in equity capital through accumulated other comprehensive losses. The lower equity capital balance could result in a lower tangible equity capital ratio and restrict ASB s permissible activities if the tangible equity capital ratio falls below 2 . A negative tangible equity capital ratio would impact ASB s availability to borrow funds from the FHLB of Des Moines. 
 Geographic Concentration Risk The Company is subject to the risks associated with the geographic concentration of its businesses and current lack of interconnections that could result in service interruptions at the Utilities or higher default rates on loans held by ASB . The business of the Utilities is concentrated on the individual islands they serve in the State of Hawaii. Their operations are more vulnerable to service interruptions than that of many U.S. mainland utilities because none of the systems of the Utilities are interconnected with the systems on the other islands they serve. Because of this lack of interconnections, it is necessary to maintain higher generation reserve margins than are typical for U.S. mainland utilities to help ensure reliable service. Service interruptions, including, in particular, extended interruptions that could result from a natural disaster or terrorist activity, could adversely impact the revenues and costs of some or all of the Utilities. 
 Substantially all of ASB s consumer loan customers are Hawaii residents. A significant portion of the commercial loan customers are also located in Hawaii. While a majority of customers are on Oahu, ASB also has customers on the neighbor islands (whose economies have traditionally been weaker than Oahu s economy during economic downturns). Substantially all of the real estate underlying ASB s residential and commercial real estate loans are located in Hawaii. These assets may be subject to a greater risk of default due to geographic concentration than other comparable assets held by financial institutions with more diverse geographic exposure in the event of adverse economic, political or business developments or natural disasters affecting Hawaii and affect the ability of ASB s customers to make payments of principal and interest on their loans. 
 Competitive and Technological Risk Increasing competition and technological advances could cause HEI s businesses to lose customers or render their operations obsolete . The banking industry in Hawaii, and certain aspects of the electric utility industry, are competitive. The success of HEI s subsidiaries in meeting competition and responding to technological advances will continue to have a direct impact on HEI s consolidated financial performance. For example: 
 22 

ASB, one of the largest financial institutions in the state, is in direct competition for deposits and loans not only with two larger institutions that have substantial capital, technology and marketing resources, but also with smaller Hawaii institutions and other U.S. institutions, including credit unions, mutual funds, mortgage brokers, finance companies, non-traditional providers of financial services and investment banking firms. Larger financial institutions may have greater access to capital at lower costs, which could impair ASB s ability to compete effectively. New or significant advances in technology (e.g., significant advances in internet or mobile banking) or customer adoption of alternative banking channels could render the operations of ASB less competitive or obsolete. 
 The Utilities face competition from IPPs; customer self-generation, with or without cogeneration; customer energy storage; and the potential formation of community-based, cooperative ownership or municipality structures for electrical service on all islands it serves. With the exception of certain identified projects, the Utilities are required to use competitive bidding to acquire a future generation resource unless the PUC finds competitive bidding to be unsuitable. The PUC sets policies for distributed generation interconnection agreements and standby rates. The results of competitive bidding, competition from IPPs, customer self-generation, and potential cooperative ownership or municipality structures for electric utility service, and the rate at which technological developments facilitating nonutility generation of electricity, combined heat and power technology, off-grid microgrids, and customer energy storage may render the operations of the Utilities less competitive or outdated and adversely affect the Utilities and the results of their operations. 
 Cybersecurity Risk The Company may be subject to information technology and operational system failures, network disruptions, cyber attacks and breaches in data security that could adversely affect its businesses and reputation . The Company and its subsidiaries rely on information technology systems, some of which are managed or hosted by third party service providers, to manage its business data, communications, and other business processes. Such information technology systems may be vulnerable to cyberattacks or other security incidents, which could result in unauthorized access to confidential data, ransomware demands or disruptions to operations. In addition, there is increasing cybersecurity risk associated with the broad adoption of a remote working environment as a result of the pandemic. If the Company is unable to prevent or adequately respond to and resolve an incident, it may have a material impact on the Company s operations or business reputation. 
 Utilities . The Utilities rely on evolving and increasingly complex operational and information systems, networks and other technologies, which are interconnected with the systems and network infrastructure owned by third parties to support a variety of business processes and activities, including procurement and supply chain, invoicing and collection of payments, customer relationship management, human resource management, the acquisition, generation and delivery of electrical service to customers, and to process financial information and results of operations for internal reporting purposes and to comply with regulatory financial reporting and legal and tax requirements. The Utilities use their systems and infrastructure to create, collect, store, and process sensitive information, including personal information regarding customers, employees and their dependents, retirees, and other individuals. Despite the Utilities security measures, all of their systems are vulnerable to disability, failures or unauthorized access caused by natural disasters, cybersecurity incidents, security breaches, user error, unintentional defects created by system changes, military or terrorist actions, power or communication failures or similar events. Any such failure could have a material adverse impact on the Utilities ability to process transactions and provide service, as well the Utilities financial condition and results of operations. Further, a data breach involving theft, improper disclosure, or other unauthorized access to or acquisition of confidential information could subject the Utilities to penalties for violation of applicable privacy laws, claims by third parties, and enforcement actions by government agencies. A data breach could also reduce the value of proprietary information, and harm the reputation of the Utilities. 
 Private and public entities, such as the North American Electric Reliability Corporation, and the U.S. federal government, including the Departments of Defense, Homeland Security and Energy, and the White House, have noted that cyber-attacks targeting utility systems are increasing in sophistication, magnitude, and frequency. The Utilities systems have been, and will likely continue to be, a target of attacks. Further, the Uti lities operational networks may be subject to new cybersecurity risks due to modernizing and interconnecting existing infrastructure with new technologies and control systems, including those owned by third parties, such as independent power producers, distributed energy resource aggregators and customers. Although the Utilities have not experienced a material cybersecurity breach to date, such incidents may occur and may have a material adverse effect on the Utilities and the Company in the future. In order to address cybersecurity risks to their information systems, the Utilities maintain security measures designed to protect their information technology systems, network infrastructure and other assets. The Utilities actively monitor developments in the area of cybersecurity and are involved in various related government and industry groups , and brief the Company s Board quarterly on relevant cybersecurity issues . Although the Utilities continue to make investments in their cybersecurity program, including personnel, technologies, cyber insurance and training of Utilities personnel, there can be no assurance that these systems or their expected functionality will be implemented, maintained, or expanded effectively; nor can security measures completely eliminate the possibility of a cybersecurity breach. The Utility maintains cyber liability insurance that covers certain damages caused by cyber incidents. However, there is no guarantee that adequate insurance will continue to be available at rates the Utility believes are reasonable or that the costs of responding to and recovering from a cyber incident will be covered by insurance or recoverable 
 23 

in rates. If the Utilities cybersecurity measures were to be breached, the Utilities could suffer financial loss, business disruptions, liability to customers, regulatory intervention or damage to their reputations . 
 Due to the size, scope and complexity of the Utilities business, the development and maintenance of information technology systems to process and track information is critical and challenging. The Utilities often rely on third-party vendors to host, maintain, modify, and update its systems and these third-party vendors could cease to exist, fail to establish adequate processes to protect the Utilities systems and information, experience supply chain compromises or other internal or external security incidents. In addition, the Utilities are pursuing complex business transformation initiatives, which include the implementation of new systems and the upgrade or replacement of existing systems. Significant system changes increase the risk of system interruptions. Although the Utilities maintain change control processes to mitigate this risk, system interruptions may occur. Further, delay or failure to complete the integration of information systems and processes may result in delays in regulatory cost recovery, or the failure to realize the benefits anticipated to be derived from these initiatives. 
 The Utilities have disaster recovery and incident response plans in place to protect their businesses from information technology service interruptions. The disaster recovery plans, however, may not be successful in preventing the loss of customer data, service interruptions and disruptions to operations or damage to important facilities. If any of these systems fail to operate properly or become disabled and the Utilities disaster recovery plans do not effectively resolve the issues in a timely manner, the Utilities could suffer financial loss, business disruptions, liability to customers, regulatory intervention or damage to their reputations, any of which could have a material adverse effect on the Utilities and the Company s financial condition and results of operations. 
 ASB . ASB is highly dependent on its ability to process, on a daily basis, a large number of transactions and relies heavily on communication and information systems, including those of third-party vendors and other service providers. Communication and information system failures can result from a variety of risks including, but not limited to, events that are wholly or partially out of ASB s control, such as communication line integrity, weather, terrorist acts, natural disasters, accidental disasters, unauthorized breaches of security systems, energy delivery systems, cyberattacks and other events. 
 ASB is under continuous threat of loss due to cyberattacks, especially as ASB continues to expand customer capabilities to utilize the Internet and other digital channels to transact business. Two of the most significant cyberattack risks that ASB faces are e-fraud and loss of sensitive customer data. Loss from e-fraud occurs when cybercriminals extract funds directly from ASB or its customers accounts using fraudulent schemes that may include Internet-based funds transfers. ASB has been subject to e-fraud incidents historically. Loss of sensitive customer data are attempts to steal sensitive customer data, such as account numbers and social security numbers, through unauthorized access to computer systems, including computer hacking. Such attacks are less frequent, but could present significant reputational, legal and regulatory costs if successful. Intrusion detection and prevention systems, anti-virus software, firewalls and other general information technology controls have been put in place to detect and prevent cyberattacks or information system breaches. A disaster recovery plan has been developed in the event of a natural disaster, security breach, military or terrorist action, power or communication failure or similar event. The disaster recovery plan, however, may not be successful in preventing the loss of customer data, service interruptions, disruptions to operations or damage to important facilities. Although ASB devotes significant resources to maintain and regularly upgrade its systems and processes that are designed to protect the security of ASB s computer systems, software, networks and other technology assets and the confidentiality, integrity and availability of information belonging to ASB and its customers, there can be no assurance that such failures, interruptions or security breaches will not occur or, if they do occur, that they will be adequately corrected by ASB or its vendors. 
 If any of these systems fail to operate properly or become disabled even for a brief period of time, ASB could suffer financial loss, business disruptions, liability to customers, regulatory intervention or damage to its reputation, any of which could have a material adverse effect on ASB s and the Company s financial condition and results of operations. 
 Uninsured Losses HEI s businesses could suffer losses that are uninsured due to a lack of affordable insurance coverage, unavailability of insurance coverage or limitations on the insurance coverage the Company does have . In the ordinary course of business, HEI and its subsidiaries purchase insurance coverages (e.g., property and liability coverages) to protect against loss of, or damage to, their properties and against claims made by third parties and employees for property damage or personal injuries. However, the protection provided by such insurance is limited in significant respects and, in some instances, there is no coverage. Some of the insurance coverages have substantial deductibles or has limits on the maximum amounts that may be recovered. In common with other companies in its line of business, the Utilities overhead and underground transmission and distribution systems (with the exception of substation buildings and contents), which have a replacement value roughly estimated at 9 billion, are largely not insured against loss or damage because the amount of transmission and distribution system insurance capacity is limited and the premiums are cost prohibitive. Similarly, the Utilities have no business interruption insurance as the premiums for such insurance would be cost prohibitive, particularly since the Utilities are not interconnected to other systems. If a hurricane or other uninsured catastrophic natural disaster were to occur, and if the PUC did not allow the affected Utilities to recover from ratepayers restoration costs and revenues lost from business interruption, the lost revenues and 
 24 

repair expenses could result in a significant decrease in HEI s consolidated net income or in significant net losses for the affected periods. 
 ASB generally does not obtain credit enhancements, such as mortgagor bankruptcy insurance, but does require standard hazard and hurricane insurance and may require flood insurance for certain properties. ASB is subject to the risks of borrower defaults and bankruptcies, special hazard losses not covered by the required insurance and the insurance company s inability to pay claims on existing policies. 
 Environmental Regulation Increased federal and state environmental regulation will require an increasing commitment of resources and funds and could result in construction delays or penalties and fines for non-compliance . HEI and its subsidiaries are subject to federal, state and local environmental laws and regulations relating to air quality, water quality, hazardous substances, waste management, natural resources and health and safety, which regulate, among other matters, the operation of existing facilities, the construction and operation of new facilities and the proper cleanup and disposal of hazardous and toxic wastes and substances. These laws and regulations could result in increased capital, operating, and other costs. HEI or its subsidiaries are currently involved in investigatory or remedial actions at current, former or third-party sites and there is no assurance that the Company will not incur material costs relating to these sites. In addition, compliance with these legal requirements requires the Utilities to commit significant resources and funds toward, among other things, environmental monitoring, installation of pollution control equipment and payment of emission fees. These laws and regulations, among other things, require that certain environmental permits be obtained in order to construct or operate certain facilities, and obtaining such permits can entail significant expense and cause substantial construction delays. Also, these laws and regulations may be amended from time to time, including amendments that increase the burden and cost of compliance. For example, emission and/or discharge limits may be tightened, more extensive permitting requirements may be imposed and additional substances may become regulated. In addition, significant regulatory uncertainty exists regarding the impact of federal or state greenhouse gas emission limits and reductions. 
 If HEI or its subsidiaries fail to comply with environmental laws and regulations, even if caused by factors beyond their control, that failure may result in civil or criminal penalties and fines or the cessation of operations that could have a material adverse on the Company s financial condition or results of operations. 
 
 Electric utility risks. 
 The following risks are generally specific to Hawaiian Electric, but could have a material adverse effect on the Company s consolidated results of operations, financial condition and liquidity. 
 Regulatory Risk Actions of the PUC are outside the control of the Utilities and could result in inadequate or untimely rate increases, rate reductions or refunds or unanticipated delays, expenses or writedowns in connection with the construction of new projects . The rates the Utilities are allowed to charge for their services and the timeliness of permitted rate increases are among the most important items influencing the Utilities results of operations, financial condition and liquidity. The PUC has broad discretion over the rates that the Utilities charge their customers. On December 23, 2020, as part of the D O establishing the PBR Framework, the PUC established a five-year Multi-year Rate Period (MRP) during which there will be no general rate cases. In the fourth year of the MRP, the PUC will comprehensively review the PBR Framework to determine if any modifications or revisions are appropriate. 
 Any adverse decision by the PUC concerning the level or method of determining electric utility rates at the end of the MRP, including the items and amounts that may be included in rate base, the returns on equity or rate base found to be reasonable, the potential consequences of exceeding or not meeting such returns, the denial of exceptional project recovery applications during the MRP, adverse impact of adjustments made to the PBR Framework, decisions on recovery of exogenous items under the PBR Framework, or any prolonged delay in rendering a decision in a rate or other proceeding could have a material adverse effect on Hawaiian Electric s consolidated results of operations, financial condition and liquidity. 
 To improve the timing and certainty of the recovery of their costs, the Utilities have proposed and/or received approval of various cost recovery mechanisms, including an ECRC (includes a PUC-ordered 98 /2 risk-sharing split between customers and the Utilities for fossil fuel price variations from baseline prices, with a current annual aggregate exposure cap of +/- 3.7 million), a PPAC, and pension and OPEB tracking mechanisms, as well as a decoupling mechanism, an exceptional project recovery mechanism (EPRM) (formerly Major Project Interim Recovery (MPIR) adjustment mechanism), and a Renewable Energy Infrastructure Program surcharge. A change in, or the elimination of, any of these cost recovery mechanisms, could have a material adverse effect on the Utilities. See Regulatory mechanisms in Electric Utility s Business. 
 Under the PBR Framework, the Utilities annual revenue adjustment (ARA) includes a customer dividend consisting of a negative adjustment of 0.22 compounded annually and a flow through of the pre-PBR savings commitment from the management audit recommendations developed in the 2020 test year rate case. The ability of the Utilities to recover increasing costs and earn a reasonable return on capital investments not covered by the ARA or not achieving the customer dividend and 
 25 

cost savings commitment could have a material adverse effect on the Utilities. Under the PBR Framework, the existing PIMs continue, and the PUC established new PIMs and is working on additional PIMs with stakeholders. The assessment of penalties for not achieving performance goals or the failure to achieve PIMs rewards could affect the Utilities ability to achieve their allowed ROACEs and have a material adverse effect on the Utilities. 
 Based on the current operations of the Utilities and regulatory framework, including the impact of the approved PBR Framework, the Utilities continue to follow regulatory accounting under Accounting Standards Codification (ASC) 980. Continued accounting in this manner requires that certain criteria relating to the recoverability of such costs through rates be met, including achieved financial results that support the recovery of costs. If events or circumstances should change, such that the criteria are no longer satisfied, the Utilities expect that their regulatory assets (amounting to 243 million as of December 31, 2022), net of regulatory liabilities (amounting to 1,056 million as of December 31, 2022), would be charged to the statement of income in the period of discontinuance. See Performance-based regulation framework in Note 3 of the Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 The Utilities could be required to refund to their customers, with interest, revenues that have been or may be received under interim rate orders in their rate case proceedings and other proceedings, if and to the extent they exceed the amounts allowed in final orders. 
 Many public utility projects require PUC approval and various permits (e.g., environmental and land use permits) from other governmental agencies. Difficulties in obtaining, or the inability to obtain, the necessary approvals or permits, or any adverse decision or policy made or adopted, or any prolonged delay in rendering a decision, by an agency with respect to such approvals and permits, can result in significantly increased project costs or even cancellation of projects. In the event a project does not proceed, or if the PUC disallows cost recovery for all or part of a project, or if project costs exceed caps imposed by the PUC in its approval of the project, project costs may need to be written off in amounts that could result in significant reductions in Hawaiian Electric s consolidated net income. 
 See risk factor, COVID-19 Our business, financial condition, liquidity and results of operations are being and could continue to be adversely impacted by the ongoing effects of the COVID-19 pandemic in the Holding company and company-wide risk factor section for a discussion regarding the risks related to the recovery of deferred COVID-19 costs and expenses. 
 Weather Conditions Risk Electric utility operations are significantly influenced by weather conditions and natural disasters . The Utilities results of operations can be affected by the weather and natural disasters. Weather conditions, particularly temperature and humidity, directly influence the demand for electricity. In addition, severe weather and natural disasters, such as hurricanes, earthquakes, tsunamis, lava flows and lightning storms, some of which may become more severe or frequent as a result of global climate changes, have occurred in the past (such as the Kilauea eruption in 2018 which resulted in PGV s shutdown, and the Mauna Loa eruption in 2022) and will likely continue to occur in the future. When these events occur, they can cause outages and property damage and require the Utilities to incur significant additional expenses that may not be recoverable. 
 Climate Change Risk Electric utility operations may be significantly influenced by climate change . While the timing, extent and ultimate effects of climate change cannot be determined with any certainty, climate change is predicted to result in sea level rise, which could potentially impact coastal and other low-lying areas (where much of the Utilities electric infrastructure is sited), and could cause erosion of beaches, saltwater intrusion into aquifers and surface ecosystems, higher water tables and increased flooding and storm damage due to heavy rainfall. The effects of climate change on the weather (for example, floods, hurricanes, heat waves or drought conditions, the latter of which could increase wildfire risk), sea levels, and water availability and quality, all have the potential to materially adversely affect the results of operations, financial condition and liquidity of the Utilities. For example, severe weather and its related impacts could cause significant harm to the Utilities physical facilities. 
 Third Party Performance Risk Electric utility operations depend heavily on third-party suppliers of fuel and purchased power . The Utilities rely on fuel suppliers and shippers, and IPPs to deliver fuel and power, respectively, in accordance with contractual agreements. Approximately 72 of the net energy generated or purchased by the Utilities in 2022 was generated from the burning of fossil fuel oil, and purchases of power by the Utilities provided about 43 of their total net energy generated and purchased for the same period. Failure or delay by fuel suppliers and shippers to provide fuel pursuant to existing contracts, or failure by a major IPP to deliver the firm capacity anticipated in its PPA, could disrupt the ability of the Utilities to deliver electricity, affect the Utilities maintenance schedules that could affect future reliability and require the Utilities to incur additional expenses to meet the needs of their customers that may not be recoverable. In addition, as the IPP contracts near the end of their terms, there may be less economic incentive for the IPPs to make investments in their units to ensure the availability of their units. Also, as these contractual agreements end, the Utilities may not be able to purchase fuel and power on terms equivalent to the current contractual agreements. 
 26 

Capacity Risk The capacity provided by the Utilities generating resources and third-party purchased power may not be sufficient to meet customers energy requirements . The Utilities rely upon their generating resources and purchased power from third parties to meet their customers energy requirements. The Utilities update their generation capacity evaluation each year to determine the Utilities ability to meet reasonably expected demands for service and provide reasonable reserves for emergencies and other unplanned events. These evaluations are impacted by a variety of factors, including customer energy demand, energy conservation and efficiency initiatives, economic conditions, and weather patterns. If the capacity provided by the Utilities generating resources and third-party purchased power is not adequate relative to customer demand, the Utilities may have to contract to buy more power from third parties, invest in additional generating facilities over the long-term, or extend the operating life of existing utility units. Any failure to meet customer energy requirements could negatively impact the satisfaction of the Utilities customers, which could have an adverse impact on the Utilities business, reputation and results of operations. 
 Stakeholder Activism Risk Electric utility and third-party purchased power projects may be significantly impacted by stakeholder activism . The potential impact of stakeholder activism could increase total utility project costs, and delay the permitting, construction and overall timing or preclude the completion of third-party or utility projects that are required to meet electricity demand, resilience and reliability objectives, and RPS and other climate related goals. If a utility project cannot be completed, the project costs may need to be written off in amounts that could result in significant reductions in Hawaiian Electric s consolidated net income and negatively impact its financial condition and liquidity. 
 Operational Risk Electric utility generating facilities are subject to operational risks that could result in unscheduled plant outages, unanticipated and/or increased operation and maintenance expenses and increased power purchase costs . Operation of electric generating facilities involves certain risks which can adversely affect energy output and efficiency levels. Included among these risks are facility shutdowns or power interruptions due to insufficient generation or a breakdown or failure of equipment or processes. In addition, operations could be negatively impacted by interruptions in fuel supply, inability to negotiate satisfactory collective bargaining agreements when existing agreements expire or other labor disputes, inability to comply with regulatory or permit requirements, disruptions in delivery of electricity, operator error and catastrophic events such as earthquakes, tsunamis, hurricanes, fires, explosions, lava flows, floods or other similar occurrences affecting the Utilities generating facilities or transmission and distribution systems. 
 Legislative Risk The Utilities may be adversely affected by new legislation or administrative actions . Congress, the Hawaii legislature and governmental agencies periodically consider legislation and other initiatives that could have uncertain or negative effects on the Utilities and their customers. Congress, the Hawaii legislature and governmental agencies have adopted, or are considering adopting, a number of measures that will significantly affect the Utilities, as described below. 
 Renewable Portfolio Standards law . The 2001 Hawaii Legislature adopted a law requiring the Utilities to meet a renewable portfolio standard, which has been amended over the years. The most recent amendment to Hawaii s RPS law occurred in 2015, which requires the electric utilities to meet an RPS of 15 , 30 , 40 , 70 and 100 by December 31, 2015, 2020, 2030, 2040 and 2045 respectively. Energy savings resulting from energy efficiency programs do not count toward the RPS after 2014. In July 2022, Governor Ige signed Act 240 (H.B.2089), that amended the RPS calculation from renewable energy as a percentage of sales to renewable energy as a percentage of total generation. The amended RPS calculation results in a lower calculated percentage than the amount calculated under the previous methodology. The change in the definition is to be applied prospectively to future milestone measurements and will require that the Utilities acquire more renewable energy than under the previous RPS calculation to comply with the RPS milestones. The Utilities are committed to achieving these goals and met the 2015 and 2020 RPS; however, due to the exclusion of energy savings in calculating RPS after 2014 and risks such as potential delays in IPPs being able to deliver contracted renewable energy, it is possible the Utilities may not attain the required renewable percentages in the future, and management cannot predict the future consequences of failure to do so (including potential penalties to be assessed by the PUC). On December 19, 2008, the PUC approved a penalty of 20 for every MWh that an electric utility is deficient under Hawaii s RPS law. The PUC noted, however, that this penalty may be reduced, in the PUC s discretion, due to events or circumstances that are outside an electric utility s reasonable control, to the extent the event or circumstance could not be reasonably foreseen and ameliorated, as described in the RPS law and in an RPS framework adopted by the PUC. In addition, the PUC ordered that the Utilities will be prohibited from recovering any RPS penalty costs through rates. 
 Renewable energy. In 2007, a measure was passed by the Hawaii legislature stating that the PUC may consider the need for increased renewable energy in rendering decisions on utility matters. Due to this measure, it is possible that, if energy from a renewable source is more expensive than energy from fossil fuel, the PUC may still approve the purchase of energy from the renewable source, resulting in higher costs. 
 Global climate change and greenhouse gas emissions reduction . National and international concern about climate change and the contribution of greenhouse gas (GHG) emissions (including carbon dioxide emissions from the combustion of 
 27 

fossil fuels) to climate change have led to federal legislative and regulatory proposals and action by the state of Hawaii to reduce GHG emissions. 
 In July 2007, the State Legislature passed Act 234, which requires a statewide reduction of GHG emissions by January 1, 2020 to levels at or below the statewide GHG emission levels in 1990. On June 20, 2014, the Governor signed the final rules required to implement Act 234 and these rules went into effect on June 30, 2014. In general, Act 234 and the GHG rule require affected sources that have the potential to emit GHGs in excess of established thresholds to reduce their GHG emissions by 16 below 2010 emission levels by 2020. In accordance with state requirements, the Utilities submitted an Emissions Reduction Plan (ERP) to the DOH on June 30, 2015, with the most recent revision filed on June 9, 2020, to reflect the partnership established between the Utilities and several IPPs. In this plan, the partnership committed to a 16 reduction in GHG emissions in accordance with the rule, which the partnership achieved in 2017 in advance of the 2020 requirement. The DOH issued the air permits incorporating the ERP, including provisions to address the period of unavailability of the PGV facility on Hawaii Island. It is expected that with the advent of additional renewable projects and the application to the PUC with respect to the expansion of the PPA for the PGV project, the goals should be attainable. 
 Hawaii Revised Statutes (HRS) 269-6(b) requires that in making determinations of the reasonableness of the costs pertaining to electric or gas utility system capital improvements and operations, the PUC shall explicitly consider, quantitatively or qualitatively, the effect of the state s reliance on fossil fuels on price volatility, export of funds for fuel imports, fuel supply reliability risk, and greenhouse gas emissions. Based on HRS 269-6(b) and recent case law discussing the scope of this section, the Utilities are performing GHG analyses to quantitatively or qualitatively describe the GHG emissions of proposed projects that are submitted to the PUC for approval. 
 In June 2018, House Bill 2182 was signed into law as Act 15 and took effect on July 1, 2018. Among its provisions, Act 15 aligned the state s clean energy and carbon sequestration efforts with climate initiative goals and established a statewide carbon neutral goal by 2045. Under this Act, efforts would be made to sequester more atmospheric carbon and greenhouse gases than emitted within the state as quickly as practicable, but no later than 2045. The Hawaii Climate Change Mitigation and Adaptation Commission, administratively placed under the State Department of Land and Natural Resources, was charged with endeavoring to achieve the target, and giving consideration to the impact of its plans, decisions and strategies on the state s ability to attain the goal. The general functions, duties and powers of the Hawaii Climate Change Mitigation and Adaptation Commission are set forth in HRS 225P-3. To achieve its mandates, the Hawaii Climate Change Mitigation and Adaptation Commission may recommend plans, decisions and strategies that could have an impact on various entities including the Utilities. In July 2022, House Bill 1800 was signed into law as Act 238 and took effect on July 1, 2022. The Act established a goal for the statewide greenhouse gas emissions limit to be at least 50 below 2005 levels by 2030. 
 The Utilities have taken, and continue to identify opportunities to take, direct action to reduce GHG emissions from their operations, including, but not limited to, supporting demand-side management programs that foster energy efficiency, using renewable resources for energy production and purchasing power from IPPs generated by renewable resources, and burning renewable biodiesel at selected Hawaiian Electric and Maui Electric generating units. In November 2021, the Utilities committed to a 70 reduction in power generation GHG emissions by 2030 compared to a 2005 baseline and achievement of net zero carbon emissions from power generation by 2045. While the reduction is not mandated by law, the Utilities could suffer reputational harm if it fails to achieve its commitments, which may negatively impact its business. 
 The foregoing legislation or legislation that now is, or may in the future be, proposed, such as potential carbon cap and trade legislation that, if applicable, may fundamentally alter costs to produce electricity and accelerate the move to renewable generation, present risks and uncertainties for the Utilities. 
 Renewable Transition Risk The Utilities may be subject to increased operational challenges and their results of operations, financial condition and liquidity may be adversely impacted in meeting the commitments and objectives of clean energy initiatives, Renewable Portfolio Standards (RPS) and other climate related goals . The far-reaching nature of the Utilities renewable energy commitments and the RPS and other climate related goals present risks to the Company. Among such risks are: (1) the potential delay by the Public Utilities Commission of the State of Hawaii (PUC) in considering (and potential disapproval of actual or proposed) renewable energy proposals and related costs; (2) the dependence on outside parties, such as the state, developers and third-party suppliers of renewable purchased energy, which if the Utilities are unsuccessful in negotiating purchased power agreements with such IPPs or if a major IPP delays or fails to deliver the anticipated capacity and/or energy in its purchased power agreement, could impact the Utilities achievement of their commitments to RPS and other climate related goals, eligibility for performance incentive mechanisms associated with the speed of increasing renewable generation, the ability to retire fossil fuel units, and/or the Utilities ability to deliver reliable service; (3) delays in acquiring or unavailability of non-fossil fuel supplies for renewable generation; (4) the impact of intermittent power to the electrical grid and reliability of service if appropriate supporting infrastructure is not installed or does not operate effectively; (5) the inability to recover the undepreciated cost of fossil fuel generating units if they are required to be retired before the end of their expected useful life; (6) uncertainties surrounding current and future renewable technologies, 
 28 

such as solar power, wind power, biofuels, battery storage, hydro, hydrogen, as well as related environmental assessments required to meet RPS and other climate related goals; (7) the impacts of implementation of the renewable energy proposals on future costs of electricity and potential penalties imposed by the PUC for delays in the commercial operations of renewable energy projects; (8) the likelihood that the Utilities may need to make substantial investments in related infrastructure, which could result in increased borrowings and, therefore, materially impact the financial condition and liquidity of the Utilities; (9) the imputed debt related to the pending renewable power purchase agreements under the stage 1, stage 2, stage 3 and other RFPs could result in a credit rating downgrade for the Utilities and the Company; and (10) the commitment to support a variety of initiatives, which, if approved by the PUC, may have a material impact on the results of operations and financial condition of the Utilities depending on their design and implementation. These initiatives include, but are not limited to, programs to enable more customer-sited generation. The implementation of these or other programs may adversely impact the results of operations, financial condition and liquidity of the Utilities. 
 
 Bank risks. 
 The following risks are generally specific to ASB, but could have a material adverse effect on the Company s consolidated results of operations, financial condition and liquidity. 
 Interest Rate Risk Fluctuations in interest rates could result in lower net interest income, impair ASB s ability to originate new loans or impair the ability of ASB s adjustable-rate borrowers to make increased payments or cause such borrowers to repay their adjustable-rate loans or impact ASB s ability to attract deposits . Interest rate risk is a significant risk of ASB s operations. ASB s net interest income consists primarily of interest income received on fixed-rate and adjustable-rate loans, mortgage-backed securities and investments, less interest expense consisting primarily of interest paid on deposits and other borrowings. Interest rate risk arises when earning assets mature or when their interest rates change in a time frame different from that of the costing liabilities. Changes in market interest rates, including changes in the relationship between short-term and long-term market interest rates (e.g., a flat or an inverted yield curve) or between different interest rate indices, and the duration and severity of the changes in market interest rates can impact ASB s net interest margin. See Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk. 
 Although ASB pursues an asset-liability management strategy designed to mitigate its risk from changes in market interest rates, unfavorable movements in interest rates could result in lower net interest income. Residential 1-4 family fixed-rate mortgage loans comprised about 38 of ASB s loan portfolio as of December 31, 2022 and do not re-price with movements in interest rates. ASB continues to face a challenging interest rate environment. Increases in market interest rates could have an adverse impact on ASB s cost of funds. Higher market interest rates could lead to higher interest rates paid on deposits and other borrowings. Significant increases in market interest rates, or the perception that an increase may occur, could adversely affect ASB s ability to originate new loans and grow. An increase in market interest rates, especially a sudden increase, similar to the rapid federal funds rate increases experienced in 2022, could also adversely affect the ability of ASB s adjustable-rate borrowers to meet their higher payment obligations. If this occurred, it could cause an increase in nonperforming assets and charge-offs. Conversely, a decrease in interest rates or a mismatching of maturities of interest sensitive financial instruments could result in an acceleration in the prepayment of loans and mortgage-backed securities and impact ASB s ability to reinvest its liquidity in similar yielding assets. 
 ASB relies on customer deposits as a sizable source of relatively stable and low-cost funds. Changes in market interest rates impact the interest paid on deposits and can significantly impact the Bank s net interest income. Changes in interest rates may also impact the level of low-cost core deposits that the Bank s customers maintain in their accounts, which may require ASB to seek higher costing wholesale borrowings. 
 LIBOR Sunset Transition Risk Changes in the method for determining London Interbank Offered Rate (LIBOR) and the potential replacement of LIBOR may affect our loan portfolio and interest income on loans . On July 27, 2017, the United Kingdom s Financial Conduct Authority (FCA), which regulates LIBOR, announced that it intended to phase out LIBOR by the end of 2021. On March 5, 2021, the ICE Benchmark Administration Limited (IBA), as administrator of LIBOR, publicly announced that it intended to cease publication of one week and two-month USD LIBOR tenors on December 31, 2021 and the remaining USD LIBOR tenors on June 30, 2023. The U.S. Federal Reserve, in conjunction with the Alternative Reference Rates Committee, a steering committee composed of large U.S. financial institutions, announced replacement of U.S. dollar LIBOR with a new index calculated by short-term repurchase agreements, backed by U.S. Treasury securities called the Secured Overnight Financing Rate (SOFR). ASB has loans and other financial instruments with rates that are either directly or indirectly tied to LIBOR. Failure to adequately manage this transition process with our customers could adversely impact the Bank s reputation. 
 ASB has formed a cross-functional project team to oversee the transition. The project team reports to Management and the Board on a periodic basis. The project team is organized around key work streams which cover products, systems and operational processes impacted by the transition as well as client communication. The project team has completed an inventory 
 29 

of existing LIBOR-indexed products, which are monitored on an ongoing basis. In addition, the project team has retired all LIBOR-based originations as of December 31, 2021 and continues to offer floating rate loans with alternative indices, including SOFR. ASB will continue to monitor legacy contracts and will continue the orderly transition away from LIBOR by June 30, 2023 in accordance with the OCC and other federal financial institution regulatory agencies statement on LIBOR transition. 
 Credit Risk ASB s allowance for credit losses may not cover actual loan losses . ASB s allowance for credit losses is ASB s estimate of lifetime expected credit losses on financial instruments and other commitments to extend credit and is based on a continuing assessment of: 
 existing risks in the loan portfolio; 
 historical loss experience with ASB s loans; 
 changes in collateral value; 
 current conditions (for example, economic conditions, real estate market conditions and interest rate environment); and 
 reasonable and supportable forecasts that affect the collectability of the reported amount. 
 
 If ASB s actual loan losses exceed its allowance for credit losses, it may incur losses, its financial condition may be materially and adversely affected, and additional capital may be required to enhance its capital position. In addition, various regulatory agencies, as an integral part of their examination process, regularly review the adequacy of ASB s allowance. These agencies may require ASB to establish additional allowances based on their judgment of the information available at the time of their examinations. No assurance can be given that ASB will not sustain loan losses in excess of present or future levels of its allowance for credit losses. 
 Operational Risk ASB s operations are affected by factors that are beyond its control, that could result in lower revenues, higher expenses or decreased demand for its products and services . ASB s results of operations depend primarily on the income generated by the supply of, and demand for, its products and services, which primarily consist of loans and deposit services. ASB s revenues and expenses may be adversely affected by various factors, including: 
 local, regional, national and other economic and political conditions that could result in declines in employment and real estate values, which in turn could adversely affect the ability of borrowers to make loan payments and the ability of ASB to recover the full amounts owing to it under defaulted loans; 
 the ability of borrowers to obtain insurance and the ability of ASB to place insurance where borrowers fail to do so, particularly in the event of catastrophic damage to collateral securing loans made by ASB; 
 faster than expected loan prepayments that can cause an acceleration of the amortization of premiums on loans and investments and the impairment of mortgage servicing assets of ASB; 
 changes in ASB s loan portfolio credit profiles and asset quality, which may increase or decrease the required level of allowance for credit losses; 
 technological disruptions affecting ASB s operations or financial or operational difficulties experienced by any outside vendor on whom ASB relies to provide key components of its business operations, such as business processing, network access or internet connections; 
 events of default and foreclosure of loans whereby ASB becomes the owner of mortgage properties that presents environmental risk or potential clean up liability; 
 the impact of legislative and regulatory changes, including changes affecting capital requirements, increasing oversight of and reporting by banks, or affecting the lending programs or other business activities of ASB; 
 additional legislative changes regulating the assessment of overdraft, interchange and credit card fees, which can have a negative impact on noninterest income; 
 public opinion about ASB and financial institutions in general, which, if negative, could impact the public s trust and confidence in ASB and adversely affect ASB s ability to attract and retain customers and expose ASB to adverse legal and regulatory consequences; 
 increases in operating costs (including employee compensation expense and benefits and regulatory compliance costs), inflation and other factors, that exceed increases in ASB s net interest, fee and other income; and 
 the ability of ASB to maintain or increase the level of deposits, ASB s lowest costing funds. 
 Banking Regulatory Risk Banking and related regulations could result in significant restrictions being imposed on ASB s business or in a requirement that HEI divest ASB . ASB is subject to examination and comprehensive regulation by the Department of Treasury, the OCC and the FDIC, and is subject to reserve requirements established by the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System. In addition, the FRB is responsible for regulating ASB s holding companies, HEI and ASB Hawaii. The regulatory authorities have extensive discretion in connection with their supervisory and enforcement activities and examination policies to address not only ASB s compliance with applicable banking laws and regulations, but also capital adequacy, asset quality, management ability and performance, earnings, liquidity and various other factors. 
 30 

Under certain circumstances, including any determination that ASB s relationship with HEI results in an unsafe and unsound banking practice, these regulatory authorities have the authority to restrict the ability of ASB to transfer assets and to make distributions to its shareholders (including payment of dividends to HEI), or they could seek to require HEI to sever its relationship with or divest its ownership of ASB. Payment by ASB of dividends to HEI may also be restricted by the OCC and FRB under its prompt corrective action regulations or its capital distribution regulations if ASB s capital position deteriorates. In order to maintain its status as a QTL, ASB is required to maintain at least 65 of its assets in qualified thrift investments. Institutions that fail to maintain QTL status are subject to various penalties, including limitations on their activities. In ASB s case, the activities of HEI and HEI s other subsidiaries would also be subject to restrictions, and a failure or inability to comply with those restrictions could effectively result in the required divestiture of ASB. Federal legislation has also been proposed in the past that could operate to eliminate the thrift charter or the grandfathered status of HEI as a unitary thrift holding company, which in turn would result in a required divestiture of ASB. In the event of a required divestiture, federal law substantially limits the types of entities that could potentially acquire ASB. 
 Bank Regulatory Risk - Heightened regulatory requirements if ASB s total assets exceed 10 billion . As of December 31, 2022, ASB had total assets of approximately 9.5 billion and it is possible that total assets could exceed 10 billion in the near future. The Dodd-Frank Act and its implementing regulations impose enhanced supervisory requirements on financial institutions with more than 10 billion in total assets. For financial institutions with more than 10 billion in total assets, such requirements include, among other things: 
 Applicability of Volcker Rule requirements and restrictions; 
 Increased capital leverage, liquidity and risk management standards; 
 Examinations by the CFPB for compliance with federal consumer financial protection laws and regulations; and 
 Limits on interchange fees on debit cards (Durbin Amendment). 
 The Economic Growth, Regulatory Relief and Consumer Protection Act (EGRRCPA), which was enacted in 2018, amended the Dodd-Frank Act to raise the 10 billion stress testing threshold to 250 billion, among other things. The federal financial regulators issued final rules in 2019 to increase the threshold for these stress testing requirements from 10 billion to 250 billion, consistent with the EGRRCPA. 
 ASB is already subject to limits for its interchange fees on debit cards as the Bank s parent company, HEI, has total assets exceeding 10 billion and the Durbin Amendment did not exclude unitary thrift holding companies from the threshold for holding company assets subject to interchange fee limits. 
 Federal financial regulators may require ASB to take actions to prepare for compliance with the foregoing requirements before it exceeds 10 billion in total assets. ASB s regulators may consider its preparation for compliance with these regulatory requirements when examining the Bank s operations or considering any request for regulatory approval. ASB may, therefore, incur compliance costs before it reaches 10 billion in total assets and may be required to maintain the additional compliance procedures even if the Bank does not grow at the anticipated rate or at all. 
 Failure to comply with these new requirements may negatively impact the results of ASB s operations and financial condition. To ensure compliance, the Bank may be required to invest significant resources, which may necessitate hiring additional personnel and implementing additional internal controls. These additional compliance costs may have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. 
 Legislative Risk Legislative and regulatory initiatives could have an adverse effect on ASB s business . From time to time, new legislative and other regulatory initiatives are enacted, which could have an adverse effect on ASB s business. For example, the Dodd-Frank Act, which became law in July 2010, has had a substantial impact on the financial services industry. Failure to comply with laws, regulations or policies could result in sanctions by regulatory agencies, civil money penalties and/or reputational damage, which could have a material adverse effect on ASB s business, results of operations, financial condition and liquidity. 
 Product Concentration Risk A large percentage of ASB s loans and securities are collateralized by real estate, and adverse changes in the real estate market and/or general economic or other conditions may result in loan losses and adversely affect the Company s profitability . As of December 31, 2022 approximately 83 of ASB s loan portfolio was comprised of loans primarily collateralized by real estate, most of which was concentrated in the State of Hawaii. During 2022, ASB s home equity lines of credit (HELOC) increased 20 and the residential 1-4 family portfolios increased by 8 , comprising approximately 70 of total real estate loans. ASB s financial results may be adversely affected by changes in prevailing economic conditions, either nationally or in the state. ASB had been pursuing a strategy that included expanding its commercial, commercial real estate and consumer lines of business. Commercial and commercial real estate loans have a higher risk profile than residential loans, in part due to larger average balances than residential loans. Though both commercial and commercial real estate loans have shorter terms and earn higher spreads than residential mortgage loans, these loan types 
 31 

generally entail higher underwriting and other service costs and present greater credit risks than traditional residential mortgages. Commercial loans are secured by the assets of the business and, upon default, any collateral repossessed may not be sufficient to repay the outstanding loan balance. In addition, loan collections are dependent on the borrower s continuing financial stability and, thus, are more likely to be affected by current economic conditions and adverse business developments. Commercial real estate properties tend to be unique and are more difficult to value than residential real estate properties. Commercial real estate loans may not be fully amortizing, meaning that they have a significant principal balance or balloon payment due at maturity. In addition, commercial real estate properties, particularly industrial and warehouse properties, are generally subject to relatively greater environmental risks than noncommercial properties and to the corresponding burdens and costs of compliance with environmental laws and regulations. Also, there may be costs and delays involved in enforcing rights of a property owner against tenants in default under terms of leases with respect to commercial properties. For example, a tenant may seek protection under bankruptcy laws, which could result in termination of the tenant s lease. 
 ASB also has a national syndicated lending portfolio where ASB is a participant in credit facilities agented by established and reputable national lenders. Management selectively chooses each deal based on conservative credit criteria to ensure a high-quality, well diversified portfolio. In the event the borrower encounters financial difficulties and ASB is unable to sell its participation interest in the loan in the secondary market, ASB is typically reliant on the originating lender for managing any loan workout or foreclosure proceedings that may become necessary. Accordingly, ASB has less control over such proceedings than loans it originates and may be required to accommodate the interests of other participating lenders in resolving delinquencies or defaults on participated loans, which could result in outcomes that are not fully consistent with ASB s preferred strategies. In addition, a significant proportion of ASB s syndicated loans are originated in states other than Hawaii and are subject to the local regional and regulatory risks specific to those states. 
 Similar to the national syndicated lending portfolio, ASB does not service commercial loans in which it has participation interests rather than being the lead or agent lender and is subject to the policies and practices of the agent lender, who is the loan servicer, in resolving delinquencies or defaults on participated loans. 
 The consumer loan portfolio primarily consists of personal unsecured loans with risk-based pricing. Repayment is based on the borrower s financial stability as these loans have no collateral and there is less assurance that ASB will be able to collect all payments due under these loans or have sufficient collateral to cover all outstanding loan balances. 
 General Risk Factors. 
 ESG Risk Increased scrutiny and changing stakeholder expectations with respect to our environmental, social and governance (ESG) programs may result in increased costs and expenses and may expose the Company to new or incremental risks . Companies across all industries, including HEI, face increasing stakeholder scrutiny related to ESG practices. These stakeholders include investors, customers, consumers, employees, lenders and other stakeholders, and in recent years, certain stakeholders have placed increasing importance on the impact and social cost of their investments. This increased focus and activism related to ESG may hinder the cost of, or access to, capital or financing as these investors or lenders may elect to increase their required returns on capital offered to the company, reallocate capital or not commit capital as a result of their assessment of a company s ESG risk profile. Additionally, if the Company fails to adapt, or is perceived to have failed in addressing investor, lender, and other stakeholder ESG expectations or standards, which continue to evolve, or if the Company fails to fully and accurately report its progress on managing risk under its ESG initiatives, the Company may suffer reputational damage and its business or financial condition could be materially and adversely affected. 
 Human Capital Risk HEI s businesses may be unable to attract, hire, engage and retain a highly skilled and diverse workforce, including senior management, which could affect the Company s execution of its growth strategy and profitability and adversely affect its future performance . The skill and experience of the Company s employees, particularly with respect to the senior management team, are vital to the Company s success. The management teams of HEI s businesses have significant industry experience and would be difficult to replace. Failure to attract, hire, develop, motivate, and retain highly qualified and diverse employee talent, to develop and implement adequate succession plans for the senior management team, or to maintain a successful work culture that fosters collaboration, innovation, and good communication could disrupt the Company s operations and adversely affect its businesses and its future success. In addition, a variety of economic and social factors are exacerbating the current labor supply shortage, which may make it difficult to staff critical positions and retain key employees, and could result in significantly higher costs to maintain appropriate staffing levels with the right talent. The inability to fill these positions or a delay in staffing these positions could have a significant impact on the Company s initiatives and strategies, which in turn would adversely affect the Company s businesses and their future prospects. 
 Inflation Risk The Company s costs and expenses could increase as a result of inflationary pressures and such increases may not be fully offset by an increase in revenues . A variety of economic and social factors have recently driven inflation to levels above the Federal Reserve Board s long-term target of 2 . Long-term inflationary pressures could result in higher labor, fuel oil, commodities, materials and supplies, outside services and capital costs, among others, that may not fully be offset by 
 32 

an increase in revenues, which would adversely affect the Company s profitability and results of operations. For example, while the Utilities annual revenue adjustment mechanism provides for an annual inflationary adjustment, recent months annualized rates of inflation have surpassed the rate of the last inflationary adjustment for the Utilities target revenues. To the extent the Utilities increase in actual expenses exceeds the amount provided by the last inflationary adjustment and the Utilities are unable to offset such excess with other efficiencies or cost savings, the Utilities profitability could be adversely impacted. Similarly, to the extent that higher labor and other costs at ASB, due to inflation or other factors, is not fully offset by an increase in non-interest income or net interest income, which is dependent on interest rates, the shape of the yield curve, earning assets growth and low-cost deposit liabilities, the Bank s profitability and results of operations would be adversely impacted. 
 Pension Liability Risk HEI and Hawaiian Electric and their subsidiaries may incur higher retirement benefits expenses and have and will likely continue to be subject to substantial liabilities for retirement benefits . Retirement benefits expenses and cash funding requirements could increase in future years depending on numerous factors, including, but not limited to, the performance of the U.S. equity markets, trends in interest rates and health care costs, plan amendments, mortality improvements, new laws relating to pension funding and changes in accounting principles. For the Utilities, however, retirement benefits expenses, as adjusted by the pension and postretirement benefits other than pensions (OPEB) tracking mechanisms, have been an allowable expense for rate-making purposes. 
 Tax Legislation Risk Adverse tax rulings or developments or changes in tax legislation could result in significant increases in tax payments and/or expense . Governmental taxing authorities could challenge a tax return position taken by HEI or its subsidiaries and if the taxing authorities prevail, HEI s consolidated tax payments and/or expense, including applicable penalties and interest, could increase significantly. Additionally, changes in tax legislation or IRS interpretations could increase the Company s tax burden and adversely affect the Company s financial position, results of operations, and cash flows. 
 Litigation Risk The Company could be subject to the risk of uninsured losses in excess of its accruals for litigation matters . HEI and its subsidiaries are involved in routine litigation in the ordinary course of their businesses, most of which is covered by insurance (subject to policy limits and deductibles). However, other litigation may arise that is not routine or involves claims that may not be covered by insurance. Because of the uncertainties associated with litigation, there is a risk that litigation against HEI or its subsidiaries, even if vigorously defended, could result in costs of defense and judgment or settlement amounts not covered by insurance and in excess of reserves established in HEI s consolidated financial statements. 
 Changes in Accounting Estimates Risk Changes in accounting principles and estimates could affect the reported amounts of the Company s assets and liabilities or revenues and expenses . HEI s consolidated financial statements are prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the U.S. Changes in accounting principles (including the possible adoption of International Financial Reporting Standards or new U.S. accounting standards), or changes in the Company s application of existing accounting principles, could materially affect the financial statement presentation of HEI s or the Utilities consolidated results of operations and/or financial condition. Further, in preparing the consolidated financial statements, management is required to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities, the disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses. Actual results could differ significantly from those estimates. Material estimates that are particularly susceptible to significant change include the amounts reported for electric utility revenues; allowance for credit losses; income taxes; investment securities, property, plant and equipment; regulatory assets and liabilities; derivatives; pension and other postretirement benefit obligations; and contingencies and litigation. 
 Changes in accounting principles can also impact HEI s consolidated financial statements. For example, if management determines that a PPA requires the consolidation of the IPP in the financial statements, the consolidation could have a material effect on Hawaiian Electric s and HEI s consolidated financial statements, including the recognition of a significant amount of assets and liabilities and, if such a consolidated IPP were operating at a loss and had insufficient equity, the potential recognition of such losses. 
 
 ITEM 1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS 
 HEI: None. 
 Hawaiian Electric: Not applicable. 
 
 ITEM 2. PROPERTIES 
 HEI and Hawaiian Electric: See the Properties sections under HEI, Electric utility and Bank in Item 1. Business above. 
 
 ITEM 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 
 HEI and Hawaiian Electric: HEI and Hawaiian Electric (including their direct and indirect subsidiaries) may be involved in ordinary routine PUC proceedings, environmental proceedings and/or litigation incidental to their respective businesses. See the 
 33 

descriptions of legal proceedings (including judicial proceedings and proceedings before the PUC and environmental and other administrative agencies) in Item 1. Business, in HEI s MD A and in the Notes 3 and 4 of the Consolidated Financial Statements. The outcomes of litigation and administrative proceedings are necessarily uncertain and there is a risk that the outcome of such matters could have a material adverse effect on the financial position, results of operations or liquidity of HEI or one or more of its subsidiaries for a particular period in the future. 
 
 ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURE 
 HEI and Hawaiian Electric: Not applicable. 

INFORMATION ABOUT OUR EXECUTIVE OFFICERS (HEI) 
 The executive officers of HEI are listed below. Mss. Kimura and Teranishi are officers of HEI subsidiaries rather than of HEI, but are deemed to be executive officers of HEI under SEC Rule 3b-7 promulgated under the 1934 Exchange Act. HEI executive officers serve from the date of their initial appointment and are reappointed annually by the HEI Board (or annually by the applicable HEI subsidiary board), and thereafter are appointed for one-year terms or until their successors have been duly appointed and qualified or until their earlier resignation or removal. HEI executive officers may also hold offices with HEI subsidiaries and affiliates in addition to their current positions listed below. 
 Name Age Business experience for last 5 years and prior positions with the Company Scott W. H. Seu 57 HEI President and Chief Executive Officer since 1/22 
 HEI Director since 1/22 
 ASB Chair of the Board since 1/22 
 ASB Hawaii Director since 1/22 
 Hawaiian Electric President and Chief Executive Officer, 2/20 to 12/21 
 Hawaiian Electric Director, 2/20 to 12/21 
 Hawaiian Electric Senior Vice President, Public Affairs, 1/17 to 2/20 
 Hawaiian Electric Vice President, System Operation, 5/14 to 12/16 
 Hawaiian Electric Vice President, Energy Resources and Operations, 1/13 to 4/14 
 Hawaiian Electric Vice President, Energy Resources, 8/10 to 12/12 
 Hawaiian Electric Manager, Resource Acquisition Department, 3/09 to 8/10 
 Hawaiian Electric Manager, Energy Projects Department, 5/04 to 3/09 
 Hawaiian Electric Manager, Customer Installations Department, 1/03 to 5/04 
 Hawaiian Electric Manager, Environmental Department, 4/98 to 12/02 
 Hawaiian Electric Principal Environmental Scientist, 1/97 to 4/98 
 Hawaiian Electric Senior Environmental Scientist, 5/96 to 12/96 
 Hawaiian Electric Environmental Scientist, 8/93 to 5/96 
 Paul K. Ito 52 HEI Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer, since 1/23 
 HEI Vice President - Tax, Controller and Treasurer and Interim Chief Financial Officer, 7/22 to 12/22 
 HEI Vice President - Tax, Controller and Treasurer, 11/19 to 7/22 
 HEI Vice President - Tax and Controller, 2/18 to 11/19 
 Prior to joining the Company in 2018: Alexander Baldwin, Senior Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer 2012 - 2018 
 Kurt K. Murao 53 HEI Executive Vice President, General Counsel, Chief Administrative Officer and Corporate Secretary since 1/20 
 HEI Vice President - Legal Administration and Corporate Secretary, 10/16 to 12/19 
 HEI Associate General Counsel, 3/11 to 10/16 
 Shelee M. T. Kimura 49 Hawaiian Electric President and Chief Executive Officer since 1/22 
 Hawaiian Electric Senior Vice President, Customer Service and Public Affairs, 3/21 to 12/21 
 Hawaiian Electric Senior Vice President, Customer Service, 2/19 to 3/21 
 Hawaiian Electric Senior Vice President, Business Development Strategic Planning, 1/17 to 2/19 
 Hawaiian Electric Vice President, Corporate Planning Business Development, 5/14 to 1/17 
 HEI Director, Investor Relations, Strategic Planning Budget, 11/09 to 5/14 
 HEI Manager, Corporate Finance and Investments, 8/04 to 11/09 
 Ann C. Teranishi 48 ASB President and Chief Executive Officer since 5/21 
 ASB Director since 5/21 
 ASB Executive Vice President, Operations, 2/18 to 5/21 
 ASB Senior Vice President, Director of Operations, 1/17 to 1/18 
 ASB Senior Vice President, Customer Experience, 5/14 to 1/17 
 ASB Senior Vice President, Director of Retail Credit Management, 4/13 to 4/14 
 ASB Senior Vice President, Director of Consumer Credit Management, 4/11 to 4/13 
 ASB Senior Vice President, Director of Regulatory Compliance, 9/07 to 3/11 
 
 Family relationships; executive arrangements 
 There are no family relationships between any HEI executive officer and any other HEI executive officer or any HEI director or director nominee. There are no arrangements or understandings between any HEI executive officer and any other person pursuant to which such executive officer was selected. 

34 

PART II 
 
 ITEM 5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 
 HEI: 
 Certain of the information required by this item is disclosed in Note 14, Regulatory restrictions on net assets and Equity compensation plan information under Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters of this Form 10-K. 
 HEI s common stock is traded on the New York Stock Exchange under the ticker symbol HE. The total number of holders of record of HEI common stock (i.e., registered holders) as of February 13, 2023, was 4,990. On February 10, 2023, the HEI Board of Directors approved a 1 cent increase in the quarterly dividend from 0.35 per share to 0.36 per share, starting with the dividend in the first quarter of 2023. HEI currently expects to maintain the dividend at its present level; however, the HEI Board of Directors evaluates the dividend quarterly and considers many factors in the evaluation including, but not limited to, the Company s results of operations, the long-term prospects for the Company, and the current and expected future economic conditions. 
 Purchases of HEI common shares were made during the fourth quarter to satisfy the requirements of certain plans as follows: 
 ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES Period Total Number of Shares Purchased Average Price Paid per Share Total Number of Shares Purchased as Part of Publicly Announced Plans or Programs Maximum Number (or Approximate Dollar Value) of Shares that May Yet Be Purchased Under the Plans or Programs October 1 to 31, 2022 19,933 35.60 NA November 1 to 30, 2022 12,776 38.70 NA December 1 to 31, 2022 164,435 40.89 NA Total 197,144 NA 
 NA Not applicable. 
 Trades (total number of shares purchased) are reflected in the month in which the order is placed. 
 The purchases were made to satisfy the requirements of the HEI Dividend Reinvestment and Stock Purchase Plan (DRIP), the Hawaiian Electric Industries Retirement Savings Plan (HEIRSP), and the ASB 401(k) Plan for shares purchased for cash or by the reinvestment of dividends by participants under those plans and none of the purchases were made under publicly announced repurchase plans or programs. Average prices per share are calculated exclusive of any commissions payable to the brokers making the purchases for the DRIP, the HEIRSP and the ASB 401(k) Plan. Of the Total number of shares purchased, 167,202 of the 197,144 shares were purchased for the DRIP; 23,976 of the 197,144 shares were purchased for the HEIRSP; and the remaining of the 5,966 shares were purchased for the ASB 401(k) Plan. The repurchased shares were issued for the accounts of the participants under registration statements registering the shares issued under these plans. 
 Hawaiian Electric: 
 Since a corporate restructuring on July 1, 1983, all the common stock of Hawaiian Electric has been held solely by its parent, HEI, and is not publicly traded. Accordingly, information required with respect to Market information and holders is not applicable to Hawaiian Electric. 
 The dividends declared and paid on Hawaiian Electric s common stock for the quarters of 2022 and 2021 were as follows: 
 Quarters ended 2022 2021 (in thousands) March 31 31,475 27,925 June 30 31,475 27,925 September 30 31,475 27,925 December 31 31,475 27,925 Total 125,900 111,700 
 Also, see Liquidity and capital resources in HEI s MD A. 
 See the discussion of regulatory and other restrictions on dividends or other distributions in Note 14 of the Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 
 ITEM 6. [RESERVED] 
 35 

ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
 HEI and Hawaiian Electric (in the case of Hawaiian Electric, only the information related to Hawaiian Electric and its subsidiaries): 
 The following discussion should be read in conjunction with the Consolidated Financial Statements and the related Notes that appear in Item 8 of this report. For information on factors that may cause HEI s and Hawaiian Electric s actual future results to differ from those currently contemplated by the relevant forward-looking statements, see Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements at the front of this report and Risk Factors in Item 1A. The general discussion of HEI s consolidated results should be read in conjunction with the Electric utility and Bank segment discussions that follow. 
 
 HEI Consolidated 
 Executive overview and strategy. HEI is a holding company with operations primarily focused on Hawaii s electric utility and banking sectors. In 2017, HEI formed Pacific Current to make investments in non-regulated renewable energy and sustainable infrastructure projects. HEI has three reportable segments Electric utility, Bank, and Other. 
 Electric utility . Hawaiian Electric, Hawaii Electric Light and Maui Electric (Utilities) are regulated operating electric public utilities engaged in the production, purchase, transmission, distribution and sale of electricity on the islands of Oahu; Hawaii; and Maui, Lanai and Molokai, respectively. 
 Bank . ASB is a full-service community bank serving both consumer and commercial customers in the State of Hawaii and has 38 branches on the islands of Oahu (27), Maui (5), Hawaii (3), Kauai (2), and Molokai (1). 
 Other . The Other segment comprises the results of Pacific Current, which invests in non-regulated clean energy and sustainable infrastructure in the State of Hawaii to help reach the state s sustainability goals, and HEI s corporate-level operating, general and administrative expenses. 
 A major focus of HEI s financial strategy is to grow core earnings/profitability at the Utilities, Bank and Pacific Current in a controlled risk manner and optimize operating, capital and tax efficiencies in order to support its dividend and deliver shareholder value. Together, HEI s unique combination of power, sustainable investments, and financial services companies provides the Company with a strong balance sheet and the financial resources to invest in the strategic growth of its subsidiaries, while providing an attractive dividend for investors. 
 Recent developments. New 7-day average daily COVID-19 case counts in Hawaii have declined to low levels following peaks in the daily average case counts earlier in the year. The 7-day average daily case count remains relatively stable at 84 as of February 13, 2023. Hospitalizations have remained at low levels with approximately 79 of the state s population vaccinated with at least one dose and approximately 27 of the state s population received a booster in the last 12 months as of February 13, 2023. 
 In March 2022, the state ended the Safe Travels program for domestic U.S. travelers and the indoor mask mandate. On June 12, 2022, the U.S. Centers for Disease Control and Prevention ended the requirement that required air passengers traveling from a foreign country to the United States to show a negative COVID-19 test before boarding their flight. On October 11, 2022, Japan eliminated the daily entry cap into Japan, which had made travel to and from Hawaii more difficult. The loosening of these COVID-19 restrictions has led to an improvement in economic conditions in Hawaii over the past year. However, new variants could present potential risks to the ongoing economic recovery. At this time, the Company does not expect that COVID restrictions will be reinstated, but will continue to monitor the situation. 
 In 2022, total tourism passenger counts increased 34 compared to 2021 as increased vaccination rates allowed for the elimination of COVID-19 restrictions in many of Hawaii s tourism markets. Domestic tourism has recovered significantly and exceeded pre-pandemic levels, with 9.6 million domestic passengers traveling to Hawaii in 2022 compared to 8.7 million passengers in 2019. However, international passenger counts remain below pre-pandemic levels with 0.8 million international passengers traveling to Hawaii in 2022 compared with 2.8 million passengers in 2019. However, with the recent lifting of travel restrictions in Japan, Hawaii s largest international tourism market, international tourism counts are expected to continue to improve in 2023. 
 With the improvement in tourism and economic activity in 2022, the Utilities kWh sales in 2022 have increased 1.1 above 2021 levels, but were 4.4 below pre-pandemic levels. While the level of kWh sales does not affect Utility revenues due to decoupling, it may increase or decrease the price per kWh paid by customers. See Decoupling in Note 3 of the Consolidated Financial Statements for a discussion of the decoupling mechanism. 
 At the Bank, an improving Hawaii economy helped fuel loan growth and has supported stable credit trends. Loan growth in 2022 was broad based, driven by the improvement in Hawaii s economy, and required additional provision for credit losses. 
 36 

However, the additional provision was partially offset by the release of credit loss reserves as a result of improved credit quality, resulting in a 2.0 million provision for credit losses in 2022, compared to a 25.8 million negative provision for credit losses in 2021. The higher interest rate environment and higher earning asset balances benefited net interest income, which increased 15.4 million to 252.6 million in 2022 compared to net interest income of 237.2 million in 2021. The increase in net interest income was partially offset by higher other borrowings and higher cost of funds. Additional federal funds rate increases may not further increase the Bank s net interest margin if core deposit growth ceases and funding is replaced with other borrowings. The higher interest rate environment also reduced the fair value of the Bank s investment portfolio, which was recorded as an other comprehensive loss (see Transfer of available-for-sale securities to held-to-maturity in Note 4 of the Consolidated Financial Statements). 
 In 2022, inflation increased rapidly as reflected in the U.S. Consumer Price Index (CPI). While inflationary pressures, as measured by CPI, appear to have peaked in June 2022, inflation remains elevated at 6.4 as of February 15, 2023. In addition, fuel costs have risen rapidly and remain at elevated levels. Fuel costs for 2022 were up 76.7 compared to 2021. Short-term interest rates have also increased significantly following the Federal Reserve s ongoing rate increases to the federal funds target rate. These inflationary pressures are expected to continue into 2023 and have led to higher costs for O M and capital projects and higher interest expense at the Utility and HEI, as well as higher compensation and benefits cost at the bank. 
 For further discussion of the impacts of the COVID-19 pandemic, fuel prices and other macro-economic factors impacting the Utilities and the Bank, see Recent Developments in the Electric Utility and Bank sections below. There has been no material impact on the Other segment and Pacific Current as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic as the primary businesses of Pacific Current are supported by PPAs that provide for contractual cash flows with credit-worthy counterparties. 
 Environmental, Social Governance. At HEI, environmental, social and governance (ESG) principles and sustainability have long been embedded as applicable within the Company s activities and are integral to the Company s efforts to create value for all of its stakeholders. With all of its operations isolated in the middle of the Pacific Ocean, the Company s long-term health and financial performance is inextricably linked with the strength of the Hawaii economy, its communities, and the environment. That is why long-term shareholder and broader stakeholder value are both served by the Company s efforts to serve as a catalyst for a better Hawaii. 
 In 2021, the Company identified a number of priorities that reflect the essential connection between the health of Hawaii s environment, economy and communities and HEI s long-term success. The key ESG priorities the Company is working to advance include: 
 decarbonizing the Company s operations and the broader Hawaii economy; 
 promoting Hawaii s economic health and improving affordability for all residents; 
 ensuring reliability and resilience as the Company navigates the clean energy transition and adapts to a changing climate; 
 advancing digitalization of the Company s operations to better serve customers and increase efficiency while protecting against cyber-security challenges; 
 promoting diversity, equity and inclusion both within the Company and in the ways the Company interacts with and impacts external stakeholders; 
 increasing employee engagement; and 
 identifying and integrating climate-related risks and opportunities throughout the Company s planning and decision-making. 
 The Company has also focused on ensuring that ESG considerations are appropriately integrated into governance structures, strategies and risk management. This includes: 
 Integration of Board oversight of important ESG matters into its existing governance structures and processes. This includes full Board review of ESG-related strategies, Audit Risk Committee oversight of ESG risks, Compensation Human Capital Management Committee responsibility for ESG-related compensation matters and human capital management and Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee responsibility for ensuring an appropriate board governance framework is in place with respect to ESG. 
 Robust ESG expertise among board members, including directors with direct experience in renewable energy, climate change policy and strategy and environmental management. 
 Expanded ESG goals as part of HEI and Utility executive incentive compensation. 
 ESG considerations explicitly woven into strategic planning efforts and enterprise risk management processes. 
 37 

The Company is committed to transparency and providing information to allow customers, community leaders, investors and other stakeholders to understand how the Company s strategies and operations advance ESG objectives and contribute to long-term stakeholder value creation. 
 The Company issued its first ESG report in September 2020. The report encompassed ESG policies, principles and results reported during 2019 across the Company s two primary operating subsidiaries, Hawaiian Electric and ASB, and was aligned with Sustainability Accounting Standards Board (SASB) guidance using the electric utilities standard for Hawaiian Electric, and the commercial banks, commercial finance, and mortgage finance standards for ASB. In April 2021, the Company issued its second ESG report, including SASB disclosures for Hawaiian Electric and ASB and disclosures regarding risks and opportunities related to climate change, as well as associated risk management and governance processes, based on recommendations from the Task Force on Climate-related Financial Disclosures. It also outlined key impacts for the Company under two climate scenarios, including a scenario targeted to limit global temperature rise to 2 degrees Celsius or lower. In April 2022, the Company issued its third and most comprehensive ESG report. The report includes HEI's first enterprise-wide GHG emissions inventory, providing the basis to further guide the company's ESG strategies and enable greater transparency around its progress on climate issues. Net enterprise-wide GHG emissions in measured categories have decreased over time, driven largely by reductions in the utility's generation-related emissions The Company s ESG reports can be found at www.hei.com/esg. 
 HEI consolidated results of operations. 
 (dollars in millions, except per share amounts) 2022 change 2021 change 2020 Revenues 3,742 31 2,850 10 2,580 Operating income 381 (1) 386 24 311 Net income for common stock 241 (2) 246 24 198 Net income (loss) by segment: Electric utility 189 6 178 5 169 Bank 80 (21) 101 76 58 Other (28) 15 (33) (12) (29) Net income for common stock 241 (2) 246 24 198 Basic earnings per share 2.20 (2) 2.25 24 1.81 Diluted earnings per share 2.20 (2) 2.25 24 1.81 Dividends per share 1.40 3 1.36 3 1.32 Weighted-average number of common shares outstanding (millions) 109.4 109.3 109.1 Dividend payout ratio 64 60 73 
 In 2022, net income for HEI common stock decreased (2) to 241 million 2.20 diluted earnings per share), compared to 246 million 2.25 diluted earnings per share) in 2021, due to 21 million lower net income at ASB, partly offset by 11 million higher net income at the Utilities and 5 million lower net loss at the other segment. The decrease in ASB s 2022 net income compared to 2021 was primarily due to an increase in provision for credit losses in 2022 as compared to 2021 net income, which benefited from a negative provision of 25.8 million as result of improved credit quality as the local economy improved significantly from 2020. The increase in the Utilities 2022 net income compared to 2021 was principally due to higher ARA revenues, which included the customer dividend delivered to customers, partially offset by higher operating expenses. See Electric utility, Bank, and HEI Consolidated Other segment sections below for additional information on year-to-year fluctuations. 
 The Company s effective tax rate (combined federal and state income tax rates) was comparable at 20 in 2022 and 2021. 
 For a discussion of 2020 results, please refer to the HEI consolidated results of operations section in Item 7, Management Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations HEI Consolidated, in the Company s 2021 Form 10-K. 
 38 

Other segment . The other business segment (loss)/income includes results of the stand-alone corporate operations of HEI, ASB Hawaii, and Pacific Current. 
 (in millions) 2022 2021 Increase (decrease) Primary reason(s) Revenue 1 
 12 4 8 Increase in other sales at Pacific Current subsidiaries. Operating loss 1 
 (20) (22) 2 Lower HEI corporate operating loss 22 million in 2022 vs. 25 million in 2021) primarily due to a decrease in incentive compensation and consulting expenses. Lower Pacific Current operating income 2 million in 2022 vs 3 million in 2021) primarily due to higher expenses. Interest expense other (27) (22) (5) Interest expense other in 2022 was higher than in 2021 primarily due to higher interest expense at corporate (higher balances and rate) and Pacific Current (higher balances). Gain on sales of equity-method investment 8 8 Gain on sale of an equity-method investment at Pacific Current. Income tax benefit 11 11 Lower pretax loss, partly offset by higher deductible executive compensation in 2022. Net loss (28) (33) 5 
 1 Hamakua Energy s sales to Hawaii Electric Light (a regulated affiliate) are eliminated in consolidation. 
 Economic conditions. 
 Note: The statistical data in this section is from public third-party sources that management believes to be reliable (e.g., Department of Business, Economic Development and Tourism (DBEDT), University of Hawaii Economic Research Organization (UHERO), U.S. Bureau of Labor Statistics, Department of Labor and Industrial Relations (DLIR), Hawaii Tourism Authority (HTA), Honolulu Board of REALTORS and national and local news media). 
 By the end of December 2022, the national and state COVID-19 restrictions were lifted and lower case counts across most states led to stronger demand for travel to Hawaii in the fourth quarter of 2022. The average daily passenger count was 19.4 higher than the comparable period in the prior year, but remained 7.2 below 2019. The recovery in total passenger counts from the low levels in 2020 thus far has been driven by domestic travelers, with international travelers remaining at low levels, but gradually increasing. In December 2022, domestic passenger counts were up 3.3 compared to 2019 pre-COVID-19 levels, while international passenger counts were down 51 compared to 2019 pre-COVID-19 levels. On October 11, 2022, Japan eliminated the daily entry cap into Japan, which had made travel to and from Hawaii more difficult. Since then, international visitor arrivals have increased. 
 Hawaii s seasonally adjusted unemployment rate in December 2022 was 3.2 , which was lower compared to the December 2021 rate of 4.3 . The national unemployment rate in December 2022 was 3.5 compared to 3.9 in December 2021. Hawaii s unemployment rate is expected to continue to improve now that restrictions have been lifted and non-farm jobs are expected to increase this year. 
 Hawaii real estate activity through December 2022, as indicated by Oahu s home resale market, resulted in an increase in the median sales price of 3.6 for condominiums and a decrease of 0.05 for single-family homes compared to the same period in 2021, with the December median single-family home price of 1,049,500, below the record 1,153,500 set in May. The number of closed sales decreased 11.8 for condominiums and 23.2 for single-family residential homes through the fourth quarter of 2022 compared to 2021. 
 Hawaii s petroleum product prices reflect supply and demand in the Asia-Pacific region and the price of crude oil in international markets. The price of crude oil increased significantly from January 2022 through July 2022, but started to decline in August 2022 through November 2022. 
 At its February 1, 2023 meeting, the Federal Open Market Committee (FOMC) decided to raise the federal funds rate target range to 4.50 -4.75 and anticipates ongoing increases as appropriate. With inflation being above the longer-run goal of 2 percent, the FOMC raised the federal funds rate 25 basis points and intends to further reduce the Federal Reserve s holdings of Treasury securities, agency debt, and agency mortgage-backed securities. 
 The most recent forecast by UHERO, issued on December 16, 2022, forecasts full year 2022 real GDP growth of 2.0 , an increase in total visitor arrivals of 36.9 , a decrease in real personal income of 6.4 , and an unemployment rate of 3.8 . This forecast anticipates a potential slowdown in recovery due to rising inflation, interest rates, and supply chain issues despite the 
 39 

return of Japanese visitors. However, in the event of a U.S. recession, UHERO believes that Hawaii is unlikely to suffer as severely compared to the U.S. mainland due to anticipated visitor arrivals and a surge in public sector construction. Downward risks are forecasted to include ongoing global economic fallout from Russia s invasion of Ukraine, possibility of a global recession, and uncertainties of international and domestic visitor arrivals due to higher travel costs. If economic conditions worsen from current levels or remain depressed for an extended period of time, it could have a material unfavorable impact on the Company s financial position or results of operations. 
 
 The Company expects economic conditions in Hawaii to remain relatively stable going forward, supported by the expected recovery in the international tourism market and increased construction spending in the public sector; however, it is difficult to predict the future path of the pandemic. If economic conditions worsen from current levels or remain depressed for an extended period of time, it could have a material unfavorable impact on the Company s financial position or results of operations. 
 See also Recent Developments in the Electric utility and Bank sections below for further discussion of the economic impact caused by the pandemic. 
 Liquidity and capital resources. As of December 31, 2022, HEI and Hawaiian Electric had approximately 50 million and 88 million of commercial paper outstanding, respectively, and Hawaiian Electric had 39 million of cash and cash equivalents. 
 As of December 31, 2022, there was no balance on HEI s revolving credit facility and the available committed capacity under the revolving credit facility was 175 million (see Note 5 of the Consolidated Financial Statements). As of December 31, 2022, there was no balance on Hawaiian Electric s revolving credit facility and the available committed capacity under the revolving credit facility was 200 million. As of December 31, 2022, ASB s unused FHLB borrowing capacity was approximately 1.6 billion and ASB had unpledged investment securities of 1.6 billion that were available to be used as collateral for additional borrowing capacity. 
 As of December 31, 2022, the total amount of available borrowing capacity (net of commercial paper outstanding) under the Company s committed lines of credit was approximately 237 million, which was a decrease of approximately 84 million compared to December 31, 2021. 
 On September 29, 2021, HEI executed a 125 million private placement, utilizing a delayed draw feature with two tranches. The first tranche of 75 million was drawn on December 29, 2021 and the proceeds were primarily used to invest in the Utilities equity to support its capital expenditure program and maintain the Utilities equity capitalization ratio at approximately 58 . The second and final tranche of 50 million was drawn on October 26, 2022, to refinance a portion of 150 million of debt that matured on November 20, 2022. 
 On September 29, 2022, HEI executed a private placement under which HEI has authorized the issue and sale of 110 million of unsecured senior notes. The proceeds, totaling 110 million, were drawn on November 1, 2022 to refinance the remaining portion of the 150 million of debt that matured on November 20, 2022. See Note 6 of the Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information. 
 On October 20, 2022, HEI entered into a term loan facility in the aggregate principal amount of 100 million. The term loan facility allows HEI to draw down proceeds on a delayed basis through March 31, 2023, at which time the term loan commitment expires. On December 28, 2022, HEI drew 35 million on the term loan. Any borrowings under the facility mature on November 30, 2023. Borrowings under the facility bear interest at Term SOFR, as defined in the agreement, plus an applicable margin and a SOFR spread adjustment. See Note 5 of the Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information. 
 The Company believes that its cash and cash equivalents, expected operating cash flow from subsidiaries, existing credit facilities, and access to the capital markets will be sufficient to meet the Company s cash requirements over the next twelve months and beyond based on its current business plans. However, the Company expects that its liquidity will continue to be moderately impacted at the Utilities due to higher working capital requirements resulting from lingering COVID-19 impacts to the local economy and elevated fuel prices. For the Utilities, the elevated fuel prices have increased the cost of carrying fuel inventory and have also resulted in higher customer accounts receivable balances as fuel is consumed and billed to customers. The higher accounts receivable balance, which has increased by 101 million since December 31, 2021, has led to higher bad debt expense and may result in higher write-offs in the future. As of December 31, 2022, approximately 50 million of the Utilities accounts receivables were over 30 days past due. Of the over 30 days past due amounts, approximately 17 were on payment plans. In addition to the cash flow impact from delayed collection of accounts receivable, lower kWh sales relative to the level of kWh sales approved in the last rate case generally result in delayed timing of cash flows, resulting in higher working capital requirements (see Recent Developments in the Electric utility section below). At this time, the delay in customer cash collections has not significantly affected the Company s liquidity. The Company is prepared to address, if needed, the potential financing requirement related to the delayed timing of customer collections. 
 At ASB, liquidity remains at satisfactory levels. ASB s cash and cash equivalents was 156 million as of December 31, 
 40 

2022, compared to 251 million as of December 31, 2021. ASB remains well above the well capitalized level under the FDIC Improvement Act prompt correction action capital category, and while the economic outlook has improved and is expected to continue to improve, there are emerging risks from inflation and the tightening of monetary policy that increase the risk of a recession, as well as ongoing COVID-19 risks, such as new variants, all of which could create increased uncertainty regarding the impact on loan performance and the allowance for credit losses (see Recent Developments in the Bank section below). 
 If further liquidity is deemed necessary, which is not contemplated at this time, the Utilities could also reduce the pace of capital spending related to non-essential projects. Additionally, the Company has the option to issue new shares rather than purchase currently outstanding shares on the open market to satisfy share issuances under its Dividend Reinvestment and Stock Purchase Plan program. The estimated amount of equity capital that could be raised by issuing new shares, rather than utilizing open market purchases, is estimated to be approximately 30 million on an annual basis, based on historical demand, but such future amount is dependent on a number of factors, including, without limitation, future share prices, number of shares and participants in the DRIP program, and the amount of new investment in HEI s stock by DRIP participants. 
 HEI material cash requirements . HEI s material cash requirements include: Utility capital expenditures, labor and benefit costs, O M expenses, fuel and purchase power costs, and debt and interest payments; investments in loans and investment securities at the Bank; labor and benefits costs, shareholder dividends and debt and interest payments at HEI; and HEI equity contributions to support Pacific Current s sustainable infrastructure investments. Forecasted HEI consolidated net cash used in investing activities (excluding investing cash flows from ASB) for 2023 through 2027 consists primarily of the net capital expenditures of the Utilities principally related to maintaining and modernizing the grid to allow for the integration of more renewable energy, improved customer reliability, greater system efficiency and enhanced resilience. The Utilities capital expenditures are approximately 2.2 billion over the next five years and are expected to be funded primarily through a combination of retained earnings and proceeds from debt issuance, and if required, contributions of equity from HEI to maintain the Utilities equity capitalization at approximately 58 (see also discussion regarding other material cash requirements under Financial Condition Liquidity and capital resources, contained in the Electric utility and Bank sections below). In addition to the funds required for the Utilities construction programs and debt maturities, with respect to HEI, over the next five years, approximately 50 million will be required in 2023 and 50 million in 2025 to repay maturing long-term debt. Debt maturities are expected to be repaid with the proceeds from the issuance of commercial paper, bank borrowings, other medium- or long-term debt, issuance of common stock and/or dividends from subsidiaries. Additional debt and/or equity financing may be utilized to invest in the Utilities, Bank or Pacific Current; to pay down commercial paper or other short-term borrowings; to pay interest costs; or to fund unanticipated expenditures not included in the 2023 through 2027 forecast, such as increases in the costs of, or an acceleration of, the construction of capital projects of the Utilities or unanticipated utility capital expenditures. In addition, existing debt may be refinanced prior to maturity with additional debt or equity financing (or both). 
 41 

Selected short-term and long-term contractual obligations and commitments . Information about payments under the specified contractual obligations and commercial commitments of HEI and its subsidiaries was as follows: 
 December 31, 2022 (in millions) Less than 1 year 1-3 years 3-5 years More than 5 years Total Contractual obligations Investment in qualifying affordable housing projects 60 9 1 70 Time certificates 496 94 19 3 612 Short-term borrowings 173 173 Other bank borrowings 695 695 Long-term debt 172 122 248 1,858 2,400 Interest on CDs, other bank borrowings, short-term loan and long-term debt 100 179 162 780 1,221 Operating and finance leases PPAs classified as leases 11 22 22 104 159 Other leases 23 37 24 39 123 Service bureau contract, maintenance agreements and other 22 29 13 1 65 Hawaiian Electric open purchase order obligations 1 
 178 65 12 255 Hawaiian Electric fuel oil purchase obligations (estimate based on fuel oil price at December 31) 5 9 5 19 Hawaiian Electric power purchase minimum fixed capacity charges not classified as leases 80 160 160 521 921 Liabilities for uncertain tax positions 8 13 21 Total (estimated) 1,955 785 687 3,307 6,734 
 1 Includes contractual obligations and commitments for capital expenditures and expense amounts. 
 The table above does not include other categories of obligations and commitments, such as deferred taxes, certain trade payables, amounts that will become payable in future periods under collective bargaining and other employment agreements and employee benefit plans, and potential refunds of amounts collected from ratepayers (e.g., under the earnings sharing mechanism). As of December 31, 2022, the fair value of the assets held in trusts to satisfy the obligations of the Company s retirement benefit plans did not exceed the retirement benefit plans benefit obligation. Minimum funding requirements for retirement benefit plans have not been included in the tables above; however, see Note 10 of the Consolidated Financial Statements for 2023 estimated contributions. 
 See Note 3 of the Consolidated Financial Statements for a discussion of the Utilities commitments. See Note 4 of the Consolidated Financial Statements for a further discussion of ASB s commitments. 
 Operating activities provided net cash of 454 million in 2022 and 376 million in 2021. Investing activities used net cash of 1,129 million in 2022 and 1,180 million in 2021. In 2022, net cash used in investing activities was primarily due to net increase in loans receivable, purchases of available-for-sale investment securities, capital expenditures, purchases of loans held for investment and net purchases of stock from Federal Home Loan Bank, partly offset by receipt of repayments from available-for-sale and held-to-maturity investment securities. In 2021, net cash used in investing activities was primarily due to purchases of available-for-sale and held-to-maturity investment securities, capital expenditures, and purchases of stock from Federal Home Loan Bank, partly offset by receipt of repayments from available-for-sale and held-to-maturity investment securities, proceeds from sale of available-for-sale investment securities, net decrease in loans held for investment, proceeds from sale of residential loans and redemption of stock from Federal Home Loan Bank. 
 Financing activities provided net cash of 568 million in 2022 and 756 million in 2021. In 2022, net cash provided by financing activities included net increases in other short-term borrowings and proceeds from issuance of short-term and long-term debt and net increases in short-term borrowings, partly offset by repayment of long-term debt and payment of common and preferred stock dividends. In 2021, net cash provided by financing activities included net increases in deposits and proceeds from issuance of long-term debt, partly offset by payment of common and preferred stock dividends, repayment of long-term debt, short-term debt and net decreases in short-term borrowings. 
 For a discussion of 2020 operating, investing and financing activities, please refer to the Liquidity and capital resources section in Item 7, Management Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations HEI Consolidated, in the Company s 2021 Form 10-K. 
 Other than capital contributions from their parent company, intercompany services (and related intercompany payables and receivables), Hawaiian Electric s periodic short-term borrowings from HEI (and related interest) and the payment of dividends 
 42 

to HEI, the electric utility and bank segments are largely autonomous in their operating, investing and financing activities. (See the electric utility and bank segments discussions of their cash flows in their respective Liquidity and capital resources sections below.) During 2022, Hawaiian Electric and ASB (through ASB Hawaii) paid cash dividends to HEI of 126 million and 42 million, respectively. 
 A portion of the net assets of Hawaiian Electric and ASB is not available for transfer to HEI in the form of dividends, loans or advances without regulatory approval. In the absence of an unexpected material adverse change in the financial condition of the electric utilities or ASB, such restrictions are not expected to significantly affect the operations of HEI, its ability to pay dividends on its common stock or its ability to meet its debt or other cash obligations. See Note 14 of the Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 The Company believes that its ability to generate cash, both internally from electric utility and banking operations and externally from issuances of equity and debt securities, as well as bank borrowings, is adequate to maintain sufficient liquidity to fund its contractual obligations and commercial commitments, its forecasted capital expenditures and investments, its expected retirement benefit plan contributions and other short-term and long-term material cash requirements. However, the economic impact of higher fuel prices, inflation, higher interest rates, tightening of monetary policy and the ongoing COVID-19 pandemic, create significant uncertainty, and the Company cannot predict the future effects that these factors will have on the global, national or local economy, including the impact on the Company s cost of capital and its ability to access additional capital, or the future impacts on the Company s financial position, results of operations, and cash flows. See Item 1A. Risk Factors in Part I for further discussion of risks and uncertainties. 
 The consolidated capital structure of HEI (excluding deposit liabilities and other bank borrowings) was as follows: 
 December 31 2022 2021 (dollars in millions) Short-term borrowings, net other than bank 173 3 54 1 Long-term debt, net other than bank 2,385 50 2,322 48 Preferred stock of subsidiaries 34 1 34 1 Common stock equity 2,202 46 2,391 50 4,794 100 4,801 100 
 HEI s commercial paper borrowings and line of credit facility were as follows: 
 Year ended December 31, 2022 (in millions) Average balance End-of-period balance December 31, 2021 Commercial paper 50 50 54 Line of credit draws on revolving credit facility 
 Note: This table does not include Hawaiian Electric s separate commercial paper issuances and line of credit facilities and draws, which are disclosed below under Electric utility Liquidity and capital resources below. The maximum amount of HEI s short-term commercial paper borrowings in 2022 was 80 million. As of December 31, 2022, available committed capacity under HEI s line of credit facility was 175 million. 
 HEI utilizes short-term debt, typically commercial paper, to support normal operations, to refinance commercial paper, to retire long-term debt, to pay dividends and for other temporary requirements, including short-term financing needs of its subsidiaries. HEI also periodically makes short-term loans to Hawaiian Electric to meet Hawaiian Electric s cash requirements, including the funding of loans by Hawaiian Electric to Hawaii Electric Light and Maui Electric, but no such short-term loans to Hawaiian Electric were outstanding as of December 31, 2022. HEI periodically utilizes long-term debt, historically unsecured indebtedness, to fund investments in and loans to its subsidiaries to support their capital improvement or other requirements, to repay long-term and short-term indebtedness and for other corporate purposes. As of December 31, 2022, HEI s debt maturities in 2023 include 50 million of long-term debt that matures in March 2023. See Notes 5 and 6 of the Consolidated Financial Statements for a brief description of the Company s loans. 
 43 

The rating of HEI s commercial paper and debt securities could significantly impact the ability of HEI to sell its commercial paper and issue debt securities and/or the cost of such debt. As of February 13, 2023, the Fitch, Moody s and S P ratings of HEI were as follows: 
 Fitch Moody s S P Long-term issuer default, long-term and issuer credit, respectively BBB WR BBB- Commercial paper F3 P-2 A-3 Outlook Positive Stable Stable 
 Moody s long-term debt rating was withdrawn because HEI does not currently have any outstanding, publicly traded debt. Moody s continues to rate Hawaiian Electric s long-term debt. See Electric utility Liquidity and capital resources below. 
 Note: The above ratings reflect only the view, at the time the ratings are issued or affirmed, of the applicable rating agency, from whom an explanation of the significance of such ratings may be obtained. Such ratings are not recommendations to buy, sell or hold any securities; such ratings may be subject to revision or withdrawal at any time by the rating agencies; and each rating should be evaluated independently of any other rating. 
 There were no new issuances of common stock through the HEI DRIP, HEIRSP or the ASB 401(k) Plan in 2022, 2021 or 2020 and HEI satisfied the share purchase requirements of the DRIP, HEIRSP and ASB 401(k) Plan through open market purchases of its common stock. 
 Off-balance sheet arrangements. Although the Company and the Utilities have certain off-balance sheet arrangements, management has determined that it has no off-balance sheet arrangements that either have, or are reasonably likely to have, a current or future effect on the Company s and the Utilities financial condition, changes in financial condition, revenues or expenses, results of operations, liquidity, capital expenditures or capital resources that are material to investors, including the following types of off-balance sheet arrangements: 
 1. obligations under guarantee contracts, 
 2. retained or contingent interests in assets transferred to an unconsolidated entity or similar arrangements that serve as credit, liquidity or market risk support to that entity for such assets, 
 3. obligations under derivative instruments, and 
 4. obligations under a material variable interest held by the Company or the Utilities in an unconsolidated entity that provides financing, liquidity, market risk or credit risk support to the Company or the Utilities, or engages in leasing, hedging or research and development services with the Company or the Utilities. 
 Material estimates and critical accounting policies. In preparing financial statements, management is required to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities, the disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses. Actual results could differ significantly from those estimates. 
 Material estimates that are particularly susceptible to significant change include the amounts reported for pension and other postretirement benefit obligations; contingencies and litigation; income taxes; regulatory assets and liabilities; allowance for credit losses; fair value; and asset retirement obligations (AROs). Management considers an accounting estimate to be material if it requires assumptions to be made that were uncertain at the time the estimate was made and changes in the assumptions selected could have a material impact on the estimate and on the Company s results of operations or financial condition. 
 In accordance with SEC Release No. 33-8040, Cautionary Advice Regarding Disclosure About Critical Accounting Policies, management has identified the accounting policies it believes to be the most critical to the Company s financial statements that is, management believes that the policies discussed below are both the most important to the portrayal of the Company s results of operations and financial condition, and currently require management s most difficult, subjective or complex judgments. The policies affecting both of the Company s two principal segments are discussed below and the policies affecting just one segment are discussed in the respective segment s section of Material estimates and critical accounting policies. Management has reviewed the material estimates and critical accounting policies with the HEI Audit Risk Committee and, as applicable, the Hawaiian Electric Audit Risk Committee. 
 For additional discussion of the Company s accounting policies, see Note 1 of the Consolidated Financial Statements and for additional discussion of material estimates and critical accounting policies, see the electric utility and bank segment discussions below under the same heading. 
 Pension and other postretirement benefits obligations . The Company s benefit obligations and reported costs of providing retirement benefits are dependent upon numerous factors resulting from actual plan experience and assumptions about future experience. For example, retirement benefits costs are impacted by actual employee demographics (including age and compensation levels), the level of contributions to the plans, earnings and realized and unrealized gains and losses on plan assets, and changes made to the provisions of the plans. Costs may also be significantly affected by changes in key actuarial assumptions, including the expected return on plan assets, the discount rate and mortality. The Company s accounting for 
 44 

retirement benefits under the plans in which the employees of the Utilities participate is also adjusted to account for the impact of decisions by the PUC. Changes in obligations associated with the factors noted above may not be immediately recognized as costs on the income statement, but generally are recognized in future years over the remaining average service period of plan participants. 
 The discount rate used to calculate the Company s benefit obligations is a significant assumption that affects the Company s benefit obligations. As of December 31, 2022, the discount rates for HEI and the Utilities pension and other benefits plans were 5.67 and 5.66 , respectively. Based on various assumptions in Note 10 of the Consolidated Financial Statements, sensitivities of the projected benefit obligation (PBO) and accumulated postretirement benefit obligation (APBO) as of December 31, 2022, associated with a change in the discount rate, were as follows and constitute forward-looking statements : 
 Actuarial assumption Change in assumption in basis points Impact on HEI Consolidated PBO or APBO Impact on Consolidated Hawaiian Electric PBO or APBO (dollars in millions) Pension benefits Discount rate +/-50 (116)/ 130 (109)/ 122 Other benefits Discount rate +/-50 (8)/ 9 (8)/ 9 
 Also, see Notes 1 and 10 of the Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 
 Contingencies and litigation . The Company is subject to proceedings (including PUC proceedings), lawsuits and other claims. Management assesses the likelihood of any adverse judgments in or outcomes of these matters as well as potential ranges of probable losses, including costs of investigation. A determination of the amount of reserves required, if any, for these contingencies is based on an analysis of each individual case or proceeding often with the assistance of outside counsel. The required reserves may change in the future due to new developments in each matter or changes in approach in dealing with these matters, such as a change in settlement strategy. 
 In general, environmental contamination treatment costs are charged to expense, unless it is probable that the PUC would allow such costs to be recovered through future rates, in which case such costs would be capitalized as regulatory assets. Also, environmental costs are capitalized if the costs extend the life, increase the capacity, or improve the safety or efficiency of property; the costs mitigate or prevent future environmental contamination; or the costs are incurred in preparing the property for sale. 
 See Notes 1, 3 and 4 of the Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 Income taxes . Deferred income tax assets and liabilities are established for the temporary differences between the financial reporting bases and the tax bases of the Company s assets and liabilities using tax rates expected to be in effect when such deferred tax assets or liabilities are realized or settled. The ultimate realization of deferred tax assets is dependent upon the generation of future taxable income during the periods in which those temporary differences become deductible. 
 Management evaluates its potential exposures from tax positions taken that have or could be challenged by taxing authorities. These potential exposures result because taxing authorities may take positions that differ from those taken by management in the interpretation and application of statutes, regulations and rules. Management considers the possibility of alternative outcomes based upon past experience, previous actions by taxing authorities (e.g., actions taken in other jurisdictions) and advice from its tax advisors. Management believes that the Company s provision for tax contingencies is reasonable. However, the ultimate resolution of tax treatments disputed by governmental authorities may adversely affect the Company s current and deferred income tax amounts. 
 See Note 12 of the Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 Following are discussions of the electric utility and bank segments. Additional segment information is shown in Note 2 of the Consolidated Financial Statements. The discussion concerning Hawaiian Electric should be read in conjunction with its consolidated financial statements and accompanying notes. 
 
 Electric utility 
 Executive overview and strategy. The Utilities provide electricity on all the principal islands in the state, other than Kauai, to approximately 95 of the state s population, and operate five separate grids. The Utilities mission is to provide innovative energy leadership for Hawaii, to meet the needs and expectations of customers and communities, and to empower them with affordable, reliable and clean energy. The goal is to create a modern, resilient, flexible, and dynamic electric grid that enables an optimal mix of distributed energy resources, such as private rooftop solar, demand response, and grid-scale resources to 
 45 

enable the creation of smart, sustainable, resilient communities and achieve its decarbonization goals that are aligned with the statutory goal of 100 renewable energy by 2045. 
 Recent developments. See also Recent developments in HEI s MD A. 
 For the full year 2022, kWh sales volume increased 1.1 from 2021 levels; however, the full year 2022 kWh sales are still 4.4 below the pre-pandemic level of kWh sales in 2019. The increase in kWh sales in 2022 is primarily due to an improvement in economic activity in Hawaii, driven largely by a significant rebound in the domestic tourism market. 
 Fuel costs have risen rapidly in 2022 and average fuel prices have increased 76.7 compared to the prior year. Although the Utilities are able to pass through fuel costs to customers and have limited fuel cost exposure under a 2 fuel-cost risk sharing mechanism (approximately 3.7 million maximum exposure annually, and the amount the Utilities have recognized as a penalty for 2022), higher customer bills could reduce customers ability to pay timely or increase the risk of non-payment. In addition, the higher customer bills may lead the PUC to consider other actions to limit or delay any proposed increase in rates in order to mitigate the overall bill impact of rising fuel prices. 
 In December 2022, the consumer price index moderated to 6.5 from a peak of 9.1 in June 2022. In Hawaii, the November 2022 Urban Hawaii (Honolulu) Consumer Price Index (CPI) was modestly lower, with an increase of 5.8 over the last twelve months . Under the PBR framework, inflation risk for the Utilities is mitigated by an Annual Rate Adjustment (ARA), which is based on a formula that includes a compounded and non-compounded portion . 
 The compounded portion of the ARA adjustment includes an adjustment for inflation based on the estimated change in Gross Domestic Product Price Index (GDPPI) for the upcoming year, less a predetermined annual productivity factor (currently set at zero), less a 0.22 customer dividend, applied to a basis equal to test year target revenues plus the RAM Revenue adjustments in effect prior to the implementation of PBR, plus the prior adjustment year s compounded portion of the ARA adjustment. The GDPPI adjustment is determined using the forecasted GDPPI in October, which is effective for the following calendar year. For the 2022 calendar year, GDPPI was measured at 2.78 (net of the 0.22 customer dividend) in October 2021 and was effective in rates on January 1, 2022. For the 2023 calendar year, the forecasted 2023 GDPPI was 3.68 (net of the 0.22 customer dividend), measured in October 2022, and became effective in rates on January 1, 2023. 
 The non-compounded portion of the ARA adjustment includes a subtractive component, representing the management audit savings commitment, or refund to customers, which was approved by the PUC for the years 2021 through 2025. 
 Accounts receivable increased in 2022 by 101 million, or 54 with the number of accounts past due remaining relatively flat since December 31, 2021. The increase in accounts receivables was primarily driven by higher customer bills impacted by the increase in fuel prices, offset by payments on installment plans and higher cash receipts associated with increased disconnection efforts. At this time, the delay in customer cash collections has not significantly affected the Utilities liquidity. The Utilities are prepared to address, if needed, the financing requirement related to the delayed timing of cash flows collected under the decoupling mechanism through the Revenue Balancing Account and the impact of higher fuel prices on accounts receivable balances. See Financial Condition Liquidity and capital resources for additional information. 
 In t he second quarter of 2020, the PUC approved the deferral of certain COVID-19 related costs, such as higher bad debt expense, higher financing costs, non-collection of late payment fees, increased personal protective equipment costs, and sequestration costs for mission-critical employees. The Utilities deferred COVID-19 related costs through a PUC approved period that ended on December 31, 2021. In the second quarter of 2022, the Utilities filed an application to seek recovery of the COVID-19 deferred costs, not to exceed the amount of 27.8 million. In the Utilities Reply Statement of Position submitted to the PUC on November 30, 2022, the Utilities updated the estimated maximum COVID-19 total recovery request amount to 14.3 million. As of December 31, 2022, the Utilities have recorded 11.4 million in regulatory assets for deferral of COVID-19 related costs. The updated amounts have been reflected in the Utilities Supplemental Response to the PUC filed on January 12, 2023. On January 25, 2023, the PUC issued an order to modify the procedural schedule to allow more time for more discovery and consideration of the application. (See discussion under Regulatory assets for COVID-19 related costs in Note 3 of the Consolidated Financial Statements). 
 Hawaii COVID-19 case counts and hospitalizations have declined following peaks earlier in the year; however, a worsening of COVID-19 cases driven by new variants or a reinstatement of COVID-19 restrictions could adversely affect the ability of the Utilities contractors, suppliers, IPPs, and other business partners to perform or fulfill their obligations timely, or at all, or require modifications to existing contracts, which could adversely affect the Utilities business, increase expenses, and impact the Utilities ability to achieve their RPS and other climate related goals. 
 Regulatory Developments. See Regulatory proceedings in Note 3 of the Consolidated Financial Statements for discussions related to recent regulatory developments. 
 46 

Performance-based regulations. On December 23, 2020, the PUC issued a D O (PBR D O) approving a new performance-based regulation framework (PBR Framework). See Regulatory proceedings under Commitments and contingencies in Note 3 of the Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 Transition to a decarbonized and sustainable energy future. The Utilities are fully committed to leading and enabling pathways to a decarbonized and sustainable energy future for Hawaii. The Utilities believe that a holistic approach to decarbonization is needed, and that such a strategy requires achieving the Utilities decarbonization and renewable energy commitments, facilitating and promoting beneficial electrification, and deploying carbon removal and offsets, among other levers, to reduce statewide emissions. 
 In the fourth quarter of 2021, the Utilities outlined their Climate Action Plan to cut carbon emissions from power generation 70 by 2030, compared to a 2005 baseline. The emissions covered by this goal include stack emissions from generation owned by Hawaiian Electric and IPPs who sell electricity to the Utilities. The 2030 commitment would provide a significant portion of the reduction the entire Hawaii economy needs to meet the U.S. target of cutting carbon emissions by at least 50 economy-wide by 2030. Hawaiian Electric has also committed to achieving net zero carbon emissions from power generation by 2045 or sooner. Key elements of the 2030 plan include the closure of the state s last coal-fired IPP plant that occurred in September 2022, increasing rooftop solar by more than 50 over 2021 levels, retiring six fossil fuel generating units, adding at least 1 GW of renewable generation to what was already in place in 2021, increasing grid-scale and customer-owned storage, expanding geothermal resources, and creating customer incentives for using clean, lower-cost energy at certain times of the day and using less fossil-fueled energy at night. The retirement of fossil-fueled generating units to achieve the Utilities 70 decarbonization goal is consistent with state policy and supported by Hawaii State law. See Forecast of capital expenditures Liquidity and capital resources for a discussion of potential capital expenditures related to decarbonization efforts. 
 On September 1, 2022, the last coal-fired IPP plant in the state, providing approximately 10 of Oahu s generation, ceased operations, removing a significant source of GHG emissions from the Utilities generation mix. In advance of the retirement of the coal-fired IPP plant, the Utilities developed plans, including contingency plans, to ensure reliable service through the transition period. These plans include the anticipated addition of renewable energy/storage projects, reserve capacity from existing generation sources, the acceleration of maintenance work during periods with anticipated higher reserve levels, and multiple demand response/DER programs. For example, the state s largest solar plus battery storage project to date, totaling 39 MW, reached commercial operations on July 31, 2022. 
 While the Utilities continue to execute on their plans, delays and cancellations in the commercial operation of new renewable third-party generation resources and higher costs as a result of supply chain issues and inflationary pressures, as well as federal policies related to solar panel imports, have slowed the pace of progress toward achieving the Utilities 70 GHG emissions reduction goal. Despite these headwinds, the Utilities currently believe that the 70 GHG emissions reduction target remains achievable; however, additional renewable energy procurements and timely construction of significant generating capacity beyond the Stage 3 RFPs are required. Future events that impact the pace and amount of newly installed renewable variable and firm generation, including unexpected issues with existing generation, among other factors, could disrupt the ability of the Utilities to deliver reliable service. Also, see the Developments in renewable energy efforts New renewable PPAs section below. 
 Hawaii s renewable portfolio standard law requires electric utilities to meet an RPS of 30 , 40 , 70 and 100 by December 31, 2020, 2030, 2040 and 2045, respectively. Hawaii law has also established a target of sequestering more atmospheric carbon and greenhouse gases than emitted within the state by 2045. The Utilities strategies and plans are fully aligned in meeting these targets. 
 The Utilities have made significant progress on the path to clean energy and have been successful in achieving RPS goals. To date the Utilities have met all of the statutory RPS goals, including exceeding the last milestone RPS target of 30 for 2020, where it achieved an RPS of 34.5 . In July 2022, Governor Ige signed Act 240 (H.B.2089), that amended the RPS calculation from renewable energy as a percentage of sales to renewable energy as a percentage of total generation. The amended RPS calculation results in a lower calculated percentage than the amount calculated under the previous methodology. For example, the 2022 RPS achieved under the revised RPS calculation would have been 31.8 versus 39.1 under the prior method. The change in the definition is to be applied prospectively to future milestone measurements and will require that the Utilities acquire more renewable energy than under the previous RPS calculation to comply with the RPS milestones; however, the Utilities expect to continue to meet the RPS milestones under the amended RPS law. (See Developments in renewable energy efforts below). 
 If the Utilities are not successful in meeting the RPS targets as mandated by law, the PUC could assess a penalty of 20 for every MWh that an electric utility is deficient. Based on the level of total generation in 2022, a 1 shortfall in meeting the 2030 RPS requirement of 40 would translate into a penalty of approximately 2.1 million. The PUC has the discretion to reduce the 
 47 

penalty due to events or circumstances that are outside an electric utility s reasonable control, to the extent the event or circumstance could not be reasonably foreseen and ameliorated. In addition to penalties under the RPS law, failure to meet the mandated RPS targets would be expected to result in a higher proportion of fossil fuel-based generation than if the RPS target had been achieved, which in turn would be expected to subject the Utilities to limited commodity fossil fuel price exposure under a fuel cost risk-sharing mechanism. The fuel cost risk-sharing mechanism apportions 2 of the fuel cost risk to the utilities (and 98 to ratepayers) and has a maximum exposure (or benefit) of 3.7 million. Conversely, the Utilities have incentives under PIMs that provide a financial reward for accelerating the achievement of renewable generation as a percentage of total generation, including customer supplied generation. The Utilities may earn a reward for the amount of system generation above the interpolated statutory RPS goal at 20/MWh in 2022, 15/MWh in 2023, and 10/MWh for the remainder of the multi-year rate period. 
 The Utilities are fully aligned with, and supportive of, state policy to achieve a decarbonized future and have made significant progress in reducing emissions through renewable energy and electrification. This alignment with state policy is reflected in management compensation programs and the Utilities long-range plans, which include aspirational targets in order to catalyze action and accelerate the transition away from fossil fuels throughout its operations at a pace more rapid than dictated by current law. The long-range plans, including aspirational targets, serve as guiding principles in the Utilities continued transformation, and are updated regularly to adapt to changing technology, costs and other factors. While there is no financial penalty for failure to achieve the Utilities long-range aspirational objectives, the Utilities recognize that there are environmental and social costs from the continued use of fossil fuels. 
 The State of Hawaii s policy is supported by the regulatory framework and includes a number of mechanisms designed to maintain the Utilities financial stability during the transition toward the State s decarbonized future. Under the sales decoupling mechanism, the Utilities are allowed to recover from customers, target test year revenues, independent of the level of kWh sales, which have generally trended lower over time as privately-owned DER have been added to the grid and energy efficiency measures have been put into place. Other regulatory mechanisms under the PBR framework reduce some of the regulatory lag during the multi-year rate plan (MRP), such as the annual revenue adjustment to provide annual changes in utility revenues, including inflationary adjustments, and the exceptional project recovery mechanism, which allows the Utilities to recover and earn on certain approved eligible projects placed into service. See Regulatory proceedings under Commitments and contingencies and Decoupling in Note 3 of the Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 Integrated Grid Planning . Achieving high levels of renewable energy and a carbon free electric system will require modernizing the grid through coordinated energy system planning in partnership with local communities and stakeholders. To accomplish this, the Utilities are implementing an innovative systems approach to energy planning intended to yield the most cost-effective renewable energy and decarbonization pathways that incorporates customer and stakeholder input. 
 The Integrated Grid Planning (IGP) utilizes an inclusive and transparent Stakeholder Engagement model to provide an avenue for interested parties to engage with the Utilities and contribute meaningful input throughout the IGP process. The IGP Stakeholder Council, Technical Advisory Panel and Working groups have been established and meet regularly to provide feedback and input on specific issues and process steps in the IGP. The Utilities submitted an updated IGP work plan to the PUC in January 2021. In August 2021, the Utilities submitted their Revised Inputs and Assumptions to the PUC for review and approval, marking the significant progress made through the stakeholder engagement phase of the IGP process. On March 31, 2022, the Utilities submitted the final Inputs and Assumptions approved by the PUC. On September 26, 2022, the PUC approved the Utilities planning methodologies and criteria. The Grid Needs Assessment is now underway and is expected to be completed in the second quarter of 2023. 
 Demand response programs . Pursuant to PUC orders, the Utilities are developing an integrated Demand Response (DR) Portfolio Plan that will enhance system operations and reduce costs to customers. The reduction in cost for the customer will take the form of either rates or incentive-based programs that will compensate customers for their participation individually, or by way of engagements with turnkey service providers that contract with the Utilities to aggregate and deliver various grid services on behalf of participating customers and their distributed assets. 
 On June 9, 2021, the PUC issued an order providing guidance to the third Grid Service RFP filed on February 23, 2021. The proposed Grid Service RFP focused only on Oahu and is seeking 132 MW of grid services with focus on capacity reduction (60 MW) similarly in response to the potential reserve shortfall from the AES coal plant retirement that occurred on September 1, 2022. The Utilities executed a GSPA for a total grid services amount of 97.4 MW and filed with the PUC to request approval on March 16, 2022. On July 26, 2022, the Consumer Advocate filed its Statement of Position not objecting to the PUC approving the GSPA if certain conditions are adopted. The Utilities responded to the Statement of Position on August 9, 2022 to comment to the various conditions proposed by the Consumer Advocate. The procedural schedule steps are completed and the GSPA is ready for the PUC s decision. As of December 31, 2022, the PUC has not ruled on this GSPA approval request. 
 48 

On June 8, 2021, the PUC approved the new program, Emergency Demand Response Program (EDRP), a battery storage incentive program to dispatch electricity between 6 p.m. to 8 p.m. daily from participating residential and commercial customers, to address the potential reserve shortfalls following the AES coal plant retirement. As of December 31, 2022, the Utilities have received and approved the applications totaling approximately 15 MW on Oahu. 
 On March 30, 2022, the Utilities filed with the PUC to request expanding the EDRP for up to 15 MW on the island of Maui and received PUC approval on May 20, 2022. The EDRP on Maui became effective as of June 1, 2022. Subsequently, on June 23, 2022, the PUC approved the cost recovery of the additional incentives for both Oahu and Maui through the Demand-Side Management Surcharge. As of December 31, 2022, the Utilities have received and approved the applications totaling approximately 1.2 MW on Maui. 
 On October 31, 2022, the PUC issued an order, directing the Utilities to solicit comments from all interested parties and stakeholders on the Utilities Draft Grid Services RFP filed on June 30, 2022. The proposed Draft Grid Services RFP focused only on Maui and is seeking 15 MW of grid services. Only one vendor provided comment recommending to not proceed with the RFP unless significant modifications were made to the RFP and GSPA. Comment was filed to the PUC on November 7, 2022. On December 22, 2022, the PUC issued an order approving Hawaiian Electric to proceed with the RFP with modifications. Hawaiian Electric submitted an update to the RFP per the order on January 16, 2023, and issued the RFP on February 1, 2023. 
 Grid modernization . The overall goal of the Grid Modernization Strategy is to deploy modern grid investments at an appropriate priority, sequence and pace to cost-effectively maximize flexibility, minimize the risk of redundancy and obsolescence, deliver customer benefits and enable greater DER and renewable energy integration. Under the Grid Modernization Strategy, the Utilities expect that new technology will help increase adoption of private rooftop solar and make use of rapidly evolving products, including storage and advanced inverters. On March 25, 2019, the PUC approved a plan for the Utilities to implement Phase 1 of their Grid Modernization Strategy, which is the proportional deployment of advanced metering infrastructure (AMI). On February 28, 2022, the PUC expanded the scope of Phase 1 to the full service territory with a completion date set for the third quarter of 2024. The estimated cost of full deployment (including proportional deployment) is approximately 143 million in capital and deferred software cost and is expected to be incurred over five years. As of December 31, 2022, approximately 72 million of capital and deferred software cost has been incurred to date under Phase 1 and is currently being recovered under the MPIR mechanism until such costs are included in base rates. On June 24, 2022, the PUC approved with certain conditions the Utilities request to aggregate the per-meter and network cost caps and to recover O M costs associated with full-service territory AMI deployment under the MPIR mechanism. As of December 31, 2022, the Utilities have deployed about 193,000 advanced meters, servicing approximately 41 of total customers. 
 The Utilities filed an application with the PUC on September 30, 2019 for an Advanced Distribution Management System (ADMS) as part of Phase 2 of their Grid Modernization Strategy implementation. However, on December 30, 2019, the PUC suspended the Utilities application for the ADMS pending the Utilities filing of a supplemental application for the broad deployment of field devices. This supplement and update to the Grid Modernization Strategy Phase 2 field devices application was filed on March 31, 2021. The estimated cost for the implementation over five years of the ADMS and field devices, which includes capital, deferred software costs and O M costs, is 105 million. A PUC order was issued on April 27, 2021, unsuspending and resuming consideration of the Phase 2 Application. The Utilities filed the reply statement of position on October 15, 2021, completing the discovery phase of the docket. On November 16, 2021, the PUC suspended the Utilities ADMS and Phase 2 field device application to focus the Utilities attention on completing Phase 1. The Utilities filed a Motion for Reconsideration with the PUC in response to the suspension, but the motion was denied. The PUC subsequently clarified that the Utilities may resume the Phase 2 docket no earlier than six months before Phase 1 is scheduled to be completed in the third quarter of 2024. Resumption of the Phase 2 proceeding would likely commence six months prior to the scheduled completion date selected by the PUC. 
 Community-based renewable energy . In December 2017, the PUC adopted a community-based renewable energy (CBRE) program framework which allows customers who cannot, or chose not to, take advantage of private rooftop solar to receive the benefits of renewable energy to help offset their monthly electric bills and support clean energy for Hawaii. The program has two phases. 
 The first phase, which commenced in July 2018, totaling 8 MW of solar photovoltaic (PV) only with one credit rate for each island, closed on April 9, 2020. Two phase 1 projects (28.32 kW on Maui and 270 kW on Oahu) have been operational for two years, with four additional phase 1 projects expected to become operational in 2023 (second quarter: Oahu: 3,000kW, Hawaii Island: 750kW and Molokai: 250kW; third quarter: Oahu: 1,720kW). 
 The second phase, which commenced on April 9, 2020 and subsequently expanded on July 27, 2021, allows over 250 MW across all Hawaiian Electric service territories in two tranches for small (under 250 kW), mid-tier and large system sizes to encourage a variety of system sizes. To provide opportunities for Low-to-Moderate Income (LMI) customers to participate in 
 49 

the program, 23 MW of capacity for dedicated-LMI projects were awarded on November 15, 2022 through three island specific RFPs for Oahu, Maui and Hawaii Island. LMI projects do not have a size cap nor do they decrease the 250 MW capacity available to other projects. The dedicated-LMI projects are expected to become operational in 2025. 
 The Utilities issued the CBRE Tranche 1 RFPs for Oahu, Maui and Hawaii on April 14, 2022. The RFPs closed on August 17, 2022, and proposals were evaluated. Tranche 1 projects, which are greater than or equal to 250 kW, were awarded on February 22, 2023. 
 For Lanai, the Utilities combined the previously issued Variable Renewable Dispatchable Generation Paired with Energy Storage RFP and the CBRE RFP to optimize the benefits of procuring renewable energy, spur development and increase the likelihood of success of the CBRE Program on Lanai. See Developments in renewable energy efforts Requests for renewable proposals, expressions of interest, and information for additional information. 
 One CBRE proposal for Lanai was selected but negotiations were terminated on June 15, 2022. With the concurrence of the Independent Observer, a replacement proposal was selected on July 1, 2022. On July 25, 2022, the Utilities announced the selection of a new developer for the Lanai CBRE RFP. On September 21, 2022, the Utilities were informed by Pulama Lanai of a project being planned on Lanai to remove the two large resorts from the grid, which represent approximately 40 of the load of the island and raises great uncertainty around the future energy needs for Lanai. On September 28, 2022, the Utilities notified the PUC that ongoing negotiations for the Lanai CBRE project will continue, but that the Utilities will not execute a PPA at this time given the uncertainty due to the Pulama Lanai notification. On Molokai, proposals were only received from a single community co-op group. After evaluation of these proposals and with concurrence of the independent observer, the Utilities filed a letter on September 9, 2022, proposing to close the Molokai CBRE RFP and to work with the lone bidder to improve certain aspects of its two proposed projects outside of the RFP process for the benefit of the residents of Molokai. Discussions are ongoing. 
 The Utilities CBRE Phase 2 Rule 29 became effective on March 10, 2022. The Utilities are currently accepting project applications for small CBRE projects less than 250 kW in size. The PUC reserved 45 MW as well as a small amount of unallocated capacity from Phase 1 for small projects in Phase 2 on Oahu, Maui and Hawaii Island. The Utilities have developed a CBRE Portal where Subscriber Organizations can apply for small project capacity and manage subscribers for all CBRE projects in the program. Customers can also use the CBRE Portal to solicit quotes, compare, and subscribe to a project once the Subscriber Organization has added their project to the portal. 
 Microgrid services tariff proceeding . In enacting Act 200 of 2018, the Hawaii legislature found that Hawaii s residents and businesses were vulnerable to disruptions in the islands energy systems caused by extreme weather events or other disasters, and stated its belief that the use of microgrids would build energy resiliency into Hawaii s communities, thereby increasing public safety and security. The purpose of Act 200 was therefore to encourage and facilitate the development and use of microgrids through the establishment of a standard microgrid services tariff. In July 2018, pursuant to Act 200, the PUC opened a proceeding to investigate the establishment of a microgrid services tariff. In August 2019, the PUC issued an order prioritizing items for resolution in the docket and directed the Parties to establish working groups (the Working Group) to address issues identified by the PUC. 
 On May 27, 2021, the Utilities filed the Microgrid Service Tariff. On September 21, 2021, the PUC provided guidance for Phase 2 of the Microgrid Tariff proceeding, specifically identifying the objective for Phase 2 to promote self-sufficiency and resilience among microgrid project operators, as well as to further streamline the Microgrid Services Tariff where applicable. Furthermore, the PUC instructed Parties to recommend priority topics, along with supporting rationale to better inform the topics that will be discussed during this phase of the proceeding, which the parties submitted by October 21, 2021. 
 On April 1, 2022, the PUC established its Prioritized Issues for Resolution for Phase 2 of the Microgrid proceeding, which includes the following: 1) Microgrid Compensation and Grid Services; 2) Utility Compensation; 3) Customer Protection and Related Considerations; 4) Interconnection; and 5) Working Group coordination with related microgrid and resilience Initiatives at Hawaiian Electric and government agencies. Furthermore, the PUC established a procedural schedule to consist of quarterly status conference meetings with the PUC, a Phase 2 Working Group Report, draft of a revised Microgrid Service Tariff, Party comments to the proposed Microgrid Service Tariff, followed by a PUC D O. 
 On June 30, 2022, the PUC provided further guidance to the Working Group to prioritize discussion of the microgrid types in the following order: 1) Hybrid Microgrid - Third Party Developer using Utility lines/infrastructure; 2) Hybrid Microgrid - Utility Project with Partners; and 3) Customer Microgrid. Additionally, the PUC instructed the Working Group to discuss microgrid compensation and continue the involvement of microgrid developers in working group meetings. 
 The Working Group met from April 2022 through October 2022 to discuss the PUC s objectives and respond to the Phase 2 priority issues. On October 31, 2022, the PUC issued a guidance letter and advised that the Working Group propose a new timeline for the Report. The Utilities and the Consumer Advocate filed a joint letter with a revised timeline on November 10, 
 50 

2022. On November 21, 2022, the PUC issued an order to suspend the Phase 2 procedural schedule while it reviews the joint letter. 
 Decoupling. See Decoupling in Note 3 of the Consolidated Financial Statements for a discussion of decoupling. 
 Regulated returns . As part of the PBR Framework s annual review cycle, the Utilities track their rate-making ROACEs as calculated under the earnings sharing mechanism, which includes only items considered in establishing rates. At year-end, each utility s rate-making ROACE is compared against its ROACE allowed by the PUC to determine whether earnings sharing has been triggered. The D O in the PBR proceeding modified the earnings sharing mechanism to a symmetric arrangement. Effective with annual earnings for 2021, the earnings sharing will be triggered for achieved rate-making ROACE outside of a 300 basis points dead band above and below the current authorized rate-making ROACE of 9.5 for each of the Utilities. Earnings sharing credits or recoveries will be included in the biannual report (formally known as annual decoupling filing) to be filed with the PUC in the spring of the following year. Results for 2022, 2021, and 2020 did not trigger the earnings sharing mechanism for the Utilities. 
 Actual and PUC-allowed returns, as of December 31, 2022, were as follows: 
 Rate-making Return on rate base (RORB) ROACE Rate-making ROACE Year ended December 31, 2022 Hawaiian Electric Hawaii Electric Light Maui Electric Hawaiian Electric Hawaii Electric Light Maui Electric Hawaiian Electric Hawaii Electric Light Maui Electric Utility returns 7.32 5.76 6.53 8.76 6.44 7.33 9.67 6.87 8.23 PUC-allowed returns 7.37 7.52 7.43 9.50 9.50 9.50 9.50 9.50 9.50 Difference (0.05) (1.76) (0.90) (0.74) (3.06) (2.17) 0.17 (2.63) (1.27) 
 Based on recorded operating income and average rate base, both adjusted for items not included in determining electric rates. 
 Recorded net income divided by average common equity. 
 ROACE adjusted to remove items not included by the PUC in establishing rates, such as incentive compensation. 
 
 The gap between PUC-allowed ROACEs and the ROACEs achieved is primarily due to the exclusion of certain expenses from rates (for example, incentive compensation and charitable contributions), and depreciation, O M expense and return on rate base that are in excess of what is currently being recovered through rates (the last rate case plus authorized RAM adjustments and ARA revenues). 
 51 

Results of operations. 
 2022 vs. 2021 
 2022 2021 Increase (decrease) (dollars in millions, except per barrel amounts) 3,409 2,540 869 Revenues. Net increase largely due to: 
 683 higher fuel oil prices and higher kWh generated 1 
 135 higher purchased power energy prices, partially offset by lower kWh purchased and lower PPAC revenue 2 
 37 higher revenue from ARA adjustments, which included the customer dividend delivered to customers 6 revenue in 2022 related to ownership of and responsibility for the U.S. Army s electrical distribution system on Oahu starting March 1, 2022 5 higher other fee revenue 4 higher MPIR revenue 1,266 644 622 Fuel oil expense . 1 Net increase largely due to higher fuel oil prices and higher kWh generated partially offset by lower penalties for better fuel efficiency due to reset of heat rate 
 794 670 124 Purchased power expense 1,2 . Increase largely due to higher purchased power energy prices, partially offset by lower kWh purchased and lower AES charges due to its closure on September 1, 2022 
 498 475 23 Operation and maintenance expense . Net increase largely due to: 
 11 more generating facility overhauls and maintenance work performed 4 expense in 2022 related to ownership of and responsibility for the U.S. Army s electrical distribution system on Oahu starting March 1, 2022 4 higher bad debt expense 3 higher transmission and distribution preventive and corrective maintenance expense 2 higher outside services for Information and Technology and Services Support, Customer Interconnection/Installation, Demand Response Management System, and Battery Bonus program 2 increase in workers' compensation reserve 1 higher property damage and legal reserve for pending claims (1) expense due to decommissioning of combined heat and power unit on Lanai in 2021 (1) higher Pearl Harbor environmental reserves in 2021 (2) Customer bill forgiveness and assistance in the fourth quarter of 2021 553 470 83 Other expenses . Increase due to higher revenue taxes, coupled with higher depreciation expense in 2022 for plant investments in 2021 
 299 280 19 Operating income. Increase largely due to higher ARA and MPIR revenue, offset in part by higher operation and maintenance expense and higher depreciation expense 
 241 224 17 Income before income taxes . Increase largely due to higher operating income and higher AFUDC, partially offset by higher interest expense due to higher rates and borrowings 
 189 178 11 Net income for common stock. Increase due to higher income before income taxes. See below for effective tax rate explanation 
 8.2 8.1 0.1 Return on average common equity 141.49 80.06 61.43 Average fuel oil cost per barrel 8,354 8,261 93 Kilowatt-hour sales (millions) 3 
 2,511 2,469 42 Number of full-time employees (at December 31) 
 1 The rate schedules of the electric utilities currently contain ECRCs through which changes in fuel oil prices and certain components of purchased energy costs are passed on to customers. 
 2 The rate schedules of the electric utilities currently contain PPACs through which changes in purchase power expenses (except purchased energy costs) are passed on to customers. 
 52 

3 kWh sales were higher when compared to prior year largely due to continued recovery from impacts of the COVID-19 pandemic. COVID-19 cases have continued to decrease in 2022 and, as a result, most restrictions have been lifted. U.S. visitor arrivals continued to increase above 2021 levels and surpassed pre-pandemic levels, but international arrivals remain lower than pre-pandemic levels. Economic recovery is expected to continue as international visitors return, although uncertainties and downward risks are present due to global economic factors, such as the continued effects of the invasion of Ukraine, high inflation, the risk of a global recession, and surging COVID-19 cases in China. 
 Hawaiian Electric s effective tax rate (combined federal and state income tax rates) in 2022 was slightly higher at 21 , compared to 20 at 2021, primarily due to federal research and development tax claims in 2021. 
 For a discussion of 2020 results, please refer to the Results of operations section in Item 7, Management Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Electric utility, in the Company s 2021 Form 10-K. 
 The net book value (cost less accumulated depreciation) of utility property, plant and equipment (PPE) as of December 31, 2022 amounted to 4.9 billion, of which approximately 24 related to generation PPE, 67 related to transmission and distribution PPE, and 9 related to other PPE. Approximately 8 of the total net book value relates to generation PPE that has been deactivated or that the Utilities plan to deactivate or decommission. 
 Regulatory proceedings. On December 23, 2020, the PBR D O was issued, establishing the PBR Framework. The PBR Framework implemented a five-year multi-year rate period (MRP), during which there will be no general rate case applications. In the fourth year of the MRP, the PUC will comprehensively review the PBR Framework to determine if any modifications or revisions are appropriate. See also Regulatory proceedings in Note 3 of the Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 Developments in renewable energy efforts. Developments in the Utilities efforts to further their renewable energy strategy include renewable energy projects discussed in Note 3 of the Consolidated Financial Statements and the following: 
 New renewable PPAs . 
 On November 16, 2021, Hawaii Electric Light and Hawi Renewable Development, LLC (HRD) entered into an Amended and Restated Power Purchase Agreement (ARPPA). Under the ARPPA, HRD would make modifications to upgrade and repower the existing wind facility to enable it to continue to provide up to 10.56 MW of energy at a cost savings for customers. The ARPPA is delinked from the price of fossil fuel and extends the term of the existing PPA by 20 years following the commercial operations date. On December 17, 2021, Hawaii Electric Light filed an application for approval of the ARPPA, requesting a decision no later than June 15, 2022. On June 17, 2022, HRD notified the Utilities that the lead time for delivery and price of equipment needed for the repowering project had increased such that it would prevent HRD from achieving the required guaranteed commercial operation date. Additionally, HRD informed the Utilities that drastic changes in the market conditions had significantly impacted the financial viability of the project. On June 24, 2022, the Utilities requested that the PUC put the procedural schedule on hold to allow HRD time to re-evaluate its plans and determine what is needed to keep the project financially viable. On January 11, 2023, Hawaii Electric Light and HRD entered into a First Amendment to the ARPPA (First Amendment). The First Amendment includes an extension of the Guaranteed Commercial Operations Date (GCOD) by 26 months to accommodate the delayed delivery of components, and a temporary price increase until HRD recovers its estimated increased costs specified in the First Amendment. On January 27, 2023, Hawaii Electric Light requested the PUC to resume the docket and on February 3, 2023, Hawaii Electric Light and the Consumer Advocate submitted a proposed procedural schedule to accommodate additional steps to review the First Amendment. 
 On December 31, 2019, Hawaii Electric Light and Puna Geothermal Ventures entered into an Amended and Restated Power Purchase Agreement (ARPPA). The ARPPA extends the term of the existing PPA by 25 years to 2052, expands the firm capacity of the facility to 46 MW and delinks the pricing for energy delivered from the facility from fossil fuel prices to reduce cost to customers. On March 31, 2021, the PUC suspended the docket pending the completion of a supplemental environmental review under the Hawaii Environmental Policy Act (HEPA). After the Office of Planning and Sustainable Development identified the Planning Department for the County of Hawaii to be the accepting agency and approving authority for any required HEPA review, the PUC lifted the suspension of the docket stating that the docket was ready for decision-making. On March 16, 2022, the PUC issued a D O, approving the ARPPA, subject to conditions, that include requiring completion of the final environmental review prior to construction. On March 28, 2022, Puna Pono Alliance filed a Motion for Reconsideration seeking reconsideration, modification and/or vacation of the D O. On June 6, the PUC denied Puna Pono s Motion for Reconsideration. PGV has notified the Utilities that changes in market conditions have transpired since the terms of the ARPPA were negotiated and has indicated its desire to negotiate an amendment to the ARPPA to mitigate the impacts. The Utilities are in discussions regarding an amendment. 
 53 

Under a request for proposal process governed by the PUC and monitored by independent observers, in February 2018, the Utilities issued Stage 1 Renewable RFPs for 220 MW of renewable generation on Oahu, 50 MW of renewable generation on Hawaii Island, and 60 MW of renewable generation on Maui. To date, summarized information for a total of eight PPAs is as follows: Utilities Number of contracts Total photovoltaic size (MW) BESS Size (MW/MWh) Guaranteed commercial operation dates Contract term (years) Total projected annual payment (in millions) Hawaiian Electric 4 139.5 139.5/558 7/31/22, 1/11/23, 1/20/23 8/31/23 20 25 32.0 Hawaii Electric Light 2 60 60/240 12/2/22 4/21/23 25 14.9 Maui Electric 2 75 75/300 4/28/23 10/27/23 25 17.6 Total 8 274.5 274.5/1,098 64.5 
 Project delays have resulted in Guaranteed Commercial Operations Date being missed. 
 The Utilities have received PUC approvals to recover the total projected annual payment of 64.5 million for the eight PPAs through the PPAC to the extent such costs are not included in base rates. To date, the Utilities filed six requests with the PUC for approval of amendments related to previously-approved PPAs for changes in pricing and/or guaranteed commercial operations dates to support completion of the projects while maintaining system reliability. The PUC has approved four amendments and two requests filed in February 2023 are pending PUC approval. On July 31, 2022, the first Stage 1 solar-pus-storage project was placed into service. On January 11, 2023, Waiawa Solar project on Oahu also reached commercial operations. See also Stage 1 renewable PPAs in Note 3 of the Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 In continuation of their February 2018 request for proposal process, the Utilities issued their Stage 2 Renewable RFPs for Oahu, Maui and Hawaii Island and Grid Services RFP on August 22, 2019. Final awards for the renewable projects were made on May 8, 2020. Final awards for the grid services projects were made starting in January 2020. To date, the Utilities had filed 11 PPAs. Additionally, two GSPAs and two applications for commitments of funds for capital expenditures for approval of the utility self-build projects were filed with the PUC. The majority of these projects were approved by the PUC in 2021. On March 23, 2022, the PUC approved one solar-plus-storage project on Oahu for 15 MW of generation and 60 MWh of storage. Of the 11 filed PPAs, five PPAs were declared null and void by the independent power producers and one PPA was mutually terminated. On May 25, 2022, the PUC denied the one Utility Self-Build project on Hawaii Island. In response, the Utilities filed a motion for reconsideration with the PUC. On June 24, 2022 the Utilities filed Supplemental Request informing the PUC that the project might be eligible to receive funds under the federal Infrastructure Investment and Jobs Act (IIJA). On July 27, 2022 the PUC suspended the docket until after such time that the Utilities have received final disposition of its application for funding under the IIJA. The Utilities shall then properly request the PUC to lift the suspension and either issue a decision on the pending Motion, or take further action as appropriate. On February 23, 2023, the PUC lifted the suspension and reopened the docket to begin review of the application. On July 25, 2022, the PUC approved the final solar-plus-storage project on Oahu for 42 MW of generation and 168 MWh of storage. The Utility Self-Build project on Maui is still pending PUC approval. On October 21, 2022, the Utilities filed a letter with the PUC requesting approval of an amendment to increase price and to change the guaranteed commercial operation date of a previously-approved PPA for Stage 2 on Maui. The PUC conditionally approved the amendment on December 2, 2022. On November 17, 2022, an approved Stage 2 project on Oahu declared its PPA null and void; the Utilities filed a notice with the PUC on November 22, 2022. On December 23, 2022, the Utilities and developer of a Stage 2 project on Maui mutually terminated its PPA; the Utilities filed a noticed with the PUC on December 29, 2022. 
 A summary of the remaining five Stage 2 PPAs, is as follows: Utilities Number of contracts Total photovoltaic size (MW) BESS Size (MW/MWh) Guaranteed commercial operation dates Contract term (years) Total projected annual payment (in millions) Hawaiian Electric 3 79 79 / 443 5/17/23, 10/30/23 4/9/2024 20 25 28.8 Hawaiian Electric 1 N/A 185 / 565 12/30/22 20 24.0 Maui Electric 1 40 40 / 160 12/31/2024 25 19.1 Total 5 119 304 / 1,168 71.9 
 See further discussion under Review of Interconnection Process and Kapolei Energy Storage Power Purchase Agreement below. 
 54 

The total projected annual payment of 71.9 million for these PPAs will be recovered through the PPAC to the extent such costs are not included in base rates. 
 A summary of the GSPAs that were approved by PUC in December 2020 is as follows: 
 Utilities Fast Frequency Response - 1 (MW) Fast Frequency Response - 2 (MW) Capacity - Load Build (MW) Capacity - Load Reduction (MW) Hawaiian Electric 26.7 14.5 19.4 Hawaii Electric Light 6.0 3.2 4.0 Maui Electric 6.1 1.9 4.7 Total 12.1 26.7 19.6 28.1 
 A summary of the utility self-build projects that are pending PUC approval is as follows: 
 Utilities Number of contracts BESS Size (MW/MWh) Guaranteed commercial operation dates Hawaii Electric Light 1 12/12 12/30/22 Maui Electric 1 40/160 4/28/23 Total 2 52/172 
 The Utility Self-Build project was denied by the PUC on May 25, 2022 and the Utilities have filed a motion for reconsideration with the PUC. 
 The Utilities renewable energy goals depend, in large part, on the success of renewable projects developed and operated by independent power producers. Beginning in 2017, the Utilities embarked on an ambitious procurement effort, selecting multiple solar plus storage efforts to help reach the Utilities renewable portfolio standards goals as well as to assist the Utilities in retiring fossil fuel generation. Several of the recently procured projects have experienced delays as a result of supply chain disruptions caused by impacts from the COVID-19 pandemic, solar product detentions at U.S. ports of entry ordered by the U.S. Customers and Border Protection agency, and unforeseen site conditions which resulted in unanticipated project costs or in some cases the inability to effectively use previously identified project sites. These impacts have resulted in five Stage 2 projects declared null and void by the independent power producers and one Stage 2 project mutually terminating its PPA with the Utilities. Projects have also indicated potential impacts from the investigation launched by the US Department of Commerce on March 28, 2022, in response to a request by Auxin Solar Inc. in regards to solar panel imports. On June 6, 2022, President Biden created a bridge to temporarily facilitate U.S. solar deployers ability to source certain imported solar modules and cells free of certain duties for 24 months in order to ensure the U.S. has access to a sufficient supply of solar modules to meet electricity generation needs. The Utilities are in discussions with several project developers regarding requests to increase previously approved prices and extend guaranteed commercial operations date for those projects in order to ensure their viability given the impact of these recent market conditions. The Inflation Reduction Act (IRA) was signed into law on August 16, 2022. The Utilities are working with the developers to determine if the IRA will provide any benefit for the issues currently being seen by projects. Significant project delays or failures of these projects increase the risk of the Utilities not meeting the renewable portfolio standards or other climate related goals, eligibility for performance incentive mechanisms associated with the speed of increasing renewable generation, and the ability to retire fossil fuel units. 
 Tariffed renewable resources . 
 As of December 31, 2022, there were approximately 573 MW, 125 MW and 137 MW of installed distributed renewable energy technologies (mainly PV) at Hawaiian Electric, Hawaii Electric Light and Maui Electric, respectively, for tariff-based private customer generation programs, namely Standard Interconnection Agreement, Net Energy Metering, Net Energy Metering Plus, Customer Grid Supply, Customer Self Supply, Customer Grid Supply Plus and Interim Smart Export. As of December 31, 2022, an estimated 34 of single-family homes on the islands of Oahu, Hawaii and Maui have installed private rooftop solar systems, and approximately 20 of the Utilities total customers have solar systems. 
 The Utilities began accepting energy from feed-in tariff projects in 2011. As of December 31, 2022, there were 43 MW, 2 MW and 6 MW of installed feed-in tariff capacity from renewable energy technologies at Hawaiian Electric, Hawaii Electric Light and Maui Electric, respectively. 
 Biofuel sources . 
 In July 2018, the PUC approved Hawaiian Electric s three-year biodiesel supply contract with Pacific Biodiesel Technologies, LLC (PBT) to supply 2 million to 4 million gallons of biodiesel at Hawaiian Electric s Schofield 
 55 

Generating Station and the Honolulu International Airport Emergency Power Facility (HIA Facility) and any other generating unit on Oahu, as necessary. The PBT contract became effective on November 1, 2018, and has been extended for one year through December 2022. Hawaiian Electric also has a spot buy contract with PBT to purchase additional quantities of biodiesel at or below the price of diesel. Some purchases of at parity biodiesel have been made under the spot purchase contract, which was extended through June 2023. On June 30, 2021, the Utilities issued an RFP for all fuels, including biodiesel, for supply commencing January 1, 2023. The Utilities and PBT signed an agreement on December 13, 2021 for supply of biodiesel on all islands commencing January 1, 2023, which was approved by the PUC on December 1, 2022. 
 Hawaiian Electric has a contingency supply contract with REG Marketing Logistics Group, LLC to also supply biodiesel to any generating unit on Oahu in the event PBT is not able to supply necessary quantities. This contingency contract has been extended to November 2024, and will continue with no volume purchase requirements. 
 Requests for renewable proposals, expressions of interest, and information . 
 On November 22, 2021, CBRE RFPs for Molokai and Lanai were opened. The RFP for Lanai sought a single PV paired with storage project, which included a 3 MW portion, reserved for CBRE. The Lanai RFP closed on February 14, 2022 and the Molokai RFP closed on March 1, 2022. A project was selected in the Lanai RFP but negotiations were terminated. On July 1, 2022, a replacement project was selected and negotiations commenced. The RFP for Molokai sought 2.75 MW of new PV paired with storage projects for CBRE generation. No projects were selected in the Molokai RFP. However, with the concurrence of the independent observer, the Utilities are working with the lone bidder outside of the RFP process. 
 On March 17, 2022, the CBRE LMI RFPs for Oahu, Maui and Hawaii were opened and proposals were received, Seven projects were selected consisting of one standalone PV project on Oahu, three paired PV with storage projects on Maui, and three paired PV with storage projects on Hawaii Island. The Utilities opened the CBRE Tranche 1 RFPs for Oahu, Maui and Hawaii on April 14, 2022 and proposals are currently being evaluated. See Transition to a decarbonized and sustainable energy future Community-based renewable energy for additional information. 
 The PUC issued a letter to the Utilities requesting development with a Stage 3 RFP on Hawaii Island on January 21, 2021. In accordance with guidance provided by the PUC in a subsequent letter on April 20, 2021, the Utilities filed the Hawaii Island Grid Needs Assessment on July 15, 2021 and the draft RFP, including model contracts for PV+BESS, wind+BESS, standalone storage, firm renewable generation, and DER aggregators on October 15, 2021. The requirements in the Stage 3 RFP are guided by the results of the Grid Needs Assessment. On March 18, 2022, the Utilities filed a second draft of the Stage 3 RFP for Hawaii Island, incorporating stakeholder and PUC feedback. On May 31, 2022, the Utilities filed its proposed final draft Stage 3 RFP for Hawaii Island. On June 30, 2022, the PUC issued an order approving with modifications the Stage 3 RFP for Hawaii Island and providing guidance on the Oahu and Maui Stage 3 RFPs. On July 11, 2022, the Utilities filed a motion for partial reconsideration and/or clarification of the PUC s order. On July 20, 2022, the Utilities filed a Request for Extension to file the final Stage 3 RFP for Hawaii Island. On July 28, 2022, the PUC issued an order granting the Utilities motion for an enlargement of time to file the final Stage 3 RFP for Hawaii Island. The Utilities deadline to file the final Stage 3 RFP for Hawaii Island is 15 days from the filing date of the PUC s decision on the Utilities Motion for Reconsideration. On October 17, 2022, the PUC issued an order in response to the Utilities Motion. The final Stage 3 RFP was filed on November 7, 2022 and the RFP was issued on November 21, 2022. Proposals were due by February 24, 2023. 
 On February 18, 2022, the PUC sent a letter to the Utilities directing them to develop Stage 3 RFPs for Oahu and Maui. On March 10, 2022, the Utilities submitted its recommendations on plans to develop Stage 3 RFPs for Oahu and Maui, and on May 2, 2022, the Utilities filed draft RFPs for Oahu and Maui. Updated grid needs assessments for Oahu and Maui were filed on July 29, 2022. Thirty-three information requests were issued by the PUC for the near term grid needs assessments supporting the Oahu and Maui Stage 3 RFPs on September 28, 2022. On October 7, 2022, the Utilities requested an extension from October 19, 2022 to November 16, 2022 to respond. On October 17, 2022, the Utilities filed a letter in both the RFP and IGP dockets with updated schedules for the Stage 3 and IGP RFPs and requesting approval to issue the Stage 3 Hawaii RFP by October 31, 2022 and the Stage 3 Maui and Oahu RFPs by November 30, 2022. The October 17, 2022 Order also mandated a 30 day comment period on the grid needs assessments for Oahu and Maui, which started on October 20, 2022. Comments were received on November 21, 2022. The filing of the Utilities letter crossed with the filing of the PUC order. As a result of the updated near term grid needs assessments for Oahu and Maui as well as the subsequent withdrawals of one Stage 2 project each on Oahu and Maui, the Stage 3 RFP energy targets were increased. For Oahu, the Utilities are seeking 500 to 700 MW of renewable firm capacity, and at least 965 GWh of renewable dispatchable energy annually. For Maui, the Utilities are procuring at least 40 MW of renewable firm capacity, and at least 425 GWh of renewable dispatchable energy annually. On December 1, 2022, the PUC approved the Stage 3 RFPs for Oahu and Maui with modifications. On December 22, 
 56 

2022, the final RFPs were filed, and were automatically approved by the PUC on January 17, 2023 and opened for bids on January 20, 2023. 
 On November 17, 2021, the Utilities filed a request with the PUC to develop an RFP for firm renewable generation for Oahu. On December 22, 2021, the PUC issued guidance to the Utilities on proceeding with such RFP. The Utilities filed a draft RFP on February 28, 2022. Per the PUC s March 23, 2022 letter, the Utilities will pursue firm renewable generation as a part of the Stage 3 Oahu RFP. 
 Review of Interconnection Process and Kapolei Energy Storage Power Purchase Agreement . 
 
 In February 2021, the PUC initiated a docket for the purposes of reviewing the status and interconnection progress of various utility-related renewable projects (i.e. Stage 1 and Stage 2 RFP PPAs and CBRE) and the Utilities transition plans for the expiration of the AES power purchase agreement, the retirement of the Kahului Power Plant, and other fossil fuel power plant transition plans, as needed. The Utilities filed initial status updates on the project timelines, steps needed for each of the renewable projects to achieve commercial operation and steps the Utilities are taking to address projected extensions of GCODs for renewable projects under development, which are due to a variety of factors, including those outside of the control of the Utilities. The PUC subsequently held status conferences on the Utilities updates. In April 2021, the PUC issued an Order directing the Utilities to establish regulatory liabilities for the difference between the on-peak avoided cost and the unit price included in the applications for approval of the renewable project PPAs, effective with the GCOD included in the applications (the earliest GCOD included in the applications is July 2021) or from the date of the Order for CBRE Phase 1 projects. The amount of regulatory liabilities to be recorded in future periods are not determinable at this time and would be affected by a number of factors, including the length of the GCOD extension period, the monthly on-peak avoided cost, as well as the factors described above. The Utilities filed a Motion for Reconsideration of the entire Order, or in the alternative to clarify that at most the PUC is directing the Utilities to track the information and not record the information at this time. The Utilities further requested a Stay of the Order pending resolution of the Motion. The Utilities maintain that extensions of GCODs are allowed under the PUC-approved contracts and that the Order has the unintended consequence of imposing penalties against the Utilities without due process. In May 2021, the PUC issued an order clarifying its Order and directed the Utilities to track costs to consumers caused by the perceived delay of renewable projects, and that the PUC does not intend to, at this time, impose any penalties on the Utilities. The Utilities report the tracked cost on a monthly basis. The full text of the Order, Motion for Reconsideration and request for a Stay of the Order, and clarification Order as well as the tracked costs can be found on the PUC website at dms.puc.hawaii.gov/dms (Docket No. 2021-0024). 
 During the 2022 Legislative Session, the Hawaii State Legislature passed Senate Bill 2474 SD 2 HD 1 CD 1, which was signed into law on June 27, 2022 as Act 201. The law requires that the PUC contract with a qualified consultant to conduct a study on the accessibility of Hawaii s electric system and procedures for interconnection to Hawaii s electric system, including but not limited to the timeliness and costs of interconnection. The PUC contracted with PA Consulting to conduct the study as well as act as the Independent Engineer for the Stage 3 Request for Proposal procurement. The report was submitted to the PUC on December 28, 2022 and did not find any wrongdoing on the part of the utility. The report made minor recommendations for Hawaiian Electric to review interconnection related tariff/rules and revise, if necessary, to provide technical clarity in terms of interconnection requirements, to establish a database for the purpose of centralizing all information related to all interconnection projects they manage, including their self-build and IPP-built projects, and to develop comparable interconnection cost metrics for self-build and IPP-built projects so that interconnection costs can be directly compared. The PUC stated its intent to address the recommendations that are directed to Hawaiian Electric through various proceedings related to the interconnection process. Hawaiian Electric will be working on these recommendations. The contracted consultant is also planning a second phase of the study, to be completed in 2023, which will include the assessment and recommendation of remaining issues listed in Act 201 that are not covered in Phase 1. 
 Also in April 2021, the PUC approved the Kapolei Energy Storage (KES) PPA (one of the PPAs as a result of the Stage 2 Renewable RFP process) (KES Decision and Order), subject to nine conditions, including the Utilities forgoing the second portion of the PIM rewards amounting up to 1.7 million for the Stage 1 RFP PPAs, removing grid constraints for the Utilities CBRE Phase 2 projects and for existing and new distributed energy programs, financial retirement of Hawaiian Electric generating units by specified dates and adjusting target revenues at the retirement dates for such retirements, and a requirement to charge the batteries in the project using significant levels of renewable energy generation. The financial retirement of the generating units described in the KES Decision and Order is contrary to the intent of Hawaii Revised Statutes 269-6(d), which encourages the recovery of stranded costs for the retirement of fossil fuel generation, and contrary to the regulatory compact under which in return for agreeing to commit capital necessary to allow utilities to meet their obligation to serve, utilities are assured recovery of their 
 57 

investment and a fair opportunity to earn a reasonable return on the capital prudently committed to the business. Hawaiian Electric filed a Motion for Reconsideration and Stay of the Decision and Order due to potentially significant financial and operational impacts. In May 2021, the PUC granted, in part, Hawaiian Electric s Motion for Reconsideration and Stay. In this Order, the PUC addressed a number of Hawaiian Electric s concerns, including removing the condition of the Utilities foregoing the PIM award from Stage 1 RFP projects, agreeing to address grid constraint concerns in respective DER and CBRE dockets and not in the KES docket, removing the minimum thresholds of charging energy coming from renewable energy generation and corresponding deadlines associated with these thresholds and modifying the condition on financial retirement of generating units. The PUC indicated the net book value of generating assets would be addressed at the time of retirement. The full text of the KES Decision and Order and the Motion for Reconsideration and Stay with respect thereto, and the Order granting, in part, Hawaiian Electric s Motion for Reconsideration can be found on the PUC website at dms.puc.hawaii.gov/dms (Docket No. 2020-0136). 
 
 Legislation and regulation. Congress and the Hawaii legislature periodically consider legislation that could have positive or negative effects on the Utilities and their customers. Also see Environmental regulation in Item 1. Business and Note 3 of the Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 Fuel contracts. The fuel contract entered into in January 2019, by the Utilities and PAR Hawaii Refining, LLC (PAR Hawaii), for the Utilities low sulfur fuel oil (LSFO), high sulfur fuel oil (HSFO), No. 2 diesel, and ultra-low sulfur diesel (ULSD) requirements was approved by the PUC, and became effective on April 28, 2019 and terminated on December 31, 2022. This contract was a requirement contract with no minimum purchases. If PAR Hawaii is unable to provide LSFO, HSFO, diesel and/or ULSD the contract allows the Utilities to purchase LSFO, HSFO, diesel and/or ULSD from another supplier. 
 On June 9, 2020, the Utilities and PAR Hawaii entered into a First Amendment to the fuel contract. The First Amendment amends only the LSFO pricing to create a two-tiered structure based on volume, with all tier-1 LSFO up to the tier-1 maximum to be purchased exclusively from PAR Hawaii at the established pricing, and purchases in excess of that volume (tier-2) either from PAR Hawaii at the established pricing, or from an alternative supplier. On August 4, 2020, the PUC approved the First Amendment, which has an effective date of July 15, 2020, on an interim basis. The PUC s approval order allows the recovery of such costs associated with the First Amendment through the ECRC to the extent that the costs are not recovered in base rates. The PUC intends to review whether the First Amendment is reasonable and in the public interest in the final decision, but it will not subject the recovery of the costs between the interim decision and the final decision to retroactive disallowances. On July 6, 2021, the PUC issued a D O, approving the First Amendment and requiring the Utilities to meet certain conditions of approval (COA). The Utilities are currently addressing the COAs as required in the D O. 
 On June 30, 2021, the Utilities issued two RFPs for all fuels for supply commencing January 1, 2023. On February 1, 2022, the Utilities and PAR Hawaii entered into a fuel supply contract commencing January 1, 2023 and Second Amendment to the existing fuel contract to amend tier-1 volumes. On September 1, 2022, the fuel supply contract with PAR Hawaii was approved by the PUC on an interim basis and the Second Amendment to the existing fuel contract received final approval from the PUC. 
 On March 3, 2022, as part of economic sanctions amid the Russia-Ukraine war, Par Hawaii announced that it is suspending all purchases of Russian crude oil, which accounts for at least 25 of Hawaii s supply. The average fuel oil cost per barrel has increased 77 over prior year. The Utilities are taking additional measure to ensure adequate supply of fuel by entering into a backup fuel supply contract with Vitol Inc. (Vitol) commencing on December 1, 2022 through June 30, 2023 with annual extensions if mutually agreed by both parties. The PUC issued the final decision and order approving the both the PAR fuels contracts and the Vitol backup fuels supply contract on December 1, 2022. The costs incurred under the contract with PAR Hawaii and Vitol are recovered in the Utilities respective ECRCs. 
 Proposed modification to the pension tracking mechanism. On June 9, 2022, the Utilities filed an application with the PUC for approval to modify the pension tracking mechanism. The existing pension tracking mechanisms allows the Utilities to record the difference between actual NPPC and NPPC in rates to regulatory asset or liability. The proposed modification would allow the Utilities to also record to regulatory asset or liability the difference between the actual cash contributions made to the defined contribution plans and the contribution amounts included in rates. The Utilities also proposed in the application the accelerated return of pension tracking regulatory liability to the ratepayers during the current MRP. The PUC issued a D O on January 13, 2023, denying the Utilities proposal to modify the pension tracking mechanism at this time. The PUC clarified that it is open to re-visiting this issue in a comprehensive examination of the pension tracker, with a more holistic review of potential impacts and benefits to the customers. The pension tracker will continue to operate as it has been since each of the Utilities last general rate cases. The Utilities are required to file their annual actuarial report showing the NPPC and pension plan s financial position in their most recent respective rate case dockets. 
 58 

Liquidity and capital resources. As of December 31, 2022, Hawaiian Electric had 88 million of commercial paper outstanding, no amount outstanding on its revolving credit facility, and the total amount of available borrowing capacity under the Utilities committed line of credit was 200 million. 
 Hawaiian Electric expects that its liquidity will continue to be moderately impacted at the Utilities due to higher fuel prices and lingering COVID-19 impacts to the local economy. As of December 31, 2022, fuel inventories have increased by 87 million compared to December 31, 2021. Elevated fuel prices billed to customers have also resulted in higher accounts receivable balances, which increased by 101 million, compared to the accounts receivable balances as of December 31, 2021. Higher accounts receivable balances and bad debt expense may result in higher write-offs in the future. In addition to the cash flow impact from delayed collection of accounts receivable, lower kWh sales relative to the level of kWh sales approved in the last rate case generally result in delayed timing of cash flows, resulting in higher working capital requirements. However, the Utilities liquidity and access to capital remains adequate and is expected to remain adequate. As of December 31, 2022, the total amount of available borrowing capacity (net of commercial paper outstanding) under the Utilities committed lines of credit and cash and cash equivalents was approximately 151 million. 
 The Utilities are continuing the disconnection process on a tiered basis, expanding the targeted balances, which is expected to further reduce delinquent accounts receivable balances and accelerate cash collections. 
 Hawaiian Electric s consolidated capital structure was as follows: 
 December 31 2022 2021 (dollars in millions) Short-term borrowings, net 88 2 Long-term debt, net 1,685 41 1,676 42 Preferred stock 34 1 34 1 Common stock equity 2,344 56 2,262 57 4,151 100 3,972 100 
 Information about Hawaiian Electric s commercial paper borrowings, borrowings from HEI, and line of credit facility were as follows: 
 Year ended December 31, 2022 (in millions) Average balance End-of-period balance December 31, 2021 Short-term borrowings 1 
 Commercial paper 47 88 Borrowings from HEI 2 Line of credit draws on revolving credit facility 
 1 The maximum amount of external short-term borrowings by Hawaiian Electric during 2022 was approximately 106 million. At December 31, 2022, Hawaiian Electric had short-term borrowings from Hawaii Electric Light and Maui Electric of 5 million and 22 million, respectively, which intercompany borrowings are eliminated in consolidation. 
 Hawaiian Electric utilizes short-term debt, typically commercial paper, to support normal operations, to refinance short-term debt and for other temporary requirements. Hawaiian Electric also borrows short-term from HEI for itself and on behalf of Hawaii Electric Light and Maui Electric, and Hawaiian Electric may borrow from or loan to Hawaii Electric Light and Maui Electric on a short-term basis. The intercompany borrowings among the Utilities, but not the borrowings from HEI, are eliminated in the consolidation of Hawaiian Electric s financial statements. The Utilities periodically utilize long-term debt, borrowings of the proceeds of special purpose revenue bonds (SPRBs) issued by the State of Hawaii Department of Budget and Finance (DBF) and the issuance of privately placed unsecured senior notes bearing taxable interest, to finance the Utilities capital improvement projects, or to repay short-term borrowings used to finance such projects. The PUC must approve issuances, if any, of equity and long-term debt securities by the Utilities. 
 Credit agreement . On February 18, 2022, the PUC approved Hawaiian Electric s request to extend the term of the 200 million Hawaiian Electric revolving credit facility to May 14, 2026. In addition to extending the term, Hawaiian Electric received PUC approval to exercise its options of two one-year extensions of the commitment termination date and to increase its aggregate revolving commitment amount from 200 million to 275 million, should there be a need. Hawaiian Electric has a 200 million line of credit facility with no amount outstanding at December 31, 2022. 
 59 

Credit ratings . As of February 13, 2023, the Fitch, Moody s and S P ratings of Hawaiian Electric were as follows: 
 Fitch Moody s S P Long-term issuer default, long-term and issuer credit, respectively BBB+ Baa1 BBB Commercial paper F2 P-2 A-2 Senior unsecured debt/special purpose revenue bonds A- Baa1 Cumulative preferred stock (selected series) Baa3 Outlook Positive Stable Stable 
 Not rated. 
 Note: The above ratings reflect only the view, at the time the ratings are issued or affirmed, of the applicable rating agency, from whom an explanation of the significance of such ratings may be obtained. Such ratings are not recommendations to buy, sell or hold any securities; such ratings may be subject to revision or withdrawal at any time by the rating agencies; and each rating should be evaluated independently of any other rating. 
 SPRBs . SPRBs have been issued by the DBF to finance (and refinance) capital improvement projects of Hawaiian Electric and its subsidiaries, but the sources of their repayment are the non-collateralized obligations of Hawaiian Electric and its subsidiaries under loan agreements and notes issued to the DBF, including Hawaiian Electric s guarantees of its subsidiaries obligations. 
 On May 24, 2019, the PUC approved the Utilities request to issue SPRBs in the amounts of up to 70 million, 2.5 million and 7.5 million for Hawaiian Electric, Hawaii Electric Light and Maui Electric, respectively, prior to June 30, 2020, to finance the Utilities capital improvement programs. Pursuant to this approval, on October 10, 2019, the DBF issued, at par, Series 2019 SPRBs in the aggregate principal amount of 80 million with a maturity of October 1, 2049. As of December 31, 2022, Hawaiian Electric, Hawaii Electric Light and Maui Electric had no undrawn funds. 
 On June 10, 2019, the Hawaii legislature authorized the issuance of up to 700 million of SPRBs 400 million for Hawaiian Electric, 150 million for Hawaii Electric Light and 150 million for Maui Electric), with PUC approval, prior to June 30, 2024, to finance the Utilities multi-project capital improvement programs (2019 Legislative Authorization). 
 On February 9, 2021, the PUC approved the Utilities request to issue SPRBs (up to 100 million, 35 million and 45 million for Hawaiian Electric, Hawaii Electric Light and Maui Electric, respectively) through 2022, with the proceeds to be used to finance the Utilities multi-project capital improvement programs. The PUC also approved the use of the expedited approval procedure to request the issuance and sale of the remaining/unused amount of SPRBs authorized by the 2019 Legislative Authorization (i.e., total not to exceed up to 400 million for Hawaiian Electric, up to 150 million for Hawaii Electric Light, and up to 150 million for Maui Electric) during the period January 1, 2023 through June 30, 2024. On January 31, 2023, the PUC approved the Utilities requests to issue the remaining unused amounts of the SPRBs during the period January 1, 2023 through June 30, 2024, and the certification and approval of supplemental projects eligible to be financed by the SPRB proceeds. 
 Taxable debt . On January 31, 2019, the Utilities received PUC approval (January 2019 Approval) to issue the remaining authorized amounts under the PUC approval received in April 2018 (April 2018 Approval) in 2019 through 2020 (Hawaiian Electric up to 205 million and Hawaii Electric Light up to 15 million of taxable debt), as well as a supplemental increase to authorize the issuance of additional taxable debt to finance capital expenditures, repay long-term and/or short term debt used to finance or refinance capital expenditures, and/or to reimburse funds used for payment of capital expenditures, and to refinance the Utilities 2004 junior subordinated deferrable interest debentures (QUIDS) prior to maturity. In addition, the January 2019 Approval authorized the Utilities to extend the period to issue additional taxable debt from December 31, 2021 to December 31, 2022. The new total up to amounts of taxable debt requested to be issued through December 31, 2022 are 410 million, 150 million and 130 million for Hawaiian Electric, Hawaii Electric Light and Maui Electric, respectively. 
 On May 3, 2022, the Utilities received PUC approval through the expedited approval process to issue taxable debt (Hawaiian Electric up to 50 million, Hawaii Electric Light up to 30 million and Maui Electric up to 35 million) prior to December 31, 2022. Pursuant to the approval, on June 15, 2022, the Utilities drew 60 million of proceeds using a delayed draw feature under a private placement executed on May 11, 2022. The proceeds of the notes were used by the Utilities to finance their respective capital expenditures, repay short-term debt used to finance or refinance capital expenditures and/or reimburse funds used for the payment of capital expenditures. See Note 6 of the Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 As of December 31, 2022, Hawaiian Electric, Hawaii Electric Light, and Maui Electric had 95 million, 75 million, and 35 million, respectively, of remaining unused taxable debt authorization. See summary table below. 
 60 

(in millions) Hawaiian Electric Hawaii Electric Light Maui Electric Total up to amounts of taxable debt authorized through 2022 410 150 130 Less: Taxable debt authorized and issued in 2018 under April 2018 Approval 75 15 10 Taxable debt issuance to refinance the 2004 QUIDS in 2019 30 10 10 Taxable debt issuance in May 2020 110 10 40 Taxable debt executed in October 2020, but issued on January 14, 2021 60 30 25 Taxable debt executed in May 2022, but issued on June 15, 2022 40 10 10 Remaining unused authorized amounts that expired December 31, 2022 95 75 35 
 
 On December 20, 2022, the Utilities received PUC approval to issue, over a four-year period from January 1, 2023 to December 31, 2026, unsecured obligations bearing taxable interest (Hawaiian Electric up to 230 million, Hawaii Electric Light up to 65 million and Maui Electric up to 105 million), to finance capital expenditures, repay long-term and/or short-term debt used to finance or refinance capital expenditures, and/or to reimburse funds used for payment of capital expenditures. Pursuant to the approval, on January 10, 2023, the Utilities executed through a private placement, 150 million in unsecured senior notes. See Note 6 of the Consolidated Financial Statements. See summary table below for new authorized amounts. 
 (in millions) Hawaiian Electric Hawaii Electric Light Maui Electric Total up to amounts of taxable debt authorized from 2023 through 2026 230 65 105 Less: Taxable debt executed in January 2023, but issued on February 9, 2023 100 25 25 Remaining authorized amounts 130 40 80 
 Equity . In October 2018, the Utilities received PUC approval for the supplemental increase to issue and sell additional common stock in the amounts of up to 280 million for Hawaiian Electric and up to 100 million each for Hawaii Electric Light and Maui Electric, with the new total up to amounts of 430 million for Hawaiian Electric and 110 million each for Hawaii Electric Light and Maui Electric, and to extend the period authorized by the PUC to issue and sell common stock from December 31, 2021 to December 31, 2022. As of December 31, 2022, Hawaiian Electric, Hawaii Electric Light, and Maui Electric had 208.3 million, 87.7 million, and 60.2 million, respectively, of unused common stock authorization. See summary table below. 
 
 (in millions) Hawaiian Electric Hawaii Electric Light Maui Electric Total up to amounts of common stock authorized to issue and sell through 2021 150.0 10.0 10.0 Supplemental increase authorized 280.0 100.0 100.0 Total up to amounts of common stock authorized to issue and sell through 2022 430.0 110.0 110.0 Less: Common stock authorized and issued from 2017 through 2021 208.6 16.3 46.8 Less: Common stock authorized and issued in 2022 13.1 6.0 3.0 Remaining unused authorized amounts that expired December 31, 2022 208.3 87.7 60.2 
 On December 20, 2022, the Utilities received PUC approval to issue and sell each utility s common stock over a four-year period from January 1, 2023 through December 31, 2026 (Hawaiian Electric s sale/s to HEI of up to 75 million, Hawaii Electric Light sale/s to Hawaiian Electric of up to 25 million, and Maui Electric sale/s to Hawaiian Electric of up to 55 million) and the purchase of Hawaii Electric Light and Maui Electric common stock by Hawaiian Electric from 2023 through December 31, 2026. 
 
 Cash flows . The following table reflects the changes in cash flows for the year ended December 31, 2022 
 compared to the year ended December 31, 2021: 
 Years ended December 31 (in thousands) 2022 2021 Change Net cash provided by operating activities 327,930 273,133 54,797 Net cash used in investing activities (324,085) (285,965) (38,120) Net cash provided by (used in) financing activities (19,861) 4,764 (24,625) 
 
 61 

Net cash provided by operating activities: The increase in net cash provided by operating activities was primarily driven by lower revenue taxes paid due to timing, and higher cash receipts due to increased disconnection efforts and receipts of payments on installment plans, partially offset by higher cash paid for fuel oil stock due to higher fuel oil prices and higher volume purchased, and increase in customer accounts receivable resulting from increase in fuel prices. 
 Net cash used in investing activities : The increase in net cash used in investing activities was primarily driven by a increase in capital expenditures related to construction activities. 
 Net cash provided by financing activiti es: The decrease in net cash provided by financing activities was driven by lower proceeds from issuance of long-term debts and common stock, and higher dividend payment, partially offset by net increase in short-term borrowing in 2022. 
 For a discussion of 2020 operating, investing and financing activities, please refer to the Liquidity and capital resources section in Item 7, Management Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Electric utility, in the Company s 2021 Form 10-K. 
 Material cash requirements . Material cash requirements of the Utilities include O M expenses, including labor and benefit costs, fuel and purchase power costs, repayment of debt and interest payments, operating lease obligations, its forecasted capital expenditures and investments, its expected retirement benefit plan contributions and other short-term and long-term material cash requirements. The cash requirements for O M, fuel and purchase power costs, debt and interest payments, and operating lease obligations are generally funded through the collection of the Utilities revenue requirement established in the last rate case and other mechanisms established under the regulatory framework. The cash requirements for capital expenditures are generally funded through retained earnings, the issuance of debt, and contributions of equity from HEI and generally recovered through the Utilities revenue requirement or other capital recovery mechanisms over time. The Utilities believe that their ability to generate cash is adequate to maintain sufficient liquidity to fund their material cash requirements. However, the economic impact of higher fuel prices, inflation, higher interest rates, tightening of monetary policy, the ongoing COVID-19 pandemic and geopolitical situations, create significant uncertainty, and the Utilities cannot predict the extent or duration of these conditions, the future effects that it will have on the global, national or local economy, including the impacts on the Utilities ability, as well as the cost, to access additional capital, or the future impacts on the Utilities financial position, results of operations, and cash flows. See Item 1A. Risk Factors in Part I for further discussion of risks and uncertainties. 
 Forecast capital expenditures . For the five-year period 2023 through 2027, the Utilities forecast approximately 2.2 billion of net capital expenditures, which could change over time based upon external factors such as the timing and scope of environmental regulations and/or unforeseen delays in permitting and timing of PUC decisions. Approximately 1.6 billion is related to replacement and modernization of generation, transmission and distribution assets; approximately 0.3 billion is related to climate-related projects to transition to renewable energy or mitigate climate impacts by increasing the resilience of the system, and approximately 0.3 billion for targeted efforts to improve reliability. Proceeds from the issuance of equity and long-term debt, cash flows from operating activities, temporary increases in short-term borrowings and existing cash and cash equivalents are expected to provide the funds needed for the net capital expenditures, to pay down commercial paper or other short-term borrowings, as well as to fund any unanticipated expenditures not included in the 2023 to 2027 forecast (such as increases in the costs or acceleration of capital projects, or unanticipated capital expenditures that may be required by new environmental laws and regulations). 
 Management periodically reviews capital expenditure estimates and the timing of construction projects. These estimates may change significantly as a result of many considerations, including changes in economic conditions, changes in forecasts of kWh sales and peak load, the availability of purchased power and changes in expectations concerning the construction and ownership of future generation units, the availability of generating sites and transmission and distribution corridors, the need for fuel infrastructure investments, the ability to obtain adequate and timely rate increases, escalation in construction costs, the effects of opposition to proposed construction projects and requirements of environmental and other regulatory and permitting authorities. 
 62 

Selected short-term and long-term contractual obligations and commitments . The following table presents aggregated information about total payments due from the Utilities during the indicated periods under the specified contractual obligations and commitments: 
 December 31, 2022 Payments due by period (in millions) Less than 1 year 1-3 
 years 
 3-5 
 years 
 More than 5 years Total Short-term borrowings 88 88 Long-term debt 100 47 225 1,320 1,692 Interest on long-term debt 69 129 120 681 999 Operating and finance leases PPAs classified as leases 11 22 22 104 159 Other leases 18 27 18 25 88 Open purchase order obligations 1 
 178 65 12 255 Fuel oil purchase obligations (estimate based on fuel oil price at December 31) 5 9 5 19 Purchase power obligations-minimum fixed capacity charges not classified as leases 80 160 160 521 921 Liabilities for uncertain tax positions 2 2 Total (estimated) 549 461 562 2,651 4,223 
 1 Includes contractual obligations and commitments for capital expenditures and expense amounts. 
 The table above does not include other categories of obligations and commitments, such as deferred taxes, trade payables, amounts that will become payable in future periods under collective bargaining and other employment agreements and employee benefit plans and potential refunds of amounts collected from ratepayers (e.g., under the earnings sharing mechanism). As of December 31, 2022, the fair value of the assets held in trusts to satisfy the obligations of the Utilities retirement benefit plans did not exceed the retirement benefit plans benefit obligation. Minimum funding requirements for retirement benefit plans have not been included in the table above. See Note 10 of the Consolidated Financial Statements for retirement benefit plan obligations and estimated contributions for 2023. 
 See Biofuel sources in the Developments in renewable energy efforts section above for additional information for fuel oil purchase obligation. See Notes 3 and 8 of the Consolidated Financial Statements for a discussion of power purchase commitments and operating leases obligations, respectively. 
 Competition. Although competition in the generation sector in Hawaii is moderated by the scarcity of generation sites, various permitting processes and lack of interconnections to other electric utilities, the PUC has promoted a more competitive electric industry environment through its decisions concerning competitive bidding and distributed generation. An increasing amount of generation is provided by IPPs and customer distributed generation. 
 Competitive bidding . In December 2006, the PUC issued a decision that included a final competitive bidding framework, which became effective immediately. The final framework states, among other things, that: (1) a utility is required to use competitive bidding to acquire a future generation resource or a block of generation resources unless the PUC finds bidding to be unsuitable; (2) the framework does not apply in certain situations identified in the framework; (3) waivers from competitive bidding for certain circumstances will be considered; (4) the utility is required to select an independent observer from a list approved by the PUC whenever the utility or its affiliate seeks to advance a project proposal (i.e., in competition with those offered by bidders); (5) the utility may consider its own self-bid proposals in response to generation needs identified in its RFP; and (6) for any resource to which competitive bidding does not apply (due to waiver or exemption), the utility retains its traditional obligation to offer to purchase capacity and energy from a Qualifying Facility (QF) at avoided cost upon reasonable terms and conditions approved by the PUC. 
 Technological developments . New emerging and breakthrough technological developments (e.g., the commercial development of long-duration energy storage, grid-forming and black starting inverters in low inertia power systems, microgrids, distributed generation, grid modernization, electrification of transportation, implement predictive analytics using artificial intelligence machine learning algorithms to help assess the state of health of utility assets and prevent premature failure, and the diversification of generation from renewable sources) may impact the Utilities future competitive position, results of operations, financial condition and liquidity. The Utilities continue to seek prudent opportunities to develop, test, pilot, and implement technologies that align with their technical and business plans and support clean energy and decarbonized goals, while ensuring reliability and resilience as the Utilities adapt to a changing climate. 
 Environmental matters. See Electric utility Regulation Environmental regulation under Item 1. Business and Environmental regulation in Note 3 of the Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 63 

Commitments and contingencies. See Item 1A. Risk Factors, and Note 3 of the Consolidated Financial Statements for a discussion of important commitments and contingencies. 
 Off-balance sheet arrangements. See Off-balance sheet arrangements above in HEI Consolidated section. 
 Material estimates and critical accounting policies. Also see Material estimates and critical accounting policies above in HEI Consolidated section. 
 Regulatory assets and liabilities . The Utilities are regulated by the PUC. In accordance with accounting standards for regulatory operations, the Company s and the Utilities financial statements reflect assets, liabilities, revenues and costs of the Utilities based on current cost-based rate-making regulations. The actions of regulators, including the PBR Framework, can affect the timing of recognition of revenues, expenses, assets and liabilities. 
 Regulatory liabilities represent amounts collected from customers for costs that are expected to be incurred in the future, or amounts collected in excess of costs incurred that are refundable to customers. Regulatory assets represent incurred costs that have been deferred because their recovery in future customer rates is probable. As of December 31, 2022, the consolidated regulatory liabilities and regulatory assets of the Utilities amounted to 1,056 million and 243 million, respectively, compared to 997 million and 566 million as of December 31, 2021, respectively. Regulatory liabilities and regulatory assets are itemized in Note 3 of the Consolidated Financial Statements. Management continually assesses whether the regulatory assets are probable of future recovery by considering factors such as changes in the applicable regulatory environment. Because current rates include the recovery of regulatory assets existing as of the last rate case and rates in effect allow the Utilities to earn a reasonable rate of return, management believes that the recovery of the regulatory assets as of December 31, 2022 is probable. This determination assumes continuation of the current political and regulatory climate in Hawaii and is subject to change in the future. 
 Management believes that the operations of the Utilities, including the impact of the approved PBR Framework, currently satisfy the criteria for regulatory accounting. If events or circumstances should change so that those criteria are no longer satisfied, the Utilities expect that their regulatory assets, net of regulatory liabilities, would be charged to the statement of income in the period of discontinuance, which may result in a material adverse effect on the Company s and the Utilities results of operations, financial condition and liquidity. 
 Asset retirement obligations . The Utilities recognize AROs at present value of expected costs to retire long-lived assets from service, which is estimated using a discounted cash flow model that relies on significant estimates and assumptions about future decommissioning costs, inflationary rates, and the estimated date of decommissioning. The estimated future cash flows are discounted using a credit-adjusted risk-free rate to reflect the risk associated with decommissioning the assets. The Utilities have not recorded AROs for assets that are expected to operate indefinitely or where the Utilities cannot estimate a settlement date (or range of potential settlement dates.) As such, ARO liabilities are not recorded for certain asset retirement activities, including various Utility-owned generating facilities and certain electric transmission, distribution and telecommunication assets resulting from easements over property not owned by the Utilities. 
 Changes in estimated costs, timing of decommissioning or other assumptions used in the calculation could cause material revision on the recorded liabilities. As of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, the Utilities AROs totaled 11.5 million and 11.1 million, respectively. 
 
 Bank 
 Executive overview and strategy. ASB, headquartered in Honolulu, Hawaii, is a full-service community bank serving both consumer and commercial customers. ASB is one of the largest financial institutions in Hawaii and ended 2022 with assets of 9.5 billion and net income of 80 million, compared to assets of 9.2 billion and net income of 101 million in 2021. 
 
 ASB provides a wide range of financial products and services, and in order to remain competitive and continue building core franchise value, ASB is focused on making banking easier for the customer and developing and introducing new products and services in order to meet market needs. Additionally, the banking industry is constantly changing and ASB is making the investments in people and technology necessary to adapt and remain competitive, facilitate process improvements in order to deliver a continuously better experience for its customers, and be a more efficient bank. ASB s continued focus has been on efficient growth to maximize profitability and capital efficiency, as well as control expenses. Key strategies to drive organic growth include: 
 1. deepening customer relationships through the redesign of branch-centric approaches as transactions and engagement migrate to other channels; 
 2. building out product and service offerings to open new segments; 
 64 

3. online and remotely-assisted account opening capabilities as there is a much more rapid and pervasive adoption of online and mobile banking by Hawaii banking customers; and 
 4. prioritizing efficiency actions to gain earnings leverage on organic growth. 
 The interest rate environment and the quality of ASB s assets will continue to influence its financial results. ASB has benefited from rising rates in the second half of 2022 as the Federal Reserve Bank raised short-term interest rates to combat inflation, which has been driven by supply chain issues, the reopening of the economy and government stimulus assistance. The Federal Reserve Bank s efforts to increase short-term rates to combat inflation could result in a recession and would compress ASB s net interest margin if interest rates reverse and decline to lower levels. 
 As part of its interest rate risk management process, ASB uses simulation analysis to measure net interest income sensitivity to changes in interest rates (see Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk ). ASB then employs strategies to limit the impact of changes in interest rates on net interest income. ASB s key strategies to manage interest rate risk include: 
 1. attracting and retaining low-cost deposits, particularly those in non-interest bearing transaction accounts; 
 2. diversifying the loan portfolio with higher-spread, shorter-maturity loans and/or variable rate loans; 
 3. focusing investment growth in securities that exhibit less extension risk (i.e., risk of longer average lives) as rates rise. 
 Recent Developments. See also Recent developments in HEI s MD A. 
 The Hawaii economy continued to improve in 2022 as travel and other COVID-19 related business restrictions were lifted and as visitor arrivals increased, which have helped drive a growing labor market and tax collections. Domestic visitor arrivals exceeded pre-pandemic levels in 2022 due to pent up demand from leisure travelers. The state and county governments have also lifted all COVID-related travel restrictions for arriving domestic passengers. International visitor arrivals continued to lag significantly behind pre-pandemic levels but have gradually increased as certain Asian countries began loosening travel restrictions. COVID cases caused by the new variants remain relatively stable at low levels along with hospitalization rates. 
 Consistent with the improvement in the Hawaii economy in 2022, the bank s performance continued to improve in 2022, Net interest income before provision for credit losses improved to 252.6 million for the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to net interest income before provision for credit losses of 237.2 for the year ended December 31, 2021, The increase in net interest income was primarily due to higher earning asset balances and yields, partly offset by higher other borrowings and higher cost of funds. Net interest margin decreased slightly to 2.89 for the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to 2.91 for the year ended December 31, 2021. The lower net interest margin was primarily driven by higher funding costs partially offset by higher yields on earning assets as strong loan growth outpaced deposit growth and required ASB to use higher costing other borrowings as a funding source for the loan growth. At December 31, 2022, ASB s funding sources consisted of 92 deposits and 8 other borrowings compared to 99 deposits and 1 other borrowings at December 31, 2021. Lower Paycheck Protection Program (PPP) loan income also contributed to the lower net interest margin 2022 compared to 2021. The increase in interest rates had a positive impact on the yield on earning assets as adjustable rate earning assets repriced up and new loan production interest rates in the fourth quarter of 2022 were higher than their portfolio rates. 
 In 2022 and into early 2023, the Federal Reserve raised the federal funds rate to a current target range of 4.50 -4.75 as of February 1, 2023, in response to surging inflationary pressures in the economy. The increase in interest rates have benefited ASB s net interest margin; however, the higher interest rates have also reduced mortgage refinance and purchase activity, negatively impacting mortgage banking income. Additionally, the tight labor market and inflationary pressures have increased compensation and benefit expenses, which have partially offset the benefit of a higher interest rate environment. 
 ASB experienced strong loan growth in 2022 as total loans increased 784 million or 15 compared to 2021 total loans. There was demand for commercial real estate, home equity line of credit, consumer and commercial market loan products. Residential loan portfolio growth was primarily due to ASB s decision to portfolio a larger portion of its residential loan production and the portfolio had lower prepayments. The consumer loan portfolio growth also included purchases of solar and sustainable home improvement loans from a third party. The commercial markets loan portfolio growth was partly due to the Bank s purchase of national syndicated credits. 
 Deposit growth, which was used to fund loan growth and purchase investment securities, has slowed and required ASB to increase its other borrowings to fund the loan portfolio growth, thereby increasing the Bank s funding costs and reducing its balance sheet sensitivity. Additional federal funds rate increases may not further increase the Bank s net interest margin if core deposit growth ceases and funding is replaced with other borrowings. 
 ASB recorded a provision for credit losses of 2.0 million, compared with a 25.8 million negative provision for credit losses in 2021. The provision for credit losses in 2022 was for growth in the loan portfolio and also reflected the release of loss 
 65 

reserves for improving credit trends. The negative provision for credit losses in 2021 was due to an improving economy and credit quality as the state of Hawaii was recovering from the economic impact of the 2020 COVID-19 pandemic year. The provision for credit losses in future quarters will be dependent on future economic conditions and changes to borrower credit quality at that time. 
 For the year ended December 31, 2022, the investment securities portfolio balance decreased approximately S415 million, or 13 , as slowing deposit growth resulted in lower excess liquidity and the need for other sources to fund the strong loan growth. Investment securities portfolio repayments were used as funding source for the loan growth and investment security purchases were reduced. In addition, the rise in interest rates caused higher unrealized losses in the available-for-sale investment securities portfolio which reduced the investment portfolio balance. 
 In response to COVID-19, ASB made short-term loan modifications to borrowers who were generally payment current at the time of relief. As of December 31, 2022, no loans remained in their active deferral period. Approximately 1.9 million of loans were not able to resume their contractual payments and were considered delinquent as of December 31, 2022. 
 Since 2020 through 2022, ASB reduced its branch network from 49 branches to 38 branches as it focuses on optimizing its branch network. In addition to a new digital branch, ASB had converted three existing branches to digital branches, which provide digital solutions such as full-service ATMs and access to expert bankers through videoconferencing tools while allowing the Bank to have a more efficient physical footprint. In 2022 1.6 million in branch termination costs were offset by 1.8 million gain on sale of real estate for closed branches. The reduction in ASB s branch network should not have a significant impact to the bank s customers as there are other branches nearby and other channels such as online and mobile banking. ASB continues to evaluate its branch network to determine whether further changes may be appropriate given its customers use of other banking channels. 
 The CARES Act was signed into law on March 27, 2020. The CARES Act provided over 2 trillion in economic assistance for American workers, families, and small businesses, and job preservation for American industries. The PPP was established under the CARES Act and implemented by the United States Small Business Administration (SBA) to provide a direct incentive for small businesses to keep their workers on the payroll as a result of the COVID-19 crisis. ASB worked with a number of small businesses, both customers and non-customers, to complete the loan application forms so that these businesses could participate in the program. During the first round of PPP, the Bank secured more than 370 million in PPP loans for approximately 4,100 small businesses that supported over 40,000 jobs, ASB received processing fees totaling approximately 13 million and started recognizing these fees over the life of the loans. During the second round of PPP, ASB secured more than 175 million for approximately 2,200 small businesses that supported more than 20,000 jobs; ASB received processing fees of approximately 9 million. The Bank s ASB CARES loan program continued to paydown and most of the fees from the program have been recognized as of December 31, 2022. The remaining PPP loans outstanding as of December 31, 2022 was 5 million. 
 Other provisions of the CARES Act provides that a financial institution may elect to suspend the requirements under accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America (GAAP) for certain loan modifications that would otherwise be categorized as a TDR and any related impairment for accounting purposes. See Note 4 of the Consolidated Financial Statements and Economic conditions in the HEI Consolidated section above. 
 ASB continues to maintain its low-risk profile, strong balance sheet and straightforward community banking business model. 
 
 66 

Results of operations. 
 2022 vs. 2021 
 (in millions) 2022 2021 Increase (decrease) Primary reason(s) Interest income 266 242 24 Higher average earning asset balances and yields. Average loan portfolio balances increased 217 million - residential, commercial real estate and home equity lines of credit loan portfolio average balances increased 164 million, 137 million and 33 million, respectively, primarily due to increased demand for these loan products. Average residential loan portfolio growth was also the result of ASB s decision to portfolio a larger portion of the residential loan production rather than sell them on the secondary market. Average consumer loans portfolio balance increased 26 million primarily due to purchases of solar and sustainable home improvement loans. Average commercial loans portfolio balances decreased 146 million due to repayments in the ASB Cares loan portfolio, which was the Bank s PPP loan product. Average loan portfolio yields 2 basis points higher - loan yields benefited from the rising interest rate environment. Current new loan production yields are now higher than the portfolio yields. Average investment securities portfolio balance increased 394 million - excess liquidity from strong deposit growth was invested in agency securities. Average investment securities portfolio yield 24 basis points higher - investment security purchase yields benefited from lower premium amortization as the rising interest rate environment slowed prepayment rates. Noninterest income 57 65 (8) Lower mortgage banking income and lower bank owned life insurance income were partly offset by higher customer fee income and higher gain on sale of real estate. Lower mortgage banking income - lower residential loan sales volume primarily due to lower demand for residential loans and ASB s decision to portfolio a larger portion of its residential loan production in 2022. Loan sale profit margins were also lower in 2022 compared to 2021. Lower bank-owned life insurance income - lower returns from insurance policies in 2022 and 2021 bank-owned life insurance income included higher proceeds from life insurance policies. Higher customer fee income - higher fee income due to increased activity in customer accounts and higher fee income from investment and insurance services. Higher gain on sale of real estate - two closed branch properties were sold in 2022 with no similar sales in 2021. Less: gain on sale of real estate (2) (2) Gain on sale of real estate, which is included in Noninterest income above and in the Bank s statements of income and comprehensive income in Note 4 of the Consolidated Financial Statements, is included in Bank expenses in the consolidated statements of income, and accordingly, is reflected in operating expenses below as a separate line item and excluded from Revenues. Less: gain on sale of investment securities, net (1) 1 Gain on sale of investment securities, net, which is included in Noninterest income above and in the Bank s statements of income and comprehensive income in Note 4 of the Consolidated Financial Statements, is classified as gain on sale of investment securities, net in the consolidated statements of income, and accordingly, is reflected below following operating income as a separate line item and excluded from Revenues. Revenues 321 306 15 The increase in revenues was primarily due to higher interest income partly offset by lower noninterest income. Interest expense 13 5 8 Higher interest expense on deposits and other borrowings. Higher interest expense on deposits - higher deposit yields due to the rising interest rate environment, which increased the yield on interest bearing deposits. Average core deposit balances increased 444 million; average term certificate balances decreased 13 million. Average deposit yields increased from 6 basis points to 9 basis points. 
 67 

(in millions) 2022 2021 Increase (decrease) Primary reason(s) Higher interest expense on other borrowings - primarily due to higher other borrowing balances and yields. Average FHLB advance balances increased 121 million as wholesale borrowings were used to fund the strong loan growth. The average yield on FHLB advances increased 318 basis points due to the rising interest rate environment. Average repurchase agreements balances increased 39 million and the average yield increased 97 basis points. Provision for credit losses 2 (26) 28 Increase in provision for credit losses was primarily due to a negative provision for credit losses being recorded in 2021. 2022 provision for credit losses was primarily due to additional credit loss reserves for growth in the loan portfolio as ASB s loan portfolio grew 784 million during 2022. Improvements in the credit trends for the commercial real estate, commercial markets, residential and consumer loan portfolios enabled ASB to release reserves in those loan portfolios to partially offset the additional reserves for loan portfolio growth. 2021 negative provision for credit losses reflected favorable credit trends with continued improvement in the economic environment as the economy recovered from the effects of the COVID-19 pandemic. Negative provision for credit losses was also due to a shift in loan portfolio mix - a decrease in personal unsecured loan portfolio balances, which had higher credit loss rates replaced with higher residential and commercial real estate loan portfolio balances with lower credit loss rates. The personal unsecured loan portfolio also experienced improved net charge-off trends. Delinquency rates have decreased - from 0.33 at December 31, 2021 to 0.23 at December 31, 2022 due to lower residential 1-4 family loan delinquencies. Net charge-offs to average loans have decreased - from 0.07 at December 31, 2021 to 0.03 at December 31, 2022 due to lower personal unsecured loan portfolio net charge-offs. Noninterest expense 205 197 8 Higher occupancy and higher other expenses. Compensation and benefit expenses - increase in base compensation, higher incentive compensation payout for commission based employees and higher performance-based compensation were offset by the fair value adjustment related to the deferred compensation plan in 2022 and the separation agreement for an executive officer that was paid in 2021 with no similar payment in 2022. Higher occupancy expenses - primarily due to the write-off of remaining leases for closed branches. Higher other expenses - 2021 expenses included a one-time credit adjustment for a change in accounting for the ASB retirement plan with no similar adjustment in 2022. Gain on sale of real estate (2) (2) Expenses 218 176 42 The increase in expenses was primarily due to higher provision for credit losses, higher interest expense and an increase in noninterest expenses. Operating income 103 130 (27) Higher provision for credit losses, higher interest expense, higher noninterest expenses and lower noninterest income, partly offset by higher interest income. Gain on sale of investment securities, net 1 (1) Net income 80 101 (21) The decrease in net income was the result of lower operating income partly offset by lower income tax expense and lower gain on sale of investment securities. Return on average equity 1 
 14.1 13.8 0.3 
 1 Calculated using the average daily balance. 
 
 68 

For a discussion of 2020 results, please refer to the Results of operations section in Item 7, Management Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Bank, in the Company s 2021 Form 10-K. 
 See Note 4 of the Consolidated Financial Statements for further information about ASB. 
 Average balance sheet and net interest margin . The following table provides a summary of average balances, including major categories of interest-earning assets and interest-bearing liabilities: 
 2022 2021 2020 (dollars in thousands) Average balance Interest income/ expense Yield/ rate ) Average balance Interest income/ expense Yield/ rate ) Average balance Interest income/ expense Yield/ rate ) Assets: Interest-earning deposits 59,277 500 0.84 69,930 93 0.13 153,879 241 0.16 FHLB stock 15,465 702 4.54 10,298 327 3.17 9,481 306 3.23 Investment securities Taxable 3,171,771 55,529 1.75 2,792,255 42,114 1.51 1,554,812 29,213 1.88 Non-taxable 69,099 1,662 2.40 54,646 1,177 2.15 32,080 974 3.04 Total investment securities 3,240,870 57,191 1.76 2,846,901 43,291 1.52 1,586,892 30,187 1.90 Loans Residential 1-4 family 2,353,764 83,016 3.53 2,189,680 78,672 3.59 2,180,013 85,769 3.93 Commercial real estate 1,294,777 49,152 3.80 1,157,987 38,255 3.30 954,836 34,596 3.62 Home equity line of credit 918,563 28,506 3.10 885,759 27,669 3.12 1,060,444 33,731 3.18 Residential land 21,442 1,309 6.10 18,227 924 5.07 13,799 754 5.46 Commercial 710,658 29,295 4.12 856,226 36,178 4.23 935,663 31,642 3.38 Consumer 161,722 16,898 10.45 135,609 17,284 12.75 215,994 27,728 12.84 Total loans 1,2 
 5,460,926 208,176 3.81 5,243,488 198,982 3.79 5,360,749 214,220 4.00 Total interest-earning assets 3 
 8,776,538 266,569 3.04 8,170,617 242,693 2.97 7,111,001 244,954 3.44 Allowance for credit losses (70,071) (86,691) (81,193) Noninterest-earning assets 567,106 742,174 762,746 Total Assets 9,273,573 8,826,100 7,792,554 Liabilities and Shareholder s Equity: Savings 3,275,089 860 0.03 3,069,615 802 0.03 2,620,311 1,774 0.07 Interest-bearing checking 1,345,627 765 0.06 1,237,969 242 0.02 1,106,563 471 0.04 Money market 208,015 330 0.16 192,044 132 0.07 161,084 465 0.29 Time certificates 470,189 5,372 1.14 483,353 3,805 0.79 664,578 7,944 1.20 Total interest-bearing deposits 5,298,920 7,327 0.14 4,982,981 4,981 0.10 4,552,536 10,654 0.23 Advances from Federal Home Loan Bank 136,630 4,716 3.45 15,319 42 0.27 21,490 146 0.68 Securities sold under agreements to repurchase and federal funds purchased 127,170 1,258 0.99 88,405 17 0.02 76,360 314 0.41 Total interest-bearing liabilities 5,562,720 13,301 0.24 5,086,705 5,040 0.10 4,650,386 11,114 0.24 Noninterest bearing liabilities: Deposits 2,948,679 2,833,886 2,276,722 Other 193,942 169,967 155,589 Shareholder s equity 568,232 735,542 709,857 Total Liabilities and Shareholder s Equity 9,273,573 8,826,100 7,792,554 Net interest income 253,268 237,653 233,840 Net interest margin ) 4 
 2.89 2.91 3.29 
 1 Includes loans held for sale, at lower of cost or fair value, of 4.0 million, 23.0 million and 20.5 million as of December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 2 Includes recognition of net deferred loan fees of 5.3 million, 14.3 million and 4.9 million for 2022, 2021 and 2020 respectively, together with interest accrued prior to suspension of interest accrual on nonaccrual loans. 
 3 For 2022, 2021 and 2020, the taxable-equivalent basis adjustments made to the table above were not material. 
 4 Defined as net interest income, on a fully taxable equivalent basis, as a percentage of average total interest-earning assets. 
 
 69 

The following table shows the effect on net interest income of (1) changes in interest rates (change in weighted-average interest rate multiplied by prior year average balance) and (2) changes in volume (change in average balance multiplied by prior period weighted-average interest rate). Any remaining change is allocated to the above two categories on a pro rata basis. 
 2022 vs. 2021 2021 vs. 2020 (in thousands) Rate Volume Total Rate Volume Total Interest income Interest-earning deposits 423 (16) 407 (38) (110) (148) FHLB stock 174 201 375 (6) 27 21 Investment securities Taxable 7,260 6,155 13,415 (6,655) 19,556 12,901 Non-taxable 148 337 485 (343) 546 203 Total investment securities 7,408 6,492 13,900 (6,998) 20,102 13,104 Loans Residential 1-4 family (1,357) 5,701 4,344 (7,473) 376 (7,097) Commercial real estate 6,123 4,774 10,897 (3,243) 6,902 3,659 Home equity line of credit (178) 1,015 837 (623) (5,439) (6,062) Residential land 207 178 385 (57) 227 170 Commercial 13,111 (19,994) (6,883) 7,118 (2,582) 4,536 Consumer 435 (821) (386) (193) (10,251) (10,444) Total loans 18,341 (9,147) 9,194 (4,471) (10,767) (15,238) Total increase (decrease) in interest income 26,346 (2,470) 23,876 (11,513) 9,252 (2,261) Interest expense Savings (58) (58) 1,234 (262) 972 Interest-bearing checking (501) (22) (523) 271 (42) 229 Money market (186) (12) (198) 409 (76) 333 Time certificates (1,672) 105 (1,567) 2,302 1,837 4,139 Advances from Federal Home Loan Bank (2,793) (1,881) (4,674) 70 34 104 Securities sold under agreements to repurchase and federal funds purchased (1,230) (11) (1,241) 339 (42) 297 Total decrease (increase) in interest expense (6,382) (1,879) (8,261) 4,625 1,449 6,074 Increase (decrease) in net interest income 19,964 (4,349) 15,615 (6,888) 10,701 3,813 
 Earning assets, costing liabilities, contingencies and other factors . Earnings of ASB depend primarily on net interest income, which is the difference between interest earned on earning assets and interest paid on costing liabilities. The interest rate environment has been impacted by disruptions in the financial markets over a period of several years. In 2022, the Federal Open Market Committee increased its federal funds rate target range to 4.25 - 4.50 throughout the year to combat signs of inflation. ASB s net interest income and net interest margin has started to increase but still remains at lower levels. A return to the recent low interest rate environment may negatively impact ASB s net interest income and net interest margin. 
 Loans and mortgage-backed securities are ASB s primary earning assets. 
 Loan portfolio . ASB s loan volumes and yields are affected by market interest rates, competition, demand for financing, availability of funds and management s responses to these factors. See Loans in Note 4 of the Consolidated Financial Statements for a composition of ASB s loan portfolio. 
 The increase in the loan portfolio balance in 2022 was primarily due to growth in residential, commercial real estate, home equity line of credit and consumer loan portfolios. The growth in the residential loan portfolio was due to ASB s decision to portfolio a larger portion of the residential mortgage loan production and reduce the amount of residential loans sold in the secondary market. Higher interest rates also slowed refinance activity and prepayments in the residential mortgage loan portfolio. The growth in the commercial real estate, home equity line of credit and consumer loan portfolios was due to increased demand for these loan products. The decrease in the commercial loan portfolio was due to the continued paydown of the PPP loans which decreased from 69 million at December 31, 2021 to 5 million at December 31, 2022. 
 The increase in the loan portfolio balance in 2021 was primarily due to growth in the residential and commercial real estate loan portfolio balances. The growth in the residential loan portfolio balance was due to ASB s decision to portfolio a larger portion of the residential mortgage loan production and reduce the amount of residential loans sold in the secondary market. The growth in the commercial real estate loan portfolio was due to ASB s continued effort to diversify its loan portfolio with 
 70 

higher-spread, shorter-maturity loans and/or variable rate loans. The decrease in the commercial loan portfolio was due to paydown of the PPP loans which decreased from 300 million at December 31, 2020 to 69 million at December 31, 2021. 
 The following table summarizes loans held for investment based upon contractually scheduled principal payments allocated to the indicated maturity categories: 
 December 31 2022 Due In 1 year or less After 1 year through 5 years After 5 years through 15 years After 15 years Total (in millions) Residential 1-4 family Fixed 75 314 822 1,049 2,260 Residential 1-4 family Adjustable 14 53 128 24 219 Total residential 1-4 family 89 367 950 1,073 2,479 Commercial real estate Fixed 92 208 525 1 826 Commercial real estate Adjustable 94 247 191 532 Total commercial real estate 186 455 716 1 1,358 Home equity line of credit Fixed 30 112 232 25 399 Home equity line of credit Adjustable 3 13 136 452 604 Total home equity line of credit 33 125 368 477 1,003 Residential land Fixed 4 17 21 Residential land Adjustable Total residential land 4 17 21 Commercial construction Fixed 24 6 1 31 Commercial construction Adjustable 7 8 42 57 Total commercial construction 31 14 43 88 Residential construction Fixed 21 21 Residential construction Adjustable Total residential construction 21 21 Commercial Fixed 75 187 50 1 313 Commercial Adjustable 90 362 15 467 Total commercial 165 549 65 1 780 Consumer Fixed 45 87 10 101 243 Consumer Adjustable 3 8 1 12 Total consumer 48 95 11 101 255 Total loans Fixed 366 931 1,639 1,178 4,114 Total loans Adjustable 211 691 471 518 1,891 Total loans 577 1,622 2,110 1,696 6,005 
 Home equity lines of credit. The HELOC portfolio makes up 17 of the total loan portfolio and is generally an interest-only revolving loan for a 10-year period, after which time the HELOC outstanding balance converts to a fully amortizing variable-rate term loan with a 20-year amortization period. Borrowers also have a Fixed Rate Loan Option to convert a part of their available line of credit into a 5, 7 or 10-year fully amortizing fixed-rate loan with level principal and interest payments. As of December 31, 2022, approximately 39 of the portfolio balances were amortizing loans under the Fixed Rate Loan Option. A HELOC loan is typically in a subordinate lien position to a borrower s first mortgage loan, however, approximately 56 of ASB s HELOC loan portfolio is in a first lien position. 
 
 Loan portfolio risk elements. When a borrower fails to make a required payment on a loan and does not cure the delinquency promptly, the loan is classified as delinquent. If delinquencies are not cured promptly, ASB normally commences a collection action, including foreclosure proceedings in the case of real estate secured loans. In a foreclosure action, the property collateralizing the delinquent debt is sold at a public auction in which ASB may participate as a bidder to protect its interest. If ASB is the successful bidder, the property is classified as real estate owned until it is sold. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, ASB had 115,000 and nil, respectively, of real estate acquired in settlement of loans. 
 In addition to delinquent loans, other significant lending risk elements include: (1) loans which accrue interest and are 90 days or more past due as to principal or interest, (2) loans accounted for on a nonaccrual basis (nonaccrual loans), and (3) loans 
 71 

on which various concessions are made with respect to interest rate, maturity, or other terms due to the inability of the borrower to service the obligation under the original terms of the agreement (troubled debt restructured loans). ASB loans that were 90 days or more past due on which interest was being accrued as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 were immaterial or nil. The following table sets forth certain information with respect to nonaccrual loans: 
 December 31 2022 2021 (dollars in thousands) Real estate: Residential 1-4 family 7,179 19,748 Commercial real estate 15,325 Home equity line of credit 5,096 5,521 Residential land 420 397 Commercial construction Residential construction Total real estate 12,695 40,991 Commercial 2,183 2,138 Consumer 1,588 1,845 Total nonaccrual loans 16,466 44,974 Loans receivable, net 5,978,906 5,211,114 Allowance for credit losses 72,216 71,130 Nonaccrual loans to loans receivable, net 0.28 0.86 Allowance for credit losses to nonaccrual loans 4.39x 1.58x 
 In 2022, nonaccrual loans decreased 28.5 million primarily due to decreases in commercial real estate and residential 1-4 family nonaccrual loans of 15.3 million and 12.6 million, respectively. The decrease in commercial real estate nonaccrual loans was due to the reclassification of one commercial real estate loan to accrual status. The decrease in the residential nonaccrual loans was due to the reclassification of residential loans to accrual status based on payment performance. 
 In 2021, nonaccrual loans decreased 2.4 million primarily due to decreases in commercial real estate, commercial, consumer and HELOC nonaccrual loans of 3.4 million, 3.0 million, 2.1 million and 1.8 million, respectively, partly offset by an increase in residential 1-4 family nonaccrual loans of 7.9 million. The increase in residential nonaccrual loans was attributed to customers that could not resume contractual payments after their deferral period was completed. 
 See Allowance for credit losses in Note 4 of the Consolidated Financial Statements for information with respect to nonperforming assets. 
 Allowance for credit losses. See Allowance for credit losses in Note 4 of the Consolidated Financial Statements for the tables which sets forth the allocation of ASB s allowance for credit losses. On January 1, 2020, ASB adopted Accounting Standards Update (ASU) 2016-13, Financial Instruments - Measurement of Current Expected Credit Losses on Financial Instruments , modifying the accounting for the allowance for credit losses from an incurred loss model to an expected loss model (see Note 1, Summary of Significant Accounting Policies of the Consolidated Financial Statements). With the adoption of ASU 2016-13, ASB added 19.4 million to the allowance for credit losses on January 1, 2020. 
 During 2022 , ASB recorded a provision for credit losses related to the allowance for credit losses of 2.0 million primarily due to loan loss reserves for growth in the loan portfolio partly offset by the release loss reserves for improved credit trends. 
 
 72 

ASB maintains a reserve for credit losses that consists of two components, the allowance for credit losses and an allowance for loan commitments (unfunded reserve). The level of the reserve for unfunded loan commitments is adjusted by recording an expense or recovery in provision for credit losses. With the adoption of ASU 2016-13, ASB added 1.6 million to the reserve for unfunded loan commitments on January 1, 2020. For 2022, ASB recorded a negative provision for credit losses for unfunded commitments of 0.5 million compared to a provision for credit losses for unfunded commitments of 0.6 million for 2021. As of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, the reserve for unfunded loan commitments was 4.4 million and 4.9 million, respectively. 
 The following table sets forth the allocation of ASB s allowance for credit losses and the percentage of loans in each category to total loans: 
 December 31 2022 2021 (dollars in thousands) Allowance balance Allowance to loan receivable Loan receivable of total Allowance balance Allowance to loan receivable Loan receivable of total Real estate: Residential 1-4 family 6,270 0.25 41.3 6,545 0.28 44.0 Commercial real estate 21,898 1.62 22.6 24,696 2.34 20.3 Home equity line of credit 6,125 0.61 16.7 5,657 0.68 16.0 Residential land 717 3.48 0.3 646 3.25 0.4 Commercial construction 1,195 1.36 1.5 2,186 2.40 1.7 Residential construction 46 0.22 0.4 18 0.16 0.2 Total real estate 36,251 0.73 82.8 39,748 0.92 82.6 Commercial 12,426 1.60 13.0 15,798 1.99 15.2 Consumer 23,539 9.92 4.2 15,584 13.67 2.2 Total allowance for credit losses 72,216 1.21 100.0 71,130 1.36 100.0 
 In 2022, ASB s allowance for credit losses increased by 1.1 million primarily due to increases in the loan loss reserves for the consumer and home equity line of credit loan portfolios as a result of growth in those loan portfolios. The decreases in the allowance for credit losses for the commercial, commercial real estate and residential loan portfolios were primarily due to the release of reserves in those loan portfolios as a result of improved credit trends. Total delinquencies of 13.9 million at December 31, 2022 was a decrease of 3.3 million compared to total delinquencies of 17.2 million at December 31, 2021 primarily due to a decrease in residential loan delinquencies, partly offset by increases in consumer and home equity line of credit loan portfolio delinquencies. The ratio of delinquent loans to total loans decreased from 0.33 of total outstanding loans at December 31, 2021 to 0.23 of total outstanding loans at December 31, 2022. Net charge-offs for 2022 were 1.4 million, a decrease of 2.2 million compared to 3.6 million in 2021 primarily due to a decrease in consumer loan portfolio net charge-offs. 
 In 2021, ASB s allowance for credit losses decreased by 30.1 million primarily due to decreases in loan loss reserves for the commercial real estate, commercial and consumer loan portfolios for improved credit quality. The decrease in the consumer loan portfolio was also due to the decrease in the personal unsecured loan portfolio outstanding balance. Total delinquencies of 17.2 million at December 31, 2021 was a decrease of 2.4 million compared to total delinquencies of 19.6 million at December 31, 2020 primarily due to decreases in delinquent consumer, HELOC and residential land loans, partly offset by an increase in residential 1-4 family delinquent loans. The ratio of delinquent loans to total loans decreased from 0.37 of total outstanding loans at December 31, 2020 to 0.33 of total outstanding loans at December 31, 2021. Net charge-offs for 2021 were 3.6 million, a decrease of 17.8 million compared to 21.4 million in 2020 primarily due to a decrease in consumer loan portfolio net charge-offs. 
 Investment securities . Currently, ASB s investment portfolio consists of U.S. Treasury and federal agency obligations, mortgage-backed securities, corporate bonds and mortgage revenue bonds. ASB owns mortgage-backed securities issued or guaranteed by the U.S. government agencies or sponsored agencies, including the Federal National Mortgage Association (FNMA), Federal Home Loan Mortgage Corporation (FHLMC), Government National Mortgage Association (GNMA) and Small Business Administration (SBA). The weighted-average yield on investments during 2022, 2021 and 2020 was 1.76 , 1.52 and 1.90 , respectively. ASB did not maintain a portfolio of securities held for trading during 2022 and 2021. 
 As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, ASB had 1.3 billion and 522.3 million, respectively, of investment securities that were purchased and classified as held-to-maturity. In October 2022, ASB transferred 66 available-for-sale investment securities with a fair value of 755 million to the held-to-maturity category. The investment securities were classified as held-to-maturity 
 73 

to enhance ASB s capital management in a rising rate environment. ASB considers the held-to-maturity classification of these investment securities to be appropriate as ASB has the positive intent and ability to hold these securities to maturity. 
 Principal and interest on mortgage-backed securities issued by FNMA, FHLMC, GNMA and SBA are guaranteed by the issuer and, in the case of GNMA and SBA, backed by the full faith and credit of the U.S. government. U.S. Treasury securities are also backed by the full faith of the U.S. government. The increase in the investment securities portfolio was primarily due to the purchase of agency mortgage-backed and credit securities with excess liquidity. 
 The net unrealized gains and losses on ASB s investment securities were primarily caused by movements in interest rates. All contractual cash flows of those investments are guaranteed by an agency of the U.S. government. Based upon ASB s evaluation at December 31, 2022 and 2021, there was no indicated impairment as ASB expects to collect the contractual cash flows for these investments. See Investment securities in Note 1 of the Consolidated Financial Statements for a discussion of securities impairment assessment. 
 As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, ASB did not have any private-issue mortgage-backed securities. ASB does not have any exposure to securities backed by subprime mortgages. See Investment securities in Note 4 of the Consolidated Financial Statements for a discussion of the allowance for credit losses for the investment securities portfolio. 
 The following table summarizes the current amortized cost of ASB s investment portfolio (excluding stock of the FHLB of Des Moines, which has no contractual maturity) and weighted average yields as of December 31, 2022. Mortgage-backed securities are shown separately because they are typically paid in monthly installments over a number of years. 
 (dollars in millions) In 1 year or less After 1 year through 5 years After 5 years through 10 years After 10 years Mortgage-backed securities Total 1 
 U.S. Treasury and federal agency obligations 1 62 85 148 Mortgage-backed securities issued or guaranteed by U.S. Government agencies or sponsored agencies 2,723 2,723 Corporate bonds 44 44 Mortgage revenue bonds 1 
 15 15 1 106 100 2,723 2,930 Weighted average yield 1.64 2.17 1.91 1.72 1.74 
 1 Weighted average yield on the mortgage revenue bonds is computed on a tax equivalent basis using a federal statutory tax rate of 21 . 
 
 Stock in FHLB. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, ASB s stock in FHLB of Des Moines was 26.6 million and 10.0 million, respectively, was carried at cost because it can only be redeemed at par. The amount that ASB is required to invest in FHLB stock is determined by FHLB requirements. In 2022, 2021 and 2020, ASB received cash dividends of 702,000, 327,000 and 306,000, respectively, on its FHLB Stock. 
 Deposits and other borrowings . Deposits continue to be the largest source of funds for ASB and are affected by market interest rates, competition and management s responses to these factors. In 2022, deposits decreased by 2.5 million as an outflow of core deposits was replaced with time certificates. Core deposit retention and sustained growth will remain challenging in the current rising interest rate environment. Advances from the FHLB of Des Moines, securities sold under agreements to repurchase and federal funds purchased continue to be additional sources of funds. As of December 31, 2022, ASB s costing liabilities consisted of 92 deposits and 8 borrowings compared to costing liabilities of 99 deposits and 1 borrowings as of December 31, 2021. 
 ASB s deposits are obtained primarily from residents of Hawaii. Net deposit inflow or outflow, measured as the year-over-year difference in year-end deposits, was an outflow of 2.5 million in 2022, compared to an inflow of 785 million in 2021. 
 The following table presents the amount of time certificates of deposit of 250,000 or more, segregated by time remaining until maturity: 
 (in thousands) Amount Three months or less 176,859 Greater than three months through six months 149,081 Greater than six months through twelve months 9,465 Greater than twelve months 11,518 346,923 
 As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, ASB had approximately 1.2 billion and 1.4 billion, respectively, of deposits that were uninsured. 
 74 

Other borrowings consist of advances from the FHLB and securities sold under agreements to repurchases. See Other borrowings in Note 4 of the Consolidated Financial Statements. ASB may obtain advances from the FHLB of Des Moines provided that certain standards related to creditworthiness have been met. Advances are collateralized by a blanket pledge of certain notes held by ASB and the mortgages securing them. To the extent that advances exceed the amount of mortgage loan collateral pledged to the FHLB of Des Moines, the excess must be covered by qualified marketable securities held under the control of and at the FHLB of Des Moines or at an approved third-party custodian. FHLB advances generally are available to meet seasonal and other withdrawals of deposit accounts, to expand lending and to assist in the effort to improve asset and liability management. FHLB advances are made pursuant to several different credit programs offered from time to time by the FHLB of Des Moines. Securities sold under agreements to repurchase are accounted for as financing transactions and the obligations to repurchase these securities are recorded as liabilities in the consolidated balance sheets. ASB pledges investment securities as collateral for securities sold under agreements to repurchase. All such agreements are subject to master netting arrangements, which provide for conditional right of set-off in case of default by either party; however, ASB presents securities sold under agreements to repurchase on a gross basis in the balance sheet. 
 The increase in other borrowings in 2022 was due to increases in FHLB advances and business retail repurchase agreements, which were sources of funding for the loan portfolio growth as deposit growth slowed in 2022. The decrease in other borrowings in 2021 was due to a decrease in business repurchase agreements. 
 As of December 31, 2022, the unused borrowing capacity with the FHLB of Des Moines was 1.6 billion. The FHLB of Des Moines continues to be an important source of liquidity for ASB. See Liquidity and capital resources below for changes in the unused borrowing capacity with the FHLB of Des Moines. 
 Other factors . Interest rate risk is a significant risk of ASB s operations and also represents a market risk factor affecting the fair value of ASB s investment securities. Increases and decreases in prevailing interest rates generally translate into decreases and increases in the fair value of the investment securities, respectively. In addition, changes in credit spreads also impact the fair values of the investment securities. 
 As of December 31, 2022, ASB had an unrealized loss, net of taxes, on available-for-sale investment securities (including securities pledged for repurchase agreements) in accumulated other comprehensive income (AOCI) of 181.9 million compared to an unrealized loss, net of taxes, of 32.0 million as of December 31, 2021. See Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk. 
 Legislation and regulation. ASB is subject to extensive regulation, principally by the OCC and the FDIC. Depending on ASB s level of regulatory capital and other considerations, these regulations could restrict the ability of ASB to compete with other institutions and to pay dividends to its shareholder. See the discussion below under Liquidity and capital resources. Also see Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation assessment in Note 4 of the Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 Final Capital Rules . On July 2, 2013, the FRB finalized its rule implementing the Basel III regulatory capital framework. The final rules applied to banking organizations of all sizes and types regulated by the FRB and the OCC, except bank holding companies subject to the FRB s Small Bank Holding Company Policy Statement and Savings Loan Holding Companies (SLHCs) substantially engaged in insurance underwriting or commercial activities. HEI currently meets the requirements of the exemption as a top-tier grandfathered unitary SLHC that derived, as of June 30 of the previous calendar year, either 50 or more of its total consolidated assets or 50 or more of its total revenues on an enterprise-wide basis (calculated under GAAP) from activities that are not financial in nature pursuant to Section 4(k) of the Bank Holding Company Act. The FRB is temporarily excluding these SLHCs from the final rule while it considers a proposal relating to capital and other requirements for SLHC intermediate holding companies (such as ASB Hawaii). The FRB indicated that it would release a proposal on intermediate holding companies that would specify the criteria for establishing and transferring activities to intermediate holding companies and propose to apply the FRB s capital requirements to such intermediate holding companies. The FRB has not yet issued such a proposal, or a proposal on how to apply the Basel III capital rules to SLHCs that are substantially engaged in commercial or insurance underwriting activities, such as grandfathered unitary SLHCs like HEI. 
 Pursuant to the final rule and consistent with the proposals, all banking organizations, including covered holding companies, would initially be subject to the following minimum regulatory capital requirements: a common equity Tier 1 capital ratio of 4.5 , a Tier 1 capital ratio of 6 , a total capital ratio of 8 of risk-weighted assets and a Tier 1 leverage ratio of 4 , and these requirements would increase in subsequent years. In order to avoid restrictions on capital distributions and discretionary bonus payments to executive officers, the final rule requires a banking organization to hold a buffer of common equity Tier 1 capital above its minimum capital requirements in an amount greater than 2.5 of total risk-weighted assets (capital conservation buffer). 
 Subject to the timing and final outcome of the FRB s SLHC intermediate holding company proposal, HEI anticipates that the capital requirements in the final rule will eventually be effective for HEI or ASB Hawaii as well. If the capital 
 75 

requirements were currently applicable to HEI, management believes HEI would satisfy the capital requirements, including the capital conservation buffer. Management cannot predict what final rule the FRB may adopt concerning intermediate holding companies or their impact on ASB Hawaii, if any. 
 With Tier 1 leverage, common equity, Tier 1 capital and total capital ratios of 7.8 , 12.2 , 12.2 and 13.1 , respectively as of December 31, 2022, ASB s regulatory capital ratios exceeded the minimum regulatory capital requirements of 4.0 , 4.5 , 6.0 and 8.0 , respectively. See Bank - Regulation in HEI s Item 1. Business for a description of the changes to the community bank leverage ratio framework. 
 
 Liquidity and capital resources. 
 December 31 2022 change 2021 change (dollars in millions) Total assets 9,546 4 9,182 9 Investment securities 2,681 (13) 3,097 41 Loans held for investment, net 5,907 15 5,140 (2) Deposit liabilities 8,170 8,172 11 Other bank borrowings 695 687 88 (2) 
 As of December 31, 2022, ASB was one of Hawaii s largest financial institutions based on assets of 9.5 billion and deposits of 8.2 billion. 
 ASB s principal sources of liquidity are customer deposits, other borrowings and the maturity and repayment of portfolio loans and securities. The Bank s liquidity remains at satisfactory levels as deposits decreased slightly. ASB used investment security portfolio repayments and other borrowings to fund its strong loan production. ASB s deposits as of December 31, 2022 were 3 million lower than December 31, 2021. ASB s sources of borrowings include advances from the FHLB and securities sold under agreements to repurchase from broker/dealers and commercial account holders. As of December 31, 2022, ASB had 414 million of FHLB borrowings outstanding. ASB is approved to borrow from the FHLB up to 45 of ASB s assets to the extent it provides qualifying collateral and holds sufficient FHLB stock. As of December 31, 2022, ASB s unused FHLB borrowing capacity was approximately 1.6 billion. 
 As of December 31, 2022, securities sold under agreements to repurchase totaled 281 million, representing 2.9 of assets. 
 As of December 31, 2022, ASB had commitments to borrowers for loans and unused lines and letters of credit of 2.1 billion, of which, commitments to lend to borrowers whose loan terms have been modified in troubled debt restructurings were nil. Management believes ASB s current sources of funds will enable it to meet these obligations while maintaining liquidity at satisfactory levels. 
 As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, ASB had 16.5 million and 45.0 million of loans on nonaccrual status, respectively, or 0.3 and 0.9 , respectively, of net loans outstanding. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, ASB had 0.1 million and nil, respectively, of real estate acquired in settlement of loans. 
 In 2022, operating activities provided cash of 121 million. Net cash of 778 million was used by investing activities primarily due to a net increase in loans receivable of 661 million, purchases of available-for-sale investment securities of 366 million, purchases of loans held for investment of 103 million, net purchases of stock from the FHLB of 17 million, purchases of bank-owned life insurance of 5 million and additions to premises and equipment of 5 million, partly offset by receipt of repayments from available-for-sale investment securities of 342 million, repayments from held-to-maturity investment securities of 29 million, proceeds from the sale of real estate of 4 million, proceeds from the redemption of bank-owned life insurance of 2 million and proceeds from the sale of premises and equipment of 1 million. Financing activities provided net cash of 562 million primarily due to a net increase in short-term borrowings of 414 million and a net increase in repurchase agreements of 193 million, partly offset by a net decrease in deposit liabilities of 3 million and common stock dividends to HEI (through ASB Hawaii) of 42 million. 
 ASB believes that maintaining a satisfactory regulatory capital position provides a basis for public confidence, affords protection to depositors, helps to ensure continued access to capital markets on favorable terms and provides a foundation for growth. FDIC regulations restrict the ability of financial institutions that are not well-capitalized to compete on the same terms as well-capitalized institutions, such as by offering interest rates on deposits that are significantly higher than the rates offered by competing institutions. As of December 31, 2022, ASB was well-capitalized (see Note 4 of the Consolidated Financial Statements for ASB s capital ratios). 
 For a discussion of ASB dividends, see Common stock equity in Note 4 of the Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 76 

See Commitments in Note 4 of the Consolidated Financial Statements for a discussion of commitments and contingencies and off-balance sheet arrangements. 
 Material estimates and critical accounting policies. Also see Material estimates and critical accounting policies for Consolidated HEI above. 
 Allowance for credit losses . The Company considers the policies related to the allowance for credit losses as critical to the financial statement presentation. The allowance for credit losses applies to financial assets subject to credit losses and measured at amortized cost and certain off-balance sheet credit exposures. This includes, but is not limited to loans, loan commitments and held-to-maturity securities. In addition, the accounting for credit losses on available-for-sale (AFS) debt securities and purchased financial assets with credit deterioration were amended. The other-than-temporary impairment model of accounting for credit losses on AFS debt securities was replaced with an estimate of expected credit losses only when the fair value is below the amortized cost of the asset. The credit loss models use a probability-of-default, loss given default and exposure at default methodology to estimate the expected credit losses. Within each model or calculation, loans are further segregated based on additional risk characteristics specific to that loan type, such as risk rating, Fair Isaac Corporation (FICO) score, bankruptcy score, age of loan and collateral. The Company uses both internal and external historical data, as appropriate, and a blend of economic forecasts to estimate credit losses over a reasonable and supportable forecast period and then reverts to a longer-term historical loss experience to arrive at lifetime expected credit losses. The reversion period incorporates forward-looking expectations about repayments (including prepayments) as determined by the Company s asset liability management system. See Recent Accounting Pronouncements in Note 1 of the Consolidated Financial Statements for further discussion of the Company s allowance for credit losses. 
 ASB disaggregates the loan portfolio into loan segments for purposes of determining the allowance for credit losses. Commercial, commercial real estate, and commercial construction loans are defined as non-homogeneous loans. ASB utilizes a risk rating system for evaluating the credit quality of such loans. Loans are rated based on the degree of risk at origination and periodically thereafter, as appropriate. Values are applied separately to the probability of default (borrower risk) and loss given default (transaction risk). ASB utilizes a numerical-based, risk rating PD Model that takes into consideration fiscal year-end financial information of the borrower and identified financial attributes including retained earnings, operating cash flows, interest coverage, liquidity and leverage that demonstrate a strong correlation with default to assign default probabilities at the borrower level. In addition, a loss given default value is assigned to each loan to measure loss in the event of default based on loan specific features such as collateral that mitigates the amount of loss in the event of default. Together the PD Model and loss given default construct provide a quantitative, data driven and consistent framework for measuring risk within the portfolio, on a loan by loan basis and for the ultimate collectability of each loan. 
 Residential, consumer and credit scored business loans are considered homogeneous loans, which are typically underwritten based on common, uniform standards. For the homogeneous portfolio, the quality of the loan is best indicated by the repayment performance of an individual borrower. ASB supplements performance data with external credit bureau data and credit scores such as the FICO score on a quarterly basis. ASB has built portfolio loss models for each major segment based on the combination of internal and external data to predict the probability of default at the loan level. 
 ASB also considers qualitative factors in determining the allowance for credit losses. These include but are not limited to adjustments for changes in policies and procedures in underwriting, monitoring or collections, economic conditions, portfolio mix, lending and risk management personnel, results of internal audit and quality control reviews, collateral values and any concentrations of credit. 
 The reserve for unfunded commitments is maintained at a level believed by management to be sufficient to cover expected losses related to unfunded credit facilities and is included in accounts payable and other liabilities in the consolidated balance sheets. The determination of the adequacy of the reserve is based upon an evaluation of the unfunded credit facilities, including an assessment of historical commitment utilization experience, credit risk grading and historical loss rates. This process takes into consideration the same risk elements that are analyzed in the determination of the adequacy of the allowance for credit losses, as discussed above. Net adjustments to the reserve for unfunded commitments are included in the provision for credit losses in the consolidated statements of income. 
 Management believes its allowance for credit losses is adequate to cover expected credit losses in the loan portfolio. However, such estimates are based on currently available information and historical experience, and future adjustments may be required from time to time to the allowance for credit losses based on new information and changes that occur (e.g., due to changes in economic conditions, particularly in Hawaii). Actual losses could differ from management s estimates, and these differences and subsequent adjustments could be material. 
 Fair value . Fair value estimates are based on the price that would be received to sell an asset, or paid upon the transfer of a liability, in an orderly transaction between market participants at the measurement date. The fair value estimates are generally 
 77 

determined based on assumptions that market participants would use in pricing the asset or liability and are based on market data obtained from independent third party sources. However, in certain cases, ASB uses its own assumptions based on the best information available in certain circumstances. These valuations are estimates at a specific point in time, based on relevant market information, information about the financial instrument and judgments regarding future expected loss experience, economic conditions, risk characteristics of various financial instruments and other factors. These estimates do not reflect any premium or discount that could result if ASB were to sell its entire holdings of a particular financial instrument at one time. Because no active trading market exists for a portion of its financial instruments, fair value estimates cannot be determined with precision. Changes in the underlying assumptions used, including discount rates and estimates of future cash flows, could significantly affect the estimates. In addition, the tax ramifications related to the realization of the unrealized gains and losses could have a significant effect on fair value estimates, but have not been considered in making such estimates. 
 ASB classifies its financial assets and liabilities that are measured at fair value in accordance with the three-level valuation hierarchy. Level 1 valuations are based on quoted prices, unadjusted for identical instruments traded in active markets. Level 2 valuations are based on quoted prices for similar instruments in active markets, quoted prices for identical or similar instruments in markets that are not active or model-based techniques for which all significant assumptions are observable in the market. Level 3 valuations are based on model-based techniques that use at least one significant assumption not observable in the market or significant management judgment or estimation. See Fair value measurements in Note 1 of the Consolidated Financial Statements). 
 Significant assets measured at fair value on a recurring basis include ASB s mortgage-backed securities available for sale. These instruments are priced using an external pricing service and are classified as Level 2 within the fair value hierarchy. The third-party pricing services use a variety of methods to determine fair value including quoted prices for similar securities in an active market, yield spreads for similar trades, adjustments for liquidity, size, collateral characteristics, historic and generic prepayment speeds and other observable market factors. To enhance the robustness of the pricing process, ASB compares its standard third-party vendor s price with that of another third-party vendor. If the prices are within an acceptable tolerance range, the price of the standard vendor will be accepted. If the variance is beyond the tolerance range, an evaluation will be conducted by the investment manager and a challenge to the price may be made. Fair value in such cases will be based on the value that best reflects the data and observable characteristics of the security. In all cases, the fair value used will have been independently determined by a third-party pricing vendor or non-affiliated broker. 
 Fair value is also used on a nonrecurring basis to evaluate certain assets for impairment or for disclosure purposes. Examples of nonrecurring uses of fair value include mortgage servicing rights accounted for by the amortization method, loan impairments for certain loans, real estate acquired in settlement of loans and goodwill. 
 See Investment securities and Derivative financial instruments in Note 4 and Note 16 of the Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information regarding ASB s fair value measurements. 
 
 ITEM 7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 
 HEI and Hawaiian Electric (in the case of Hawaiian Electric, only the information related to Hawaiian Electric and its subsidiaries is applicable): 
 The Company manages various market risks in the ordinary course of business, including credit risk and liquidity risk. The Company believes the electric utility and the other segment s exposures to these two risks were not material as of December 31, 2022. 
 Credit risk for ASB is the risk that borrowers or issuers of securities will not be able to repay their obligations to the Bank. Credit risk associated with ASB s lending portfolios is controlled through its underwriting standards, loan rating of commercial and commercial real estate loans, on-going monitoring by loan officers, credit review and quality control functions in these lending areas and adequate allowance for credit losses. Credit risk associated with the securities portfolio is mitigated through investment portfolio limits, experienced staff working with analytical tools, monthly fair value analysis and on-going monitoring and reporting such as investment watch reports and loss sensitivity analysis. See Allowance for credit losses in Item 7 above and in Note 4 of the Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 Liquidity risk for ASB is the risk that the Bank will not meet its obligations when they become due. Liquidity risk is mitigated by ASB s asset/liability management process, on-going analytical analysis, monitoring and reporting information such as weekly cash-flow analyses and maintenance of liquidity contingency plans. 
 The Utilities are exposed to some commodity price risk primarily related to their fuel supply and IPP contracts. The Utilities commodity price risk is substantially mitigated so long as they have their current ECRCs in their rate schedules, but have limited exposure through the fuel cost risk sharing mechanism, which apportions 2 of the fuel cost risk to the utilities 
 78 

(and 98 to ratepayers) and has a maximum exposure (or benefit) of 3.7 million. The Utilities currently have no hedges against its commodity price risk. 
 The Company currently has no direct exposure to market risk from trading activities nor foreign currency exchange rate risk. 
 The Company considers interest rate risk to be a very significant market risk as it could potentially have a significant effect on the Company s results of operations, financial condition and liquidity, especially as it relates to ASB, but also as it may affect the discount rate used to determine retirement benefit liabilities and minimum contributions, the market value of retirement benefit plans assets, borrowing costs and the Utilities allowed rates of return. Interest rate risk can be defined as the exposure of the Company s earnings to adverse movements in interest rates. 
 Bank interest rate risk 
 The Company s success is dependent, in part, upon ASB s ability to manage interest rate risk. ASB s interest-rate risk profile is strongly influenced by its primary business of making fixed-rate residential mortgage loans and taking in retail deposits. Large mismatches in the amounts or timing between the maturity or repricing of interest sensitive assets or liabilities could adversely affect ASB s earnings and the market value of its interest-sensitive assets and liabilities in the event of significant changes in the level of interest rates. Many other factors also affect ASB s exposure to changes in interest rates, such as general economic and financial conditions, customer preferences and competition for loans or deposits. 
 ASB s Asset/Liability Management Committee (ALCO), whose voting members are officers and employees of ASB, is responsible for managing interest rate risk and carrying out the overall asset/liability management objectives and activities of ASB as approved by the ASB Board of Directors. ALCO establishes policies under which management monitors and coordinates ASB s assets and liabilities. 
 See Note 4 of the Consolidated Financial Statements for a discussion of the use of rate lock commitments on loans held for sale and forward sale contracts to manage some interest rate risk associated with ASB s residential loan sale program. 
 Management of ASB measures interest-rate risk using simulation analysis with an emphasis on measuring changes in net interest income (NII) and the market value of interest-sensitive assets and liabilities in different interest-rate environments. The simulation analysis is performed using a dedicated asset/liability management software system enhanced with a mortgage prepayment model and a collateralized mortgage obligation database. The simulation software is capable of generating scenario-specific cash flows for all instruments using the specified contractual information for each instrument and product specific prepayment assumptions for mortgage loans and mortgage-backed securities. 
 NII sensitivity analysis measures the change in ASB s twelve-month, pretax NII in alternate interest rate scenarios. NII sensitivity is measured as the change in NII in the alternate interest-rate scenarios as a percentage of the base case NII. The base case interest-rate scenario is established using the current yield curve and assumes interest rates remain constant over the next twelve months. The alternate scenarios are created by assuming rate ramps or gradual interest changes and accomplished by moving the yield curve in a parallel fashion, over the next twelve-month period, in increments of +/- 100 basis points. The simulation model forecasts scenario-specific principal and interest cash flows for the interest-bearing assets and liabilities, and the NII is calculated for each scenario. Key balance sheet modeling assumptions used in the NII sensitivity analysis include: the size of the balance sheet remains relatively constant over the simulation horizon and maturing assets or liabilities are reinvested in similar instruments in order to maintain the current mix of the balance sheet. In addition, assumptions are made about the prepayment behavior of mortgage-backed assets, future pricing spreads for new assets and liabilities and the speed and magnitude with which deposit rates change in response to changes in the overall level of interest rates. Other NII sensitivity analysis may include scenarios such as yield curve twists or non-static balance sheet changes (such as changes to key balance sheet drivers). 
 Consistent with OCC guidelines, the market value or economic capitalization of ASB is measured as economic value of equity (EVE). EVE represents the theoretical market value of ASB s net worth and is defined as the present value of expected net cash flows from existing assets minus the present value of expected cash flows from existing liabilities plus the present value of expected net cash flows from existing off-balance sheet contracts. Key assumptions used in the calculation of ASB s EVE include the prepayment behavior of loans and investments, the possible distribution of future interest rates, pricing spreads for assets and liabilities in the alternate scenarios and the rate and balance behavior of deposit accounts with indeterminate maturities. EVE is calculated in multiple scenarios. As with the NII simulation, the base case is represented by the current yield curve. Alternate scenarios are created by assuming immediate parallel shifts in the yield curve in increments of +/- 100 basis points (bp) up to + 300 bp. The change in EVE is measured as the change in EVE in a given rate scenario from the base case and expressed as a percentage. To gain further insight into the interest rate risk profile, additional analysis is periodically performed in alternate scenarios including rate shifts of greater magnitude and changes in key balance sheet drivers. 
 79 

ASB s interest-rate risk sensitivity measures as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 constitute forward-looking statements and were as follows: 
 Change in NII (gradual change in interest rates) Change in EVE (instantaneous change in interest rates) Change in interest rates (basis points) December 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 December 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 +300 (0.1) 5.6 5.1 15.5 +200 0.0 4.0 3.8 11.7 +100 0.0 2.3 2.1 7.0 -100 (0.3) (2.5) (3.4) (12.6) 
 
 ASB s NII sensitivity profile became neutral as of December 31, 2022 compared to December 31, 2021, primarily driven by the shift in liability mix and the increase in market rates. The bank s liability mix shifted with increased short-term borrowings due to temporary funding needs, driving lower NII sensitivity. In addition, the significant increase in market rates lowered prepayment expectations in the bank s fixed-rate mortgage and mortgage-backed investment portfolios, further reducing asset sensitivity. 
 
 EVE sensitivity decreased as of December 31, 2022 compared to December 31, 2021 as the duration of liabilities shortened while the duration of assets lengthened. The bank s liability mix shifted with increased short-term borrowings due to temporary funding needs, shortening the duration of liabilities and decreasing EVE sensitivity. In addition, the significant increase in market rates led to lower prepayment expectations and lengthened the duration of the fixed-rate mortgage and mortgage-backed investment portfolios, further reducing asset sensitivity. 
 
 The computation of the prospective effects of hypothetical interest rate changes on the NII sensitivity and the percentage change in EVE is based on numerous assumptions, including relative levels of market interest rates, loan prepayments, balance changes and pricing strategies, and should not be relied upon as indications of actual results. To the extent market conditions and other factors vary from the assumptions used in the simulation analysis, actual results may differ materially from the simulation results. NII sensitivity analysis measures the change in ASB s twelve-month, pretax NII in alternate interest rate scenarios, and is intended to help management identify potential exposures in ASB s current balance sheet and formulate appropriate strategies for managing interest rate risk. The simulation does not contemplate any actions that ASB management might undertake in response to changes in interest rates. Further, the changes in NII vary in the twelve-month simulation period and are not necessarily evenly distributed over the period. These analyses are for analytical purposes only and do not represent management s views of future market movements, the level of future earnings, or the timing of any changes in earnings within the twelve-month analysis horizon. The actual impact of changes in interest rates on NII will depend on the magnitude and speed with which rates change, actual changes in ASB s balance sheet, and management s responses to the changes in interest rates. 
 Other than bank interest rate risk 
 The Company s general policy is to manage other than bank interest rate risk through use of a combination of short-term debt, long-term debt and preferred securities. As of December 31, 2022, the Company was exposed to other than bank interest rate risk because of its periodic borrowing requirements, the impact of interest rates on the discount rate and the market value of plan assets used to determine retirement benefits expenses and obligations (see Pension and other postretirement benefits obligations in HEI s MD A and Retirement benefits in Notes 1 and 10 of the Consolidated Financial Statements) and the possible effect of interest rates on the electric utilities allowed rates of return. Other than these exposures, management believes its exposure to other than bank interest rate risk is not material. The Company s long-term debt, in the form of borrowings of proceeds of revenue bonds, privately-placed senior notes and bank term loans, is predominately at fixed rates (see Note 16 of the Consolidated Financial Statements for the fair value of long-term debt, net-other than bank). 
 80 

ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 
 HEI and Hawaiian Electric: 
 Index to Consolidated Financial Statements Page Reports of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firms (PCAOB ID No. - HEI 
 82 
 Reports of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firms (PCAOB ID No. - Hawaiian Electric 
 85 
 Consolidated Financial Statements 
 87 
 HEI Consolidated Statements of Income for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 
 87 
 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 
 88 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets at December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 89 
 Consolidated Statements of Changes in Shareholders Equity for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 
 90 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 
 91 
 Hawaiian Electric Consolidated Statements of Income for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 
 93 
 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 
 93 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets at December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 94 
 Consolidated Statements of Capitalization at December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 96 
 Consolidated Statements of Changes in Common Stock Equity for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 
 98 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 
 99 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 100 
 
 81 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 To the shareholders and the Board of Directors of Hawaiian Electric Industries, Inc. 
 Opinions on the Financial Statements and Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Hawaiian Electric Industries, Inc. and subsidiaries (the "Company") as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the related consolidated statements of income, comprehensive income, changes in shareholders' equity, and cash flows, for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022, and the related notes and the schedules listed in the Index at Item 15(a)(2) (collectively referred to as the "financial statements"). We also have audited the Company s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO). 
 In our opinion, the financial statements referred to above present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. Also, in our opinion, the Company maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) issued by COSO. 
 
 Basis for Opinions 
 The Company s management is responsible for these financial statements, for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting, and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting, included in the accompanying Management s Annual Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these financial statements and an opinion on the Company s internal control over financial reporting based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB) and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audits to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud, and whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. 
 Our audits of the financial statements included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures to respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. Our audit of internal control over financial reporting included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, and testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk. Our audits also included performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinions. 
 Definition and Limitations of Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 A company s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 
 Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 
 82 

Critical Audit Matters 
 The critical audit matters communicated below are matters arising from the current-period audit of the financial statements that were communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that (1) relate to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of critical audit matters does not alter in any way our opinion on the financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matters below, providing separate opinions on the critical audit matters or on the accounts or disclosures to which they relate. 
 Electric Utility Segment - Regulatory Assets and Liabilities - Refer to Notes 1 and 3 to the financial statements 
 Critical Audit Matter Description 
 Hawaiian Electric Company, Inc. Hawaiian Electric or the Utility is subject to rate regulation by the Hawaii Public Utility Commission (the PUC and accounts for the effects of regulation under Financial Accounting Standards Board FASB Accounting Standards Codification ASC Topic 980, Regulated Operations, as management believes that the operations of the Utility currently satisfy the criteria for regulatory accounting. Accounting for the economics of rate regulation impacts multiple financial statement line items and disclosures, such as property, plant, and equipment; regulatory assets and liabilities; operating revenues; operation and maintenance expense; and depreciation expense. As of December 31, 2022, regulatory assets and liabilities amounted to 242.5 million and 1,055.7 million, respectively. The Company s continued accounting under ASC Topic 980 generally requires that rates are established by an independent, third-party regulator; rates are designed to recover the costs of providing service; and it is reasonable to assume that rates can be charged to, and collected from, customers. 
 Hawaiian Electric s rates are subject to regulatory rate-setting processes and earnings oversight. Rates are determined and approved in regulatory proceedings based on an analysis of the Utility s costs to provide utility service and a return on, and recovery of, Hawaiian Electric s investment in the utility business. Any decision by the PUC could (1) impact the recovery in future rates of costs incurred as property, plant, and equipment and deferred as regulatory assets and (2) necessitate a refund in rates that should be reported as regulatory liabilities. 
 We identified the impact of rate regulation as a critical audit matter due to the significant judgments made by management to support its assertions about the applicability of applying the specialized rules and the impacted account balances, including disclosures. Management judgments include assessing the applicability of the specialized rules and the likelihood of (1) recovery in future rates of incurred costs and (2) a refund to customers. 
 Given that management s accounting judgments are based on assumptions about the outcome of future decisions by the PUC, auditing these judgments required specialized knowledge of accounting for rate regulation and the rate-setting process due to its inherent complexities. 
 How the Critical Audit Matter Was Addressed in the Audit 
 Our audit procedures related to the application of specialized rules to account for the effects of cost-based rate regulation and the uncertainty of future decisions by the rate regulators included the following, among others: 
 
 We tested the effectiveness of management s controls over (1) the evaluation of the application of specialized rules to account for the effects of cost-based rate regulation and (2) the evaluation of the likelihood of (a) the recovery in future rates of costs incurred as property, plant, and equipment and deferred as regulatory assets and (b) a refund that should be reported as regulatory liabilities. Such controls include the monitoring and evaluation of regulatory developments that may affect the likelihood of recovering costs in future rates or refunding amounts in rates. 
 We evaluated the Company s conclusion that it should apply the specialized rules to account for the effects of cost-based rate regulation. 
 We evaluated the Company s disclosures related to the impacts of rate regulation, including the balances recorded and regulatory developments. 
 We read relevant regulatory orders issued by the PUC for the Utility, regulatory statutes, filings made by interveners, and other publicly available information to assess the likelihood of recovery in future rates or of a future reduction in rates based on precedents of the PUC s treatment of similar costs under similar circumstances. We evaluated the external information and compared to management s recorded regulatory asset and liability balances for completeness. 
 For regulatory matters in process, we inspected the Utility s filings with the PUC and the filings with the PUC by intervenors that may impact the Utility s future rates, for any evidence that might contradict management s assertions. 
 We obtained analyses from management as appropriate regarding probability of recovery for regulatory assets or refund in rates for regulatory liabilities not yet addressed in a regulatory order to assess management s assertion that amounts are probable of recovery, or refundable in rates. 
 83 

Allowance for Credit Losses - Refer to Notes 1 and 4 to the financial statements 
 Critical Audit Matter Description 
 The allowance for credit losses is a material estimate of the Company and as of December 31, 2022, the total balance was 72.2 million. The allowance for credit losses is based on the composition, characteristics, and quality of the loans, as well as the prevailing economic conditions and reasonable and supportable forecasts. The credit loss models use a probability-of-default, loss given default and exposure at default methodology to estimate the expected credit losses. 
 The Company also incorporates qualitative factors to adjust the historical loss rates or other static sources as these rates may not be an accurate indicator of expected losses in the current portfolio. These qualitative factors include, but are not limited to, adjustments for changes in policies and procedures in underwriting, monitoring or collections, economic conditions, portfolio mix, lending and risk management personnel, results of internal audit and quality control reviews, collateral values, and any concentrations of credit. 
 The selection of relevant and appropriate qualitative factors in calculating the allowance for credit losses requires significant management judgment. Given the magnitude of the qualitative factors and significant amount of judgment required by management in developing the qualitative component of the overall allowance, performing audit procedures to evaluate the reasonableness of the allowance for credit losses required a high degree of auditor judgment, an increased level of effort, and the need to involve more experienced audit professionals. 
 How the Critical Audit Matter Was Addressed in the Audit 
 Our audit procedures related to the qualitative factors utilized within the allowance for credit losses included the following, among others: 
 
 We tested the effectiveness of controls over the allowance for credit losses, including management s controls over the respective qualitative factors. 
 We evaluated the reasonableness and conceptual soundness of the allowance for credit losses modeling framework, including the use of qualitative factors. 
 We tested the mathematical accuracy of the calculation of the qualitative allowance for credit losses as well as the accuracy and completeness of data used as inputs to the determination of qualitative factors. 
 We evaluated the qualitative factors applied to the historical loss rates, including assessing the basis for the factors and the reasonableness of the qualitative factors used in the allowance for credit losses. 
 We evaluated the directional consistency and magnitude of the qualitative adjustments, as well as the absolute value of the allowance for credit losses attributable to the qualitative adjustments. 
 In order to identify potential bias in the determination of the allowance for credit losses, we performed analytical analysis, including retrospective review, where we compared the estimate of losses to actual losses, analyzed ratios of the allowance for credit losses to loans and other relevant metrics, such as losses and nonperforming loans, and performed peer analysis where we compared relevant metrics to comparable financial institutions, and evaluated the relevance of the underlying data used to determine qualitative factors, to identify potential bias in the determination of the allowance for credit losses. 
 
 /s/ Deloitte Touche LLP 
 Honolulu, Hawaii 
 February 27, 2023 
 We have served as the Company s auditor since 2017. 
 84 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 
 To the s hareholder and the Board of Directors of Hawaiian Electric Company, Inc. 
 
 Opinion on the Financial Statements 
 We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets and statements of capitalization of Hawaiian Electric Company, Inc. and subsidiaries (the "Company") as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the related consolidated statements of income, comprehensive income, changes in common stock equity, and cash flows, for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022, and the related notes and the schedule listed in the Index at Item 15(a)(2) (collectively referred to as the "financial statements"). In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 
 
 Basis for Opinion 
 These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company's management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company's financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB) and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits, we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 
 Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 
 Critical Audit Matter 
 The critical audit matter communicated below is a matter arising from the current-period audit of the financial statements that was communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that (1) relates to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of critical audit matters does not alter in any way our opinion on the financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matter below, providing a separate opinion on the critical audit matter or on the accounts or disclosures to which it relates. 
 
 Electric Utility Segment Regulatory Assets and Liabilities - Refer to Notes 1 and 3 to the financial statements 
 Critical Audit Matter Description 
 Hawaiian Electric Company, Inc. Hawaiian Electric or the Utility is subject to rate regulation by the Hawaii Public Utility Commission (the PUC and accounts for the effects of regulation under Financial Accounting Standards Board FASB Accounting Standards Codification ASC Topic 980, Regulated Operations, as management believes that the operations of the Utility currently satisfy the criteria for regulatory accounting. Accounting for the economics of rate regulation impacts multiple financial statement line items and disclosures, such as property, plant, and equipment; regulatory assets and liabilities; operating revenues; operation and maintenance expense; and depreciation expense. As of December 31, 2022, regulatory assets and liabilities amounted to 242.5 million and 1,055.7 million, respectively. The Company s continued accounting under ASC Topic 980 generally requires that rates are established by an independent, third-party regulator; rates are designed to recover the costs of providing service; and it is reasonable to assume that rates can be charged to, and collected from, customers. 
 
 85 

Hawaiian Electric s rates are subject to regulatory rate-setting processes and earnings oversight. Rates are determined and approved in regulatory proceedings based on an analysis of the Utility s costs to provide utility service and a return on, and recovery of, Hawaiian Electric s investment in the utility business. Any decision by the PUC could (1) impact the recovery in future rates of costs incurred as property, plant, and equipment and deferred as regulatory assets and (2) necessitate a refund in rates that should be reported as regulatory liabilities. 
 We identified the impact of rate regulation as a critical audit matter due to the significant judgments made by management to support its assertions about the applicability of applying the specialized rules and the impacted account balances, including disclosures. Management judgments include assessing the applicability of the specialized rules and the likelihood of (1) recovery in future rates of incurred costs and (2) a refund to customers. 
 Given that management s accounting judgments are based on assumptions about the outcome of future decisions by the PUC, auditing these judgments required specialized knowledge of accounting for rate regulation and the rate-setting process due to its inherent complexities. 
 How the Critical Audit Matter Was Addressed in the Audit 
 Our audit procedures related to the application of specialized rules to account for the effects of cost-based rate regulation and the uncertainty of future decisions by the rate regulators included the following, among others: 
 
 We tested the effectiveness of management s controls over (1) the evaluation of the application of specialized rules to account for the effects of cost-based rate regulation and (2) the evaluation of the likelihood of (a) the recovery in future rates of costs incurred as property, plant, and equipment and deferred as regulatory assets and (b) a refund that should be reported as regulatory liabilities. Such controls include the monitoring and evaluation of regulatory developments that may affect the likelihood of recovering costs in future rates or refunding amounts in rates. 
 We evaluated the Company s conclusion that it should apply the specialized rules to account for the effects of cost-based rate regulation. 
 We evaluated the Company s disclosures related to the impacts of rate regulation, including the balances recorded and regulatory developments. 
 We read relevant regulatory orders issued by the PUC for the Utility, regulatory statutes, filings made by interveners, and other publicly available information to assess the likelihood of recovery in future rates or of a future reduction in rates based on precedents of the PUC s treatment of similar costs under similar circumstances. We evaluated the external information and compared to management s recorded regulatory asset and liability balances for completeness. 
 For regulatory matters in process, we inspected the Utility s filings with the PUC and the filings with the PUC by intervenors that may impact the Utility s future rates, for any evidence that might contradict management s assertions. 
 We obtained analyses from management as appropriate regarding probability of recovery for regulatory assets or refund in rates for regulatory liabilities not yet addressed in a regulatory order to assess management s assertion that amounts are probable of recovery, or refundable in rates. 

/s/ 
 
 February 27, 2023 
 We have served as the Company s auditor since 2017. 
 
 86 

Consolidated Statements of Income 
 Hawaiian Electric Industries, Inc. and Subsidiaries 
 Years ended December 31 2022 2021 2020 (in thousands, except per share amounts) Revenues Electric utility Bank Other Total revenues Expenses Electric utility Bank Other Total expenses Operating income (loss) Electric utility Bank Other ) ) ) Total operating income Retirement defined benefits credit (expense) other than service costs ) Interest expense, net other than on deposit liabilities and other bank borrowings ) ) ) Allowance for borrowed funds used during construction Allowance for equity funds used during construction Gain on sales of investment securities, net and equity-method investment Income before income taxes Income taxes Net income Preferred stock dividends of subsidiaries Net income for common stock Basic earnings per common share Diluted earnings per common share Weighted-average number of common shares outstanding Net effect of potentially dilutive shares (share-based compensation programs) Weighted-average shares assuming dilution 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 87 

Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income 
 Hawaiian Electric Industries, Inc. and Subsidiaries 
 Years ended December 31 2022 2021 2020 (in thousands) Net income for common stock Other comprehensive income (loss), net of taxes: Net unrealized gains (losses) on available-for sale investment securities: Net unrealized gains (losses) on available-for sale investment securities arising during the period, net of taxes of ), ) and for 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively 
 ) ) Reclassification adjustment for net realized gains included in net income, net of taxes of , ) and ) for 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively 
 ) ) Amortization of unrealized holding losses on held-to-maturity securities, net of taxes of , and for 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively 
 Derivatives qualified as cash flow hedges: Unrealized interest rate hedging gains (losses), net of taxes of , ) and ) for 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively 
 ) ) Reclassification adjustment to net income, net of taxes of , and for 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively 
 Retirement benefit plans: Net gains (losses) arising during the period, net of taxes of , and ) for 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively 
 ) Adjustment for amortization of prior service credit and net losses recognized during the period in net periodic benefit cost, net of taxes of , and for 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively 
 Reclassification adjustment for impact of D Os of the PUC included in regulatory assets, net of taxes of ), ) and for 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively 
 ) ) Other comprehensive income (loss), net of taxes ) ) Comprehensive income attributable to Hawaiian Electric Industries, Inc. ) 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 88 

Consolidated Balance Sheets 
 Hawaiian Electric Industries, Inc. and Subsidiaries 
 December 31 2022 2021 (dollars in thousands) ASSETS Cash and cash equivalents Restricted cash Accounts receivable and unbilled revenues, net Available-for-sale investment securities, at fair value 
 Held-to-maturity investment securities, at amortized cost 
 Stock in Federal Home Loan Bank, at cost 
 Loans held for investment, net Loans held for sale, at lower of cost or fair value Property, plant and equipment, net Land Plant and equipment Right-of-use assets - finance lease Construction in progress Less accumulated depreciation ) ) Operating lease right-of-use assets Regulatory assets Other Goodwill Total assets LIABILITIES AND SHAREHOLDERS EQUITY Liabilities Accounts payable Interest and dividends payable Deposit liabilities Short-term borrowings other than bank Other bank borrowings Long-term debt, net other than bank Deferred income taxes Operating lease liabilities Finance lease liabilities Regulatory liabilities Defined benefit pension and other postretirement benefit plans liability 
 Other Total liabilities Preferred stock of subsidiaries - not subject to mandatory redemption 
 Commitments and contingencies (Notes 3 and 4) Shareholders equity Preferred stock, no par value, authorized shares; issued: 
 Common stock, no par value, authorized shares; issued and outstanding: shares and shares at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively 
 Retained earnings Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss), net of taxes Net unrealized losses on securities ) ) Unrealized gains (losses) on derivatives ) Retirement benefit plans ) ) ) ) Total shareholders equity Total liabilities and shareholders equity 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 89 

Consolidated Statements of Changes in Shareholders Equity 
 Hawaiian Electric Industries, Inc. and Subsidiaries 
 Common stock Retained earnings Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) (in thousands, except per share amounts) Shares Amount Total Balance, December 31, 2019 ) Impact of adoption of ASU No. 2016-13 ) ) Balance, January 1, 2020 after adoption of ASU No. 2016-13 
 ) Net income for common stock Other comprehensive income, net of taxes Issuance of common stock: Share-based plans Share-based expenses and other, net ) ) Common stock dividends per share) 
 ) ) Balance, December 31, 2020 ) Net income for common stock Other comprehensive loss, net of tax benefits ) ) Issuance of common stock: Share-based plans Share-based expenses and other, net Common stock dividends per share) 
 ) ) Balance, December 31, 2021 ) Net income for common stock Other comprehensive loss, net of tax benefits ) ) Issuance of common stock: Share-based plans Share-based expenses and other, net Common stock dividends per share) 
 ) ) Balance, December 31, 2022 ) 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 90 

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
 Hawaiian Electric Industries, Inc. and Subsidiaries 
 Years ended December 31 2022 2021 2020 (in thousands) Cash flows from operating activities Net income Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash provided by operating activities Depreciation of property, plant and equipment Other amortization Provision for credit losses ) Loans originated, held for sale ) ) ) Proceeds from sale of loans, held for sale Gain on sale of investment securities, net ) ) ) Gain on sale of loans ) ) ) Deferred income taxes ) ) ) Share-based compensation expense Allowance for equity funds used during construction ) ) ) Other ) ) Changes in assets and liabilities Decrease (increase) in accounts receivable and unbilled revenues, net ) ) Decrease (increase) in fuel oil stock ) ) Decrease (increase) in regulatory assets ) Increase (decrease) in regulatory liabilities ) Increase (decrease) in accounts, interest and dividends payable 
 ) Change in prepaid and accrued income taxes, tax credits and utility revenue taxes ) Decrease in defined benefit pension and other postretirement benefit plans liability ) ) ) Change in other assets and liabilities, net ) ) ) Net cash provided by operating activities Cash flows from investing activities Available-for-sale investment securities purchased ) ) ) Principal repayments on available-for-sale investment securities 
 Proceeds from sale of available-for-sale investment securities Purchases of held-to-maturity investment securities ) ) Proceeds from repayments or maturities of held-to-maturity investment securities Purchase of stock from Federal Home Loan Bank ) ) ) Redemption of stock from Federal Home Loan Bank Net decrease (increase) in loans held for investment ) ) Proceeds from sale of residential loans Purchase of loans held for investment ) Proceeds from sale of real estate held for sale Capital expenditures ) ) ) Proceeds from sale of low income housing investments Contributions to low income housing investments ) ) ) Acquisition of business ) Other, net Net cash used in investing activities ) ) ) 
 (continued) 
 91 

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows (continued) 
 Hawaiian Electric Industries, Inc. and Subsidiaries 
 Years ended December 31 2022 2021 2020 Cash flows from financing activities Net increase (decrease) in deposit liabilities ) Net increase (decrease) in short-term borrowings with original maturities of three months or less 
 ) ) Proceeds from issuance of short-term debt Repayment of short-term debt ) ) Net increase (decrease) in other bank borrowings with original maturities of three months or less ) ) Proceeds from issuance of other bank borrowings Repayment of other bank borrowings ) Proceeds from issuance of long-term debt Repayment of long-term debt and funds transferred for repayment of long-term debt 
 ) ) ) Withheld shares for employee taxes on vested share-based compensation ) ) ) Common stock dividends ) ) ) Preferred stock dividends of subsidiaries ) ) ) Other ) ) ) Net cash provided by financing activities Net increase (decrease) in cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash ) ) Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash, January 1 Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash, December 31 Less: Restricted cash ) ) ) Cash and cash equivalents, December 31 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 92 

Consolidated Statements of Income 
 Hawaiian Electric Company, Inc. and Subsidiaries 
 Years ended December 31 2022 2021 2020 (in thousands) Revenues Expenses Fuel oil Purchased power Other operation and maintenance Depreciation Taxes, other than income taxes Total expenses Operating income Allowance for equity funds used during construction Retirement defined benefits credit (expense) other than service costs ) Interest expense and other charges, net ) ) ) Allowance for borrowed funds used during construction Income before income taxes Income taxes Net income Preferred stock dividends of subsidiaries Net income attributable to Hawaiian Electric Preferred stock dividends of Hawaiian Electric Net income for common stock 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income 
 Hawaiian Electric Company, Inc. and Subsidiaries 
 Years ended December 31 2022 2021 2020 (in thousands) Net income for common stock Other comprehensive income (loss), net of taxes: Retirement benefit plans: Net gains (losses) arising during the period, net of taxes of , and ) for 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively 
 ) Adjustment for amortization of prior service credit and net losses recognized during the period in net periodic benefit cost, net of taxes of , and for 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively 
 Reclassification adjustment for impact of D Os of the PUC included in regulatory assets, net of taxes of ), ), and for 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively 
 ) ) Other comprehensive income (loss), net of taxes ) ) Comprehensive income attributable to Hawaiian Electric Company, Inc. 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 93 

Consolidated Balance Sheets 
 Hawaiian Electric Company, Inc. and Subsidiaries 
 December 31 2022 2021 (in thousands) Assets Property, plant and equipment Utility property, plant and equipment Land Plant and equipment Right-of-use assets - finance lease Less accumulated depreciation ) ) Construction in progress Utility property, plant and equipment, net Nonutility property, plant and equipment, less accumulated depreciation of and as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively 
 Total property, plant and equipment, net Current assets Cash and cash equivalents Restricted cash Customer accounts receivable, net Accrued unbilled revenues, net Other accounts receivable, net Fuel oil stock, at average cost Materials and supplies, at average cost Prepayments and other Regulatory assets Total current assets Other long-term assets Operating lease right-of-use-assets Regulatory assets Other Total other long-term assets Total assets 
 
 (Continued) 
 94 

Consolidated Balance Sheets (continued) Hawaiian Electric Company, Inc. and Subsidiaries December 31 2022 2021 (in thousands) Capitalization and liabilities Capitalization (see Consolidated Statements of Capitalization) 
 Common stock equity Cumulative preferred stock not subject to mandatory redemption Commitments and contingencies (Note 3) Long-term debt, net Total capitalization Current liabilities Current portion of operating lease liabilities Current portion of long-term debt, net Short-term borrowings from non-affiliate Accounts payable Interest and preferred dividends payable Taxes accrued, including revenue taxes Regulatory liabilities Other Total current liabilities Deferred credits and other liabilities Operating lease liabilities Finance lease liabilities Deferred income taxes Regulatory liabilities Unamortized tax credits Defined benefit pension and other postretirement benefit plans liability Other Total deferred credits and other liabilities Total capitalization and liabilities 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 95 

Consolidated Statements of Capitalization 
 
 Hawaiian Electric Company, Inc. and Subsidiaries 
 December 31 2022 2021 (dollars in thousands, except par value) Common stock equity Common stock of 6 2/3 par value Authorized: shares. Outstanding: shares and 
 shares at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively 
 Premium on capital stock Retained earnings Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss), net of taxes-retirement benefit plans ) Common stock equity 

Cumulative preferred stock not subject to mandatory redemption Authorized: shares of par value and shares of par value. 
 Series Par Value Shares outstanding December 31, 2022 and 2021 2022 2021 (dollars in thousands, except par value and shares outstanding) C- 
 (Hawaiian Electric) D- 
 (Hawaiian Electric) E- 
 (Hawaiian Electric) H- 
 (Hawaiian Electric) I- 
 (Hawaiian Electric) J- 
 (Hawaiian Electric) K- 
 (Hawaiian Electric) G- 
 (Hawaii Electric Light) H- 
 (Maui Electric) 
 (continued) 
 
 96 

Consolidated Statements of Capitalization (continued) 
 
 Hawaiian Electric Company, Inc. and Subsidiaries 
 December 31 2022 2021 (in thousands) Long-term debt Obligations to the State of Hawaii for the repayment of Special Purpose Revenue Bonds (subsidiary obligations unconditionally guaranteed by Hawaiian Electric): , Series 2019, due 2049 
 , Refunding series 2019, due 2039 
 , Refunding series 2017A, due 2026 
 , Refunding series 2017B, due 2037 
 , Refunding series 2015, due 2025 
 Total obligations to the State of Hawaii Other long-term debt unsecured: Taxable senior notes: , Series 2022A, due 2032 
 , Series 2020C and 2020E, due 2050 
 , Series 2020B and 2020D, due 2040 
 , Series 2020A, 2020B and 2020C, due 2050 
 , Series 2020A and 2020B, due 2030 
 , Series 2019A, due 2034 
 , Series 2018A, due 2028 
 , Series 2018B, due 2033 
 , Series 2018C, due 2048 
 , Series 2017A, due 2047 
 , Series 2016A, due 2046 
 , Series 2015A, due 2045 
 , Series 2013A and 2013B, due 2022 
 , Series 2013A, 2013B and 2013C, due 2027 
 , Series 2013B and 2013C, due 2043 
 , Series 2012B and 2012C, due 2023 
 , Series 2012D, due 2029 
 , Series 2012E, due 2042 
 , Series 2012F, due 2032 
 Total taxable senior notes Total long-term debt Less unamortized debt issuance costs Less current portion long-term debt, net of unamortized debt issuance costs Long-term debt, net Total capitalization 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 97 

Consolidated Statements of Changes in Common Stock Equity 
 
 Hawaiian Electric Company, Inc. and Subsidiaries 
 Common stock Premium on capital stock Retained earnings Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) (in thousands) Shares Amount Total Balance, December 31, 2019 ) Net income for common stock Other comprehensive loss, net of taxes ) ) Issuance of common stock, net of expenses Common stock dividends ) ) Balance, December 31, 2020 ) Net income for common stock Other comprehensive loss, net of taxes ) ) Issuance of common stock, net of expenses Common stock dividends ) ) Balance, December 31, 2021 ) Net income for common stock Other comprehensive income, net of taxes Issuance of common stock, net of expenses Common stock dividends ) ) Balance, December 31, 2022 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 
 98 

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
 
 Hawaiian Electric Company, Inc. and Subsidiaries 
 Years ended December 31 2022 2021 2020 (in thousands) Cash flows from operating activities Net income Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash provided by operating activities 
 Depreciation of property, plant and equipment Other amortization Deferred income taxes ) ) State refundable credit ) ) ) Bad debt expense Allowance for equity funds used during construction ) ) ) Bill credits Accrued environmental reserve Other ) Changes in assets and liabilities Increase in accounts receivable ) ) ) Decrease (increase) in accrued unbilled revenues ) ) Decrease (increase) in fuel oil stock ) ) Increase in materials and supplies ) ) ) Decrease (increase) in regulatory assets ) Increase (decrease) in regulatory liabilities ) Increase (decrease) in accounts payable ) Change in prepaid and accrued income taxes, tax credits and revenue taxes ) Decrease in defined benefit pension and other postretirement benefit plans liability ) ) ) Change in other assets and liabilities ) ) ) Net cash provided by operating activities Cash flows from investing activities Capital expenditures ) ) ) Other Net cash used in investing activities ) ) ) Cash flows from financing activities Common stock dividends ) ) ) Preferred stock dividends of Hawaiian Electric and subsidiaries ) ) ) Proceeds from issuance of common stock Proceeds from issuance of long-term debt Repayment of long-term debt and funds transferred for repayment of long-term debt ) ) Net increase (decrease) in short-term borrowings from non-affiliates and affiliate with original maturities of three months or less ) Proceeds from issuance of short-term debt Repayment of short-term debt ) ) Payments of obligations under finance leases ) Other ) ) ) Net cash provided by (used in) financing activities ) Net increase (decrease) in cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash ) ) Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash, January 1 Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash, December 31 Less: Restricted cash ) ) Cash and cash equivalents, December 31 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 99 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

branches on Oahu ), Maui ), Hawaii ), Kauai ) and Molokai ). 
 Pacific Current s significant subsidiaries include Hamakua Energy, LLC (Hamakua Energy), Mauo, LLC (Mauo) and Ka ie ie Waho Company, LLC (Ka ie ie Waho) and Mahipapa, LLC (Mahipapa). See Note 2. 
 Basis of presentation. 
 
 Consolidation. (see Note 2 for limited exceptions). 
 Cash and cash equivalents. 
 Restricted cash. At December 31, 2022 and 2021, total restricted cash of the Company was million and million, respectively, and for the Utilities was and million, respectively. 
 Property, plant and equipment. See discussion regarding Utility projects in Note 3. 
 100 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued) 

to years for production plant, from to years for transmission and distribution plant, and from to years for general plant. The Utilities composite annual depreciation rate, which includes a component for cost of removal, was in 2022, 2021 and 2020. 
 Retirement benefits. 
 
 Environmental expenditures. 
 Income taxes. 
 Fair value measurements. 
 101 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued) 

Earnings per share (HEI only). There were shares of antidilutive securities outstanding during the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020. 
 Impairment of long-lived assets and long-lived assets to be disposed of. 
 102 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued) 

Electric utility 
 Regulation by the Public Utilities Commission of the State of Hawaii (PUC). 
 
 Accounts receivable. Due to the economic impact of COVID-19 on customers and the moratorium on electric service disconnections through May 31, 2021, the allowance for doubtful accounts increased in 2020 and 2021. At December 31, 2022 and 2021, the allowance for customer accounts receivable, accrued unbilled revenues and other accounts receivable was million and million, respectively. 
 Electric utility revenues. See Decoupling discussion in Note 3. 
 Repairs and maintenance costs. 
 Allowance for funds used during construction (AFUDC). 
 The weighted-average AFUDC rate was in 2022, 2021 and 2020, and reflected quarterly compounding. 
 Asset retirement obligations. See Asset retirement obligations in Note 3. 
 Bank (HEI only) 
 Investment securities. 
 103 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued) 

Loans . 

Allowance for credit losses. 
 104 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued) 

Nonperforming loans. 
 105 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued) 

days or more; (b) significant improvement in the borrower s repayment capacity is doubtful; and/or (c) collateral value is insufficient to cover outstanding indebtedness and no other viable assets or repayment sources exist. 
 Loans in the residential mortgage and home equity portfolios are charged-off when the loan or a portion thereof is determined to be uncollectible after considering the borrower s overall financial condition and collateral deficiency. Such loan is considered uncollectible when: (a) the borrower is delinquent in principal or interest days or more; (b) it is probable that collateral value is insufficient to cover outstanding indebtedness and no other viable assets or repayment sources exist; (c) notification of the borrower s bankruptcy is received or the borrower s debt is discharged in bankruptcy and the loan is not reaffirmed; or (d) in cases where ASB is in a subordinate position to other debt, the senior lien holder has foreclosed and ASB s junior lien is extinguished. 
 Other consumer loans are generally charged-off when the balance becomes days delinquent. 
 Loans modified in a troubled debt restructuring. 
 Real estate acquired in settlement of loans. 
 Goodwill. million. The goodwill relates to ASB and is the Company s only intangible asset with an indefinite useful life. 
 , the publicly traded company valuation method was weighted and the 
 106 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued) 

. More weight was given to the income approach as this approach uses the projected performance of ASB in the stressed environment and would be more indicative of the current fair value of the Bank. For the three years ended December 31, 2022, there has been impairment of goodwill. 
 Mortgage banking. 
 to basis points. For each stratum, fair value is calculated by discounting expected net income streams using discount rates that reflect industry pricing for similar assets. Expected net income streams are estimated based on industry assumptions regarding prepayment expectations and income and expenses associated with servicing residential mortgage loans for others. 
 ASB uses a present value cash flow model using techniques described above to estimate the fair value of MSRs. Because observable market prices with exact terms and conditions may not be readily available, ASB compares the fair value of MSRs to an estimated value calculated by an independent third-party on a semi-annual basis. The third-party relies on both published and unpublished sources of market related assumptions and its own experience and expertise to arrive at a value. ASB uses the third-party value only to assess the reasonableness of fair value generated by the valuation model. 
 Impairment is recognized through a valuation allowance for each stratum when the carrying amount exceeds fair value, with any associated provision recorded as a component of loan servicing fees included in Revenues - bank in the consolidated statements of income. A direct write-down is recorded when the recoverability of the valuation allowance is deemed to be unrecoverable. 
 Loan servicing fee income represents income earned for servicing mortgage loans owned by investors. It includes mortgage servicing fees and other ancillary servicing income, net of guaranty fees. Servicing fees are generally calculated on the outstanding principal balances of the loans serviced and are recorded as income when earned. 
 Tax credit investments. 
 107 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued) 

As of December 31, 2022, ASB did not have any impairment losses resulting from forfeiture or ineligibility of tax credits or other circumstances related to its low-income housing tax credit (LIHTC) investments. 
 At December 31, 2022 and 2021, the carrying amount of LIHTC investments was million and million, respectively, and included in other assets in the consolidated balance sheets. 
 ASB s unfunded commitments to fund its LIHTC investment partnerships were million and million as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. These unfunded commitments are unconditional and legally binding and are recorded in other liabilities with a corresponding increase in other assets.) ) ) Tax credits and other tax benefits recognized in the provision for income taxes Net benefit to income tax expense 
 108 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

-MW combined cycle power plant and other assets from affiliates of ArcLight Capital Partners, a private equity firm. The plant sells all the power it produces to Hawaii Electric Light under an existing power purchase agreement (PPA) that expires in 2030. 
 Solar-plus-storage power purchase agreement . In 2018, Mauo executed definitive agreements to acquire a solar-plus-storage PPA for a multi-site, commercial-scale project that provides MW of solar capacity and megawatt-hours (MWh) of storage capacity on the islands of Maui and Oahu. The PPA has a -year term with a customer option to extend for an additional . 
 -MW photovoltaic system . In September 2020, Ka ie ie Waho acquired a -MW photovoltaic system situated on acres of land on the island of Kauai. Kauai Island Utility Cooperative purchases all of the power generated by the system under a PPA that expires in 2033. 
 -MW renewable, firm dispatchable closed-loop biomass-to-energy facility . In July 2022, Mahipapa acquired a -MW renewable, firm dispatchable closed-loop biomass-to-energy facility on Kauai. Kauai Island Utility Cooperative purchases all of the power generated by the system under a PPA that expires in 2035. 
 109 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Intersegment revenues (eliminations) ) Revenues Depreciation and amortization Interest expense, net Income (loss) before income taxes ) Income taxes (benefit) ) Net income (loss) ) Preferred stock dividends of subsidiaries ) Net income (loss) for common stock ) Capital expenditures 1 
 Assets (at December 31, 2022) 2021 Revenues from external customers Intersegment revenues (eliminations) ) Revenues Depreciation and amortization Interest expense, net Income (loss) before income taxes ) Income taxes (benefit) ) Net income (loss) ) Preferred stock dividends of subsidiaries ) Net income (loss) for common stock ) Capital expenditures 1 
 Assets (at December 31, 2021) 2020 Revenues from external customers Intersegment revenues (eliminations) ) Revenues Depreciation and amortization Interest expense, net Income (loss) before income taxes ) Income taxes (benefit) ) Net income (loss) ) Preferred stock dividends of subsidiaries ) Net income (loss) for common stock ) Capital expenditures 1 
 Assets (at December 31, 2020) 
 
 Intercompany electricity sales of the Utilities to ASB and other segments are not eliminated because those segments would need to purchase electricity from another source if it were not provided by the Utilities and the profit on such sales is nominal. 
 Hamakua Energy s sales to Hawaii Electric Light (a regulated affiliate) are eliminated in consolidation. 
 110 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued) 

 Income taxes - years) 
 Decoupling revenue balancing account and RAM - years) 
 Unamortized expense and premiums on retired debt and equity issuances - years; - years remaining) 
 Vacation earned, but not yet taken year) 
 COVID-19 related costs (to be determined by PUC) ECRC/PPAC year) 
 Other - years remaining) 
 Total regulatory assets Included in: Current assets Long-term assets Total regulatory assets 
 
 - years) 
 Income taxes - years) 
 Decoupling revenue balancing account and RAM - years) 
 Retirement benefit plans (balance primarily varies with plans funded statuses) 
 Solar tax credits - years) 
 Other - years remaining) 
 Total regulatory liabilities Included in: Current liabilities Long-term liabilities Total regulatory liabilities 
 The regulatory asset and liability relating to retirement benefit plans was recorded as a result of pension and OPEB tracking mechanisms adopted by the PUC in rate case decisions for the Utilities in 2007 (see Note 10). 
 Major customers. The Utilities received million), million) and million) of their operating revenues from the sale of electricity to various federal government agencies in 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 111 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued) 

I (Hawaiian Electric) G (Hawaii Electric Light) H (Maui Electric) 
 Hawaiian Electric is obligated to make dividend, redemption and liquidation payments on the preferred stock of each of its subsidiaries if the respective subsidiary is unable to make such payments, but this obligation is subordinated to Hawaiian Electric s obligation to make payments on its own preferred stock. 
 Related-party transactions. HEI charged the Utilities million, million and million for general management and administrative services in 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. The amounts charged by HEI to its subsidiaries for services provided by HEI employees are allocated primarily on the basis of time expended in providing such services. 
 In 2022, 2021 and 2020, Hamakua Energy (an indirect subsidiary of HEI) sold energy and capacity to Hawaii Electric Light (subsidiary of Hawaiian Electric and indirect subsidiary of HEI) under a PPA in the amount of million, million and million, respectively. 
 Hawaiian Electric s short-term borrowings from HEI totaled at December 31, 2022 and 2021. Borrowings among the Utilities are eliminated in consolidation. Interest charged by HEI to Hawaiian Electric was not material for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 
 Unconsolidated variable interest entities. 
 Power purchase agreements . As of December 31, 2022, the Utilities had PPAs for firm capacity and other PPAs with independent power producers (IPPs) and Schedule Q providers (i.e., customers with cogeneration and/or power production facilities who buy power from or sell power to the Utilities), none of which are currently required to be consolidated as VIEs. 
 Pursuant to the current accounting standards for VIEs, the Utilities are deemed to have a variable interest in Kalaeloa Partners, L.P. (Kalaeloa) and Hamakua Energy by reason of the provisions of the PPA that the Utilities have with the IPPs. However, management has concluded that the Utilities are not the primary beneficiary of Kalaeloa and Hamakua Energy because the Utilities do not have the power to direct the activities that most significantly impact the IPPs economic performance nor the obligation to absorb their expected losses, if any, that could potentially be significant to the IPPs. Thus, the Utilities have not consolidated Kalaeloa and Hamakua Energy in its consolidated financial statements. However, Hamakua Energy is an indirect subsidiary of Pacific Current, and is consolidated in HEI s consolidated financial statements. 
 For the other PPAs with IPPs, the Utilities have concluded that the consolidation of the IPPs was not required because either the Utilities do not have variable interests in the IPPs due to the absence of an obligation in the PPAs for the Utilities to absorb any variability of the IPPs, or the IPP was considered a governmental organization, and thus excluded from the scope of accounting standards for VIEs. The consolidation of any significant IPP could have a material effect on the consolidated financial statements, including the recognition of a significant amount of assets and liabilities and, if such a consolidated IPP were operating at a loss and had insufficient equity, the potential recognition of such losses. If the Utilities determine they are required to consolidate the financial statements of such an IPP and the consolidation has a material effect, the Utilities would retrospectively apply accounting standards for VIEs to the IPP. 
 Commitments and contingencies. 
 Contingencies . The Utilities are subject in the normal course of business to legal, regulatory and environmental proceedings. Management does not anticipate that the aggregate ultimate liability arising out of these pending or threatened legal proceedings will be material to its financial position. However, the Utilities cannot rule out the possibility that such outcomes could have a material effect on the results of operations or liquidity for a particular reporting period in the future. The Utilities record loss contingencies when the outcome of such proceedings is probable and when the amount of the loss is reasonably estimable. The Utilities also evaluate, on a continuous basis, whether developments in such proceedings could cause these assessments or estimates to change. Assessment regarding future events is required when evaluating whether a loss is probable or reasonably possible, and as to whether such loss or a range of such loss is estimable. Management is often unable to estimate a reasonably possible loss, or a range of loss, particularly in cases in which: (i). the damages sought are indeterminate or the basis for the damages claimed is not clear; (ii) proceedings are in early stages; (iii) discovery is not complete; (iv) the matters involve novel or unsettled legal theories; (v) significant facts are in dispute; (vi) a large number of parties are 
 112 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued) 

AES Hawaii HPOWER Hamakua Energy 
 Puna Geothermal Venture Wind IPPs Solar IPPs Other IPPs 1 
 Total IPPs 
 1 Includes hydro power and other PPAs 
 As of December 31, 2022, the Utilities had firm capacity PPAs for a total of megawatts (MW) of firm capacity. The PGV facility with MW of firm capacity went offline in May 2018 due to lava flow on Hawaii Island, but returned to service with firm capacity in the first quarter of 2021, ramped up to MW in the second quarter of 2022 and continued to provide MW for the remainder of 2022. The PUC allows rate recovery for energy and firm capacity payments to IPPs under these agreements. Assuming that each of the agreements remains in place for its current term (and as amended) and the minimum availability criteria in the PPAs are met, aggregate minimum fixed capacity charges are expected to be approximately million each year in 2023 through 2027, and million from 2028 through 2033. 
 In general, the Utilities base their payments under the PPAs upon available capacity and actual energy supplied and they are generally not required to make payments for capacity if the contracted capacity is not available, and payments are reduced, under certain conditions, if available capacity drops below contracted levels. In general, the payment rates for capacity have been predetermined for the terms of the agreements. Energy payments will vary over the terms of the agreements. The Utilities pass on changes in the fuel component of the energy charges to customers through the ECRC in their rate schedules. The Utilities do not operate, or participate in the operation of, any of the facilities that provide power under the agreements. Title to the facilities does not pass to Hawaiian Electric or its subsidiaries upon expiration of the agreements, and the agreements do not contain bargain purchase options for the facilities. 
 Purchase power adjustment clause. The PUC has approved PPACs for the Utilities. Purchased power capacity, operation and maintenance (O M) and other non-energy costs previously recovered through base rates are now recovered in the PPACs and, subject to approval by the PUC, such costs resulting from new purchased power agreements can be added to the PPACs outside of a rate case. Purchased energy costs continue to be recovered through the ECRC. 
 Kalaeloa Partners, L.P. Under a 1988 PPA, as amended, Hawaiian Electric is committed to purchase MW of firm capacity from Kalaeloa. In October 2021, Hawaiian Electric and Kalaeloa signed the Amended and Restated Power Purchase Agreement for Firm Dispatchable Capacity and Energy (Amended and Restated PPA) to extend the PPA for an additional term of years. The Amended and Restated PPA was approved by the PUC on November 23, 2022, and took effect on January 1, 2023. The price of purchases from Kalaeloa in 2022 have increased over 2021, primarily due to increased fuel oil cost. 
 AES Hawaii, Inc. Under a PPA entered into in March 1988, as amended (through Amended and Restated Amendment No. 4) for a period of years ending September 2022, Hawaiian Electric agreed to purchase MW of firm capacity from AES Hawaii. The term of the PPA expired on September 1, 2022 and the AES Hawaii coal plant ceased operations. 
 Stage 1 Renewable PPAs. In February 2018, the Utilities issued their Stage 1 renewable request for proposals and have procured renewable PPAs with a total of MW capacity. The total annual payments to be made by the Utilities under the renewable PPAs are estimated at million. The Utilities have received PUC approvals to recover the total projected annual payments under the renewable PPAs through the PPAC to the extent such costs are not included in base rates. On July 31, 2022, Mililani I Solar, the first utility-scale solar-plus-storage project on Oahu, reached commercial operations. On January 11, 2023, Waiawa Solar project on Oahu also reached commercial operations. The projects are MW, including MWh batteries, and the both PPA for the project have a -year term. The Utilities have accounted for the battery portion of the PPAs as finance leases. (See Note 8 for lease discussions.) 
 113 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued) 

 MW of renewable, dispatchable firm capacity fueled by locally grown biomass from a facility on the island of Hawaii. Under the terms of the PPA, the Hu Honua plant was scheduled to be in service in 2016. However, Hu Honua encountered construction and litigation delays, which resulted in an amended and restated PPA between Hawaii Electric Light and Hu Honua dated May 9, 2017. In July 2017, the PUC approved the amended and restated PPA, which becomes effective once the PUC s order is final and non-appealable. In August 2017, the PUC s approval was appealed by a third party. On May 10, 2019, the Hawaii Supreme Court issued a decision remanding the matter to the PUC for further proceedings consistent with the court s decision, which must include express consideration of greenhouse gas (GHG) emissions that would result from approving the PPA, whether the cost of energy under the PPA is reasonable in light of the potential for GHG emissions, and whether the terms of the PPA are prudent and in the public interest, in light of its potential hidden and long-term consequences. As a result, the PUC reopened the docket for further proceedings, including re-examining all of the issues in the proceedings. On July 9, 2020, the PUC issued an order denying Hawaii Electric Light s request to waive the amended and restated PPA from the PUC s competitive bidding requirements and therefore, dismissed the request for approval of the amended and restated PPA without prejudice to possible participation in any future competitive bidding process. On September 9, 2020, the PUC denied Hu Honua s motion for reconsideration of the PUC s order. Hu Honua filed its notice of appeal to the Hawaii Supreme Court of the PUC s order denying Hu Honua s motion for reconsideration. On May 24, 2021, the Hawaii Supreme Court vacated the PUC s decision and remanded the matter back to the PUC for further proceedings. On June 30, 2021, the PUC issued an order reopening the docket consistent with the Hawaii Supreme Court s order. A contested case hearing was held in March 2022. On May 23, 2022, the PUC issued a decision and order denying the amended and restated PPA, based on, among other things, findings that: (1) the project will result in significant GHG emissions, (2) Hu Honua s proposed carbon commitment to sequester more GHG emissions than produced by the project are speculative and unsupported, (3) the amended and restated PPA is likely to result in high costs to customers through its relatively high cost of electricity and through potential displacement of other, lower cost, renewable resources, and (4) based on the foregoing, approving the amended and restated PPA is not prudent or in the public interest. On June 2, 2022, Hawaii Electric Light and Hu Honua filed their separate motions for reconsideration. On June 24, 2022, the PUC issued an order denying Hawaii Electric Light and Hu Honua s respective motions for reconsideration. On June 29, 2022, Hu Honua filed its notice of appeal to the Hawaii Supreme Court of the PUC s May 23, 2022 decision and order denying the amended and restated PPA, and the PUC s June 24, 2022 order denying Hawaii Electric Light and Hu Honua s motions for reconsideration. Opening briefs were filed with the Supreme Court on October 5, 2022. Answering briefs were filed on December 5, 2022, and reply briefs were filed on December 28, 2022. The Supreme Court heard oral arguments on January 31, 2023. 
 Molokai New Energy Partners (MNEP). In July 2018, the PUC approved Maui Electric s PPA with MNEP to purchase solar energy from a photovoltaic (PV) plus battery storage project. The MW PV and MW Battery Energy Storage System project was to deliver no more than MW at any time to the Molokai system. On March 25, 2020, MNEP filed a complaint in the United Stated District Court for the District of Hawaii against Maui Electric claiming breach of contract. On June 3, 2020, Maui Electric provided a Notice of Default and Termination of the PPA to MNEP terminating the PPA with an effective date of July 10, 2020. Thereafter, MNEP filed an amended complaint to include claims relating to the termination and Hawaiian Electric filed its answer to the amended complaint on September 11, 2020, disputing the facts presented by MNEP and all claims within the original and amended complaint. Currently, the discovery phase is ongoing. 
 Fuels barging contract . On August 23, 2021, the Utilities entered into a inter-island fuel transportation contract with Sause Bros., Inc., which commenced in January 2022. On September 22, 2022, the PUC issued a decision and order (D O) approving the inter-island fuels transportation contract and recovery of associated costs through ECRC. 
 Utility projects . Many public utility projects require PUC approval and various permits from other governmental agencies. Difficulties in obtaining, or the inability to obtain, the necessary approvals or permits or community support can result in significantly increased project costs or even cancellation of projects. In the event a project does not proceed, or if it becomes probable the PUC will disallow cost recovery for all or part of a project, or if PUC-imposed caps on project costs are expected to be exceeded, project costs may need to be written off in amounts that could result in significant reductions in Hawaiian Electric s consolidated net income. 
 Enterprise Resource Planning/Enterprise Asset Management (ERP/EAM) implementation project. The ERP/EAM Implementation Project went live in October 2018. Hawaii Electric Light and Hawaiian Electric began to incorporate their portion of the deferred project costs in rate base and started the amortization over a -year period in January 2020 and November 2020, respectively. The PUC required a minimum of million ERP/EAM project-related benefit to be delivered to customers over the system s -year service life. 
 In February 2019, the PUC approved a methodology for passing the future cost saving benefits of the new ERP/EAM system to customers developed by the Utilities in collaboration with the Consumer Advocate. The Utilities filed a benefits clarification document on June 10, 2019, reflecting million in future net O M expense reductions and cost avoidance, and million in capital cost reductions and tax savings over the -year service life. To the extent the reduction in O M expense 
 114 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued) 

 million million for Hawaiian Electric, million for Hawaii Electric Light and million for Maui Electric) for the O M expense savings that are being amortized or to be included in future rates. As part of the settlement agreement approved in the Hawaiian Electric 2020 test year rate case, the regulatory liability for Hawaiian Electric will be amortized over , beginning in November 2020, and the O M benefits for Hawaiian Electric was considered flowed through to customers. 
 On July 7, 2021, the PUC issued an order modifying the reporting frequency of the Semi-Annual Enterprise System Benefits (SAESB) reports to an Annual Enterprise System Benefits (AESB) report on the achieved benefits savings. The most recent AESB report was filed on February 14, 2023 for the period January 1 through December 31, 2022. 
 West Loch PV Project. In November 2019, Hawaiian Electric placed into service a -MW (ac) utility-owned and operated renewable and dispatchable solar facility on property owned by the Department of the Navy. PUC orders resulted in a project cost cap of million (including a cap of million for the in-kind work performed in exchange for use of the Navy property) with capital cost recovery approved under Major Project Interim Recovery (MPIR) (See Performance-based regulation framework section below for MPIR guidelines and cost recovery discussion.) Project costs incurred as of December 31, 2022 amounted to million and generated million and million in federal and state nonrefundable tax credits, respectively. For book and regulatory purposes, the tax credits are being deferred and amortized, starting in 2020, over years and years for federal and state credits, respectively. In June 2022, the in-kind consideration services were completed and fully accepted by the Navy as partial consideration in lieu of rent payment. Satisfaction of the full-term rent requires on-going compliance with all terms of the lease, which, among other things, includes provision of contingent power upon written notice of the Department of the Navy. Hawaiian Electric accounted for the arrangement as a lease, recording million as right-of-use asset with no lease liability and will amortize the right-of-use asset over the remaining term of the lease ending June 30, 2054. 
 Waena Switchyard/Synchronous Condenser Project. In October 2020, to support efforts to increase renewable energy generation and reduce fossil fuel consumption by deactivating current generating units, Maui Electric filed a PUC application to construct a switchyard, which includes the extension of kV transmission lines and the relocation of another kV transmission line; and the conversion of generating units to synchronous condensers at Kahului Power Plant in central Maui. In November 2021, the PUC approved Maui Electric s request to commit funds estimated at million for the project, and to recover capital expenditures for the project under Exceptional Project Recovery Mechanism (EPRM) not to exceed million, which shall be further reduced to reflect the total project cost exclusive of overhead costs not directly attributable to the project. The Waena Switchyard project is expected to be placed in service in the third quarter of 2023, while the conversion of the generating units will be performed after the retirement of Kahului Power Plant Units 3 and 4. 
 In approving the project, the PUC recognized that the project will facilitate the ability to accommodate increased renewable energy, as contemplated under the EPRM guidelines. As of December 31, 2022, million has been incurred for the project. 
 Environmental regulation . The Utilities are subject to environmental laws and regulations that regulate the operation of existing facilities, the construction and operation of new facilities and the proper cleanup and disposal of hazardous waste and toxic substances. 
 Hawaiian Electric, Hawaii Electric Light and Maui Electric, like other utilities, periodically encounter petroleum or other chemical releases associated with current or previous operations. The Utilities report and take action on these releases when and as required by applicable law and regulations. The Utilities believe the costs of responding to such releases identified to date will not have a material effect, individually or in the aggregate, on Hawaiian Electric s consolidated results of operations, financial condition or liquidity. 
 Former Molokai Electric Company generation site . In 1989, Maui Electric acquired Molokai Electric Company. Molokai Electric Company had sold its former generation site (Site) in 1983 but continued to operate at the Site under a lease until 1985 and left the property in 1987. The federal Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) has since identified environmental impacts in the subsurface soil at the Site. In cooperation with the DOH and EPA, Maui Electric further investigated the Site and the adjacent parcel to determine the extent of impacts of polychlorinated biphenyls (PCBs), residual fuel oils and other subsurface contaminants. Maui Electric has a reserve balance of million as of December 31, 2022, representing the probable and reasonably estimable undiscounted cost for remediation of the Site and the adjacent parcel based on presently available information; however, final costs of remediation will depend on the cleanup approach implemented. 
 Additionally, on November 24, 2021, the current landowners of the Site, Misaki s, Inc., filed a lawsuit against Hawaiian Electric (as alleged successor in interest to Molokai Electric, the prior owner of the Site) in the Circuit Court of the Second Circuit of the State of Hawaii (removed to the U.S. District Court for the District of Hawaii). The complaint which was subsequently amended to include Maui Electric, alleges that Hawaiian Electric is responsible for remediation of the Site based 
 115 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued) 

 recorded by Hawaiian Electric to address the PCB contamination was million. The reserve balance represents the probable and reasonably estimable undiscounted cost for the onshore and offshore investigation and remediation. The final remediation costs will depend on the actual onshore and offshore cleanup costs. 
 Asset retirement obligations . Asset retirement obligations (AROs) represent legal obligations associated with the retirement of certain tangible long-lived assets, are measured as the present value of the projected costs for the future retirement of specific assets and are recognized in the period in which the liability is incurred if a reasonable estimate of fair value can be made. The Utilities recognition of AROs have impact on their earnings. The cost of the AROs is recovered over the life of the asset through depreciation. AROs recognized by the Utilities relate to legal obligations associated with the retirement of plant and equipment, including removal of asbestos and other hazardous materials. 
 The Utilities recorded AROs related to: 1) the removal of retired generating units, certain types of transformers and underground storage tanks; 2) the abandonment of fuel pipelines, underground injection and supply wells; and 3) the removal of equipment and restoration of leased land used in connection with Utility-owned renewable and dispatchable generation facilities. 
 Accretion expense Liabilities incurred Liabilities settled ) ) Balance, December 31 
 The Utilities have not recorded AROs for assets that are expected to operate indefinitely or where the Utilities cannot estimate a settlement date (or range of potential settlement dates). As such, ARO liabilities are not recorded for certain asset retirement activities, including various Utilities-owned generating facilities and certain electric transmission, distribution and telecommunications assets resulting from easements over property not owned by the Utilities. 
 Regulatory proceedings . 
 Decoupling . Decoupling is a regulatory model that is intended to provide the Utilities with financial stability and facilitate meeting the State of Hawaii s goals to transition to a clean energy economy and achieve an aggressive renewable portfolio standard. Decoupling delinks the utility s revenues from the utility s sales, removing the disincentive to promote energy efficiency and accept more renewable energy. Decoupling continues under the PBR Framework. 
 Performance-based regulation framework. On December 23, 2020, the PUC issued a decision and order (PBR D O) establishing the PBR Framework to govern the Utilities. The PBR Framework incorporates an annual revenue adjustment (ARA) and a suite of new regulatory mechanisms in addition to previously established regulatory mechanisms. Under the PBR Framework, the decoupling mechanism (i.e., the Revenue Balancing Account (RBA)) established by the previous regulatory framework will continue. The existing cost recovery mechanisms will continue as currently implemented (e.g., the Energy Cost Recovery Clause, Purchased Power Adjustment Clause (PPAC), Demand-Side Management surcharge, Renewable Energy Infrastructure Program, Demand Response Adjustment Clause, Pension and Other Post-Employment Benefits (OPEB) tracking mechanisms). In addition to annual revenues provided by the ARA, the Utilities may seek relief for extraordinary projects or programs through the Exceptional Project Recovery Mechanism (EPRM) (formerly known as the Major Project Interim Recovery adjustment mechanism) and earn financial rewards for exemplary performance as provided through a portfolio of 
 116 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued) 

 PIMs and other mechanisms to address identified areas of concern. of the staff proposed PIMs were designed as penalty-only. The June 2022 D O approved new PIMs, a new SSM, and extended the timeframe for an existing PIM. Of the new PIMs, only is penalty-only. Specifically, the PUC approved (1) a new (penalty-only) generation-caused interruption reliability PIM, (2) a new (penalty/reward) interconnection requirements study (IRS) PIM, (3) a new (reward-only) Collective Shared Savings Mechanism (CSSM), and (4) a modification and extension of the existing interim (reward-only) Grid Services PIM. On November 23, 2022, the PUC approved the Utilities proposed tariffs to implement the aforementioned PIMs with an effective date of January 1, 2023. 
 In addition, the June 2022 D O instructed the Utilities to prepare and submit: a detailed fossil fuel retirement report (FF Retirement Report) outlining necessary steps to safely and reliably retire certain existing fossil fuel power plants during the first multi-year rate period (MRP); and a functional integration plan (FIP) for distributed energy resources (DER) to increase transparency into the Utilities plans and progress for utilizing cost-effective grid services from DERs and ensure that the necessary functionalities and requisite technologies are in place to do so. The PUC also instructed the PBR Working Group to continue its ongoing collaborative efforts to consider other potential new incentive mechanisms and to address other issues raised during the proceeding. On November 29, 2022, the PUC held a PBR Working Group Meeting to discuss next steps supporting future efforts. 
 In accordance with the June 2022 D O, the Utilities filed their FIP and FF Retirement Report with the PUC on September 30, 2022 and October 14, 2022, respectively. 
 Revenue adjustment mechanism . Prior to the implementation of the PBR Framework, the revenue adjustment mechanism (RAM) was a major component of the previously established regulatory framework. The RAM was based on the lesser of: a) an inflationary adjustment for certain O M expenses and return on investment for certain rate base changes, or b) cumulative annual compounded increase in Gross Domestic Product Price Index applied to annualized target revenues (the RAM Cap). Under the PBR Framework, the ARA mechanism replaced the RAM, and became effective on June 1, 2021. RAM revenue adjustments approved by the PUC in 2020 will continue to be included in the RBA provision s target revenue and RBA rate adjustment unless modified with PUC approval. 
 Annual revenue adjustment mechanism . The PBR Framework established a MRP during which there will be no general rate cases. Target revenues will be adjusted according to an index-driven ARA based on (i) an inflation factor, (ii) a predetermined X-factor to encompass productivity, which is set at zero, (iii) a Z-factor to account for exceptional circumstances not in the Utilities control and (iv) a customer dividend consisting of a negative adjustment of of adjusted revenue requirements compounded annually and a flow through of the pre-PBR savings commitment from the management audit recommendations developed in a prior docket at a rate of million per year from 2021 to 2025. The implementation of the ARA occurred on June 1, 2021. 
 Earnings sharing mechanism . The PBR Framework established a symmetrical ESM for achieved rate-making ROACE outside of a basis points dead band above or below the current authorized ROACE of for each of each of the Utilities. There is a /50 sharing between customers and Utilities for the achieved rate-making ROACE falling within basis points outside of the dead band in either direction, and a /10 sharing for any further difference. A reopening or review of the PBR terms will be triggered if the Utilities credit rating outlook indicates a potential credit downgrade below investment grade status, or if its achieved rate-making ROACE enters the outer most tier of the ESM. 
 Exceptional project recovery mechanism . Prior to the implementation of the PBR Framework, the PUC established the Major Project Interim Recovery (MPIR) adjustment mechanism and MPIR Guidelines. The MPIR mechanism provides the opportunity to recover revenues for net costs of approved eligible projects placed in service between general rate cases. In establishing the PBR Framework, the MPIR Guidelines were terminated and replaced with the EPRM Guidelines. Although the MPIR Guidelines were terminated and replaced by the EPRM Guidelines, the MPIR mechanism will continue within the PBR Framework to provide recovery of project costs previously approved for recovery under the MPIR. The established EPRM Guidelines permit the Utilities to include the full amount of approved costs in the EPRM for recovery in the first year the project goes into service, pro-rated for the portion of the year the project is in service. Deferred and O M expense projects are 
 117 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued) 

 million, including revenue taxes, for the Schofield Generating Station million), West Loch PV Project million), Grid Modernization Strategy (GMS) Phase 1 project million for all three utilities) and Waiawa UFLS project million) that included the 2022 return on project amount (based on approved amounts) in rate base, depreciation and incremental O M expenses. The PUC approved the Utilities recovery of the annualized 2022 MPIR amounts for the Schofield Generating Station, West Loch PV, and GMS Phase 1 projects effective June 1, 2022 through the RBA rate adjustment. Recovery of the incremental change to the West Loch PV project and Waiawa UFLS project were approved on December 7, 2022 and December 5, 2022, respectively. 
 As of December 31, 2022, the PUC approved EPRM applications for projects totaling million to the extent that the project costs are not included in rates. Currently, the Utilities have outstanding applications seeking EPRM recovery for projects with total project costs of million, subject to PUC approval. 
 Pilot process . As part of the PBR Framework, the PUC approved a Pilot Process to foster innovation by establishing an expedited implementation process for pilots that test new technologies, programs, business models, and other arrangements. Under the Pilot Process, the Utilities submit specific pilot proposals (Pilot Notices) that are within the scope of the approved Workplan to the PUC for their expedited review. The PUC will strive to issue an order addressing a proposed pilot within days of the filing date of a Pilot Notice. If the PUC does not take affirmative action on a Pilot Notice by the end of the -day period, the Pilot Notice shall be considered approved as submitted. The PUC may modify the pilot as originally proposed, and the Utilities shall have days to notify the PUC whether the Utilities accept the modification, propose further modification, or withdraw the Pilot Notice. The PUC may also, where necessary, suspend the Pilot Notice for further investigation. 
 The approved Pilot Process includes a cost recovery process that generally allows the Utilities to defer and recover total annual expenditures of approved pilot projects, subject to an annual cap of million, over twelve months beginning June 1 of the year following pilot implementation through the RBA rate adjustment, although the PUC may determine on a case-by-case basis that a particular project s deferred costs should be amortized over a period greater than twelve months 
 On February 28, 2022, the Utilities filed their first annual Pilot Update report covering pilot projects that were approved and initiated prior to the commencement of the newly instituted Pilot Process. The Pilot Update reported on approximately million of 2021 deferred costs which was incorporated in the Utilities adjustments to target revenue in the 2022 spring revenue report. The PUC approved the Utilities recovery of the 2021 Pilot amounts effective June 1, 2022 through the RBA rate adjustment. 
 On October 26, 2022, the Utilities filed a Pilot Notice to commence a Clearinghouse Pilot project in January 2023, to establish a cloud-based data analytics clearinghouse repository. On December 8, 2022, the PUC approved the Utilities Clearinghouse Pilot project. 
 Performance incentive mechanisms . The PUC has established the following PIMs and SSMs: (1) Service Quality performance incentives, (2) Phase 1 Request for proposal (RFP) PIM for procurement of low-cost renewable energy, (3) Phase 2 RFP PIMs for generation and generation plus storage project, and Grid Services and standalone storage, (4) new PIMs established in the PBR D O and (5) new PIMs and a SSM established in the June 2022 D O. 
 Service Quality performance incentives (ongoing). Service Quality performance incentives are measured on a calendar-year basis. The PIM tariff requires the performance targets, deadbands and the amount of maximum financial incentives used to determine the PIM financial incentive levels for each of the PIMs to remain constant in interim periods, unless otherwise amended by order of the PUC. 
 Service Reliability Performance measured by Transmission and Distribution-caused System Average Interruption Duration and Frequency Indexes (penalties only). Target performance is based on each utility s historical -year average performance with a deadband of one standard deviation. The maximum penalty for each performance index is basis points applied to the common equity share of each respective utility s approved rate base (or maximum penalties of approximately million - for both indices in total for the three utilities). For the 2022 evaluation period, the Utilities accrued million in estimated penalties. 
 Call Center Performance measured by the percentage of calls answered within 30 seconds. Target performance is based on the annual average performance for each utility for the most recent 8 quarters with a deadband of above and below the target. The maximum penalty or reward is basis points applied to the common equity share of each respective utility s approved rate base (or maximum penalties or rewards of approximately million - in total for the three utilities). 
 118 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued) 

 PPAs approved in 2019, the Utilities recognized million in 2019 with the remaining award to be recognized in the year following the in-service date of the projects, which is estimated to occur from 2023 to 2025. 
 Phase 2 RFP PIMs. The PUC order issued on October 9, 2019 establishes pricing thresholds, timelines to complete contracting, and other performance criteria for the performance incentive eligibility. The PIMs provide incentives only without penalties. On July 9, 2020, the Utilities filed Grid Services Purchase Agreements (GSPA) for the Grid Service RFP that potentially qualify for a demand response PIM; however, details of the incentive metrics will be determined by the PUC. On September 15, 2020, the Utilities filed one PPA that qualified for a PIM incentive and on February 16, 2021, the Utilities filed additional PPA that qualified for a declining PIM incentive. The PUC approved PPAs in September 2021 and November 2021, and GSPAs on December 31, 2020. Based on the approved PPAs, the Utilities recognized million in rewards in 2021. 
 The PUC previously established the following PIMs in its PBR D O, which were approved in an order issued on March 23, 2021 and became effective on June 1, 2021. In its June 2022 D O, the PUC modified and extended the Grid Services PIM. 
 Renewable portfolio standard (RPS)-A PIM that provides a financial reward for accelerating the achievement of RPS goals. The Utilities may earn a reward for the amount of system generation above the interpolated statutory RPS goal at /MWh in 2021 and 2022, /MWh in 2023, and /MWh for the remainder of the MRP. Penalties are already prescribed in the RPS as /MWh for failing to meet RPS targets in 2030, 2040 and 2045. The evaluation period commenced on January 1, 2021. 
 Grid Services PIM that provides financial rewards on a /kW basis for the acquisition of eligible grid services. The eligibility period for this PIM initially commenced on January 1, 2021 and was scheduled to end on December 31, 2022. However, the June 2022 D O extended the eligibility period for this PIM through December 31, 2023. The June 2022 D O also increased the incentive rate for the acquisition of load reduction grid services. During the PIM performance period, newly acquired committed capacity in the Oahu Scheduled Dispatch Program (SDP), the Oahu Fast DR program (up to the 7 MW cap), and the Maui SDP program shall qualify for the incentive. The Utilities can earn a maximum reward of million from 2021 through 2023. In 2022, the Utilities accrued million in estimated rewards. 
 The PUC also previously established the following three PIMs in its PBR D O, which were approved by the PUC on May 17, 2021 and became effective on June 1, 2021. 
 Interconnection Approval PIM that provides financial rewards and penalties for interconnection times for DER systems 119 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued) 

 with an asymmetrical deadband of for penalties and no deadband for rewards. The maximum penalty and reward will depend on the specifics of the upcoming procurement. 
 A CSSM to incentivize cost control over the Utilities fuel, purchased power, and EPRM/MPIR costs (collectively, non-ARA costs). This is a reward only incentive where the Utilities retain share of savings when non-ARA costs in a performance year are lower than target year non-ARA costs, which are adjusted for changes in fuel prices, inflation, and system generation from a base year (calendar year 2021). The CSSM does not have a potential penalty and does not have a cap for maximum reward. 
 For the 2022 evaluation period, the Utilities accrued million million for Hawaiian Electric, million for Hawaii Electric Light and million for Maui Electric) in estimated rewards net of penalties. The net rewards related to 2022 will be reflected in the 2023 PIMs annual report and 2023 spring revenue report filings with the exception of the LMI Energy Efficiency PIM that is pending verification of data by the PUC s third-party evaluator. 
 Annual review cycle . PBR D O established an annual review cycle for revenue adjustments under the PBR Framework, including the biannual submission of the revenue reports. The Utilities fall revenue report filed on October 31, 2022 was approved by the PUC on December 16, 2022. Management Audit savings commitment ) ) ) ) Net 2023 ARA revenues 
 
 Annual change in accrued RBA balance through September 30, 2022 (and associated revenue taxes) ) ) ) ) Incremental Performance Incentive Mechanisms (net) 
 ) ) Incremental EPRM/MPIR Revenue Adjustment Net incremental amount to be collected under the RBA rate tariffs ) 
 Note: Columns may not foot due to rounding. 
 Regulatory assets for COVID-19 related costs . On May 4, 2020, the PUC issued an order, authorizing all utilities, including the Utilities, to establish regulatory assets to record costs resulting from the suspension of disconnections of service during the pendency of the Governor s Emergency Proclamation and until otherwise ordered by the PUC. In future proceedings, the PUC will consider the reasonableness of the costs, the appropriate period of recovery, any amount of carrying costs thereon, and any savings directly attributable to suspension of disconnects, and other related matters. As part of the order, the PUC prohibits the Utilities from charging late payment fees on past due payments. As the moratorium on customer disconnections ended on May 31, 2021, the Utilities have resumed charging late payment fees in July 2021. Pursuant to PUC orders, the deferral of COVID-19 related costs by the Utilities ended on December 31, 2020. On October 1, 2021, the PUC approved the Utilities request to extend the deferral period to December 31, 2021. In December 2021, to keep customers connected and provide some relief to customers experiencing financial difficulty during the pandemic, the Utilities committed to issuing million in bill credits to qualified customers. The Utilities will not seek recovery for the issued bill credits resulting in a reduction to the cumulative deferred costs. On June 9, 2022, the Utilities filed an application with the PUC, requesting recovery of a portion of the COVID-19 related deferral costs, net of cost savings realized, not to exceed the amount of million over , from June 2023 through May 2026. Annual requests will be limited to actual costs incurred. As of December 31, 2022, the Utilities have recorded million in regulatory assets for deferral of COVID-19 related costs. The updated amounts have been reflected in the Utilities Supplemental Response to the PUC filed on January 12, 2023. On January 25, 2023, the PUC issued an order to modify the procedural schedule to allow more time for more discovery and consideration of the application. 
 
 120 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued) 

 -year contract with the U.S. Army to own, operate and maintain the electric distribution system serving the U.S. Army s installations on Oahu, including Schofield Barracks, Wheeler Army Airfield, Tripler Army Medical Center, Fort Shafter, and Army housing areas. On March 1, 2022, Hawaiian Electric acquired the Army s existing distribution system for a purchase price of million, and will pay the Army in the form of a monthly credit against the monthly utility services charge over the -year term of the contract. The acquisition of additional assets contemplated in the contract, with an estimated value of million, is planned for 2024. 
 Hawaiian Electric took ownership and all responsibilities for operation and maintenance of the system on March 1, 2022 for a -year term after a transition period. Under the contract, Hawaiian Electric will make initial capital upgrades over the first of the contract and replace aging infrastructure over the -year term. In addition to its regular monthly electricity bill, the Army will pay Hawaiian Electric a monthly utility services charge to cover operations and maintenance expenses and provide recovery for capital upgrades, capital replacements, and the existing distribution system based on a rate of return determined by the PUC for regulated utility investments, as well as depreciation expense. The PUC requires Hawaiian Electric to file regular periodic reports on the activities and investments in fulfillment of the contract and will review the major projects planned on behalf of the Army. The annual impact on Hawaiian Electric s earnings is not expected to be material and will depend on a number of factors, including the amount and timing of capital upgrades and capital replacement. 
 Consolidating financial information . Consolidating financial information for Hawaiian Electric and its subsidiaries are presented for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, and as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. 
 Hawaiian Electric unconditionally guarantees Hawaii Electric Light s and Maui Electric s obligations (a) to the State of Hawaii for the repayment of principal and interest on Special Purpose Revenue Bonds issued for the benefit of Hawaii Electric Light and Maui Electric and (b) under their respective private placement note agreements and the Hawaii Electric Light notes and Maui Electric notes issued thereunder. Hawaiian Electric is also obligated, after the satisfaction of its obligations on its own preferred stock, to make dividend, redemption and liquidation payments on Hawaii Electric Light s and Maui Electric s preferred stock if the respective subsidiary is unable to make such payments. 
 121 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued) 

 ) [1] Expenses Fuel oil Purchased power Other operation and maintenance Depreciation Taxes, other than income taxes Total expenses Operating income ) Allowance for equity funds used during construction Equity in earnings of subsidiaries ) [2] Retirement defined benefits credit (expense) other than service costs ) Interest expense and other charges, net ) ) ) [1] ) Allowance for borrowed funds used during construction Income before income taxes ) Income taxes Net income ) Preferred stock dividends of subsidiaries Net income attributable to Hawaiian Electric ) Preferred stock dividends of Hawaiian Electric 
 Net income for common stock ) 
 
 ) Other comprehensive income (loss), net of taxes: 
 Retirement benefit plans: Net gains arising during the period, net of taxes ) [1] Adjustment for amortization of prior service credit and net losses recognized during the period in net periodic benefit cost, net of taxes ) [1] Reclassification adjustment for impact of D Os of the PUC included in regulatory assets, net of taxes ) ) ) [1] ) Other comprehensive income, net of taxes ) Comprehensive income attributable to common shareholder 
 ) 
 
 122 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued) 

 ) [1] Expenses Fuel oil Purchased power Other operation and maintenance Depreciation Taxes, other than income taxes Total expenses Operating income ) Allowance for equity funds used during construction 
 Equity in earnings of subsidiaries ) [2] Retirement defined benefits credit (expense) other than service costs ) Interest expense and other charges, net ) ) ) [1] ) Allowance for borrowed funds used during construction Income before income taxes ) Income taxes Net income ) Preferred stock dividends of subsidiaries Net income attributable to Hawaiian Electric ) Preferred stock dividends of Hawaiian Electric Net income for common stock ) 
 
 ) Other comprehensive income (loss), net of taxes: 
 Retirement benefit plans: Net losses arising during the period, net of tax benefits ) [1] Adjustment for amortization of prior service credit and net losses recognized during the period in net periodic benefit cost, net of taxes ) [1] Reclassification adjustment for impact of D Os of the PUC included in regulatory assets, net of taxes 
 ) ) ) [1] ) Other comprehensive income (loss), net of tax benefits ) ) ) Comprehensive income attributable to common shareholder 
 ) 
 123 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued) 

 ) [1] Expenses Fuel oil Purchased power Other operation and maintenance Depreciation Taxes, other than income taxes Total expenses Operating income ) Allowance for equity funds used 
 during construction 
 Equity in earnings of subsidiaries ) [2] Retirement defined benefits credit (expense) other than service costs ) ) ) Interest expense and other charges, net ) ) ) [1] ) Allowance for borrowed funds used during construction 
 Income before income taxes ) Income taxes Net income ) Preferred stock dividends of subsidiaries Net income attributable to Hawaiian Electric 
 ) Preferred stock dividends of Hawaiian Electric Net income for common stock ) 
 
 ) Other comprehensive income (loss), net of taxes: 
 Retirement benefit plans: Net gains (losses) arising during the period, net of taxes ) ) ) [1] ) Adjustment for amortization of prior service credit and net losses recognized during the period in net periodic benefit cost, net of taxes ) [1] Reclassification adjustment for impact of D Os of the PUC included in regulatory assets, net of taxes 
 ) [1] Other comprehensive loss, net of tax benefits ) ) ) ) Comprehensive income attributable to common shareholder 
 ) 
 124 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued) 

 Plant and equipment Finance lease right-of-use assets Less accumulated depreciation ) ) ) ) Construction in progress Utility property, plant and equipment, net Nonutility property, plant and equipment, less accumulated depreciation 
 Total property, plant and equipment, net Investment in wholly-owned subsidiaries, at equity 
 ) [2] Current assets Cash and cash equivalents Advances to affiliates ) [1] Customer accounts receivable, net 
 Accrued unbilled revenues, net Other accounts receivable, net ) [1] Fuel oil stock, at average cost Materials and supplies, at average cost 
 Prepayments and other ) [1] Regulatory assets Total current assets ) Other long-term assets Operating lease right-of-use assets Regulatory assets Other ) [1] Total other long-term assets ) Total assets 
 ) Capitalization and liabilities Capitalization Common stock equity ) [2] Cumulative preferred stock not subject to mandatory redemption 
 Long-term debt, net Total capitalization ) Current liabilities Current portion of operating lease liabilities Current portion of long-term debt, net Short-term borrowings-non-affiliate Short-term borrowings-affiliate ) [1] Accounts payable Interest and preferred dividends payable 
 ) [1] Taxes accrued, including revenue taxes ) [1] Regulatory liabilities Other ) [1] Total current liabilities ) Deferred credits and other liabilities Operating lease liabilities Finance lease liabilities Deferred income taxes Regulatory liabilities Unamortized tax credits Defined benefit pension and other postretirement benefit plans liability 
 ) [1] Other Total deferred credits and other liabilities 
 ) Total capitalization and liabilities ) 
 125 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued) 

 Plant and equipment Less accumulated depreciation ) ) ) ) Construction in progress Utility property, plant and equipment, net Nonutility property, plant and equipment, less accumulated depreciation 
 Total property, plant and equipment, net Investment in wholly-owned subsidiaries, at equity 
 ) [2] Current assets Cash and cash equivalents Restricted cash Advances to affiliates ) [1] Customer accounts receivable, net 
 Accrued unbilled revenues, net Other accounts receivable, net ) [1] Fuel oil stock, at average cost Materials and supplies, at average cost 
 Prepayments and other [1] Regulatory assets Total current assets ) Other long-term assets Operating lease right-of-use assets Regulatory assets Other ) [1] Total other long-term assets ) Total assets 
 ) Capitalization and liabilities Capitalization Common stock equity ) [2] Cumulative preferred stock not subject to mandatory redemption 
 Long-term debt, net Total capitalization ) Current liabilities Current portion of operating lease liabilities Current portion of long-term debt Short-term borrowings-affiliate ) [1] Accounts payable Interest and preferred dividends payable 
 ) [1] Taxes accrued, including revenue taxes [1] Regulatory liabilities Other ) [1] Total current liabilities ) Deferred credits and other liabilities Operating lease liabilities Deferred income taxes Regulatory liabilities Unamortized tax credits Defined benefit pension and other postretirement benefit plans liability 
 ) [1] Other ) Total deferred credits and other liabilities 
 ) Total capitalization and liabilities ) 
 126 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued) 

 ) Net income for common stock ) Other comprehensive loss, net of taxes ) ) ) ) Issuance of common stock, net of expenses ) Common stock dividends ) ) ) ) Dissolution of subsidiary ) Balance, December 31, 2020 ) Net income for common stock ) Other comprehensive income (loss), net of taxes ) ) ) Issuance of common stock, net of expenses 
 ) Common stock dividends ) ) ) ) Balance, December 31, 2021 ) Net income for common stock ) Other comprehensive income, net of taxes ) Issuance of common stock, net of expenses 
 ) Common stock dividends ) ) ) ) Balance, December 31, 2022 ) 
 127 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued) 

 ) [2] Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash provided by operating activities Equity in earnings of subsidiaries ) [2] Common stock dividends received from subsidiaries ) [2] Depreciation of property, plant and equipment Other amortization Deferred income taxes ) ) ) ) State refundable credit ) ) ) ) Bad debt expense Allowance for equity funds used during construction ) ) ) ) Other ) ) ) ) Changes in assets and liabilities: Increase in accounts receivable ) ) ) [1] ) Increase in accrued unbilled revenues ) ) ) ) Increase in fuel oil stock ) ) ) ) Increase in materials and supplies ) ) ) ) Decrease in regulatory assets Increase in regulatory liabilities Increase in accounts payable Change in prepaid and accrued income taxes, tax credits and revenue taxes Decrease in defined benefit pension and other postretirement benefit plans liability ) ) ) ) Change in other assets and liabilities ) ) ) [1] ) Net cash provided by operating activities ) Cash flows from investing activities Capital expenditures ) ) ) ) Advances from affiliates ) ) [1] Other ) [1],[2] Net cash used in investing activities ) ) ) ) Cash flows from financing activities Common stock dividends ) ) ) [2] ) Preferred stock dividends of Hawaiian Electric and subsidiaries ) ) ) ) Proceeds from issuance of common stock ) [2] Proceeds from issuance of long-term debt Repayment of long-term debt ) ) ) Net increase (decrease) in short-term borrowings from non-affiliates and affiliate with original maturities of three months or less ) ) [1] Payments of obligations under finance leases ) ) Other ) ) ) ) Net cash provided by (used in) financing activities ) ) ) ) ) Net increase (decrease) in cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash ) ) ) Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash, January 1 Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash, December 31 Less: Restricted cash Cash and cash equivalents, December 31 
 128 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued) 

 ) [2] Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash provided by operating activities 
 Equity in earnings of subsidiaries 
 ) [2] Common stock dividends received from subsidiaries 
 ) [2] Depreciation of property, plant and equipment 
 Other amortization Deferred income taxes 
 ) ) ) State refundable credit 
 ) ) ) ) Bad debt expense Allowance for equity funds used during construction 
 ) ) ) ) Bill credits Other 
 ) Changes in assets and liabilities: Increase in accounts receivable ) ) ) [1] ) Increase in accrued unbilled revenues ) ) ) ) Increase in fuel oil stock ) ) ) ) Decrease (increase) in materials and supplies ) ) ) Decrease (increase) in regulatory assets ) ) Increase (decrease) in regulatory liabilities ) Decrease in accounts payable Change in prepaid and accrued income taxes, tax credits and revenue taxes 
 ) [1] Decrease in defined benefit pension and other postretirement benefit plans liability ) ) ) ) Change in other assets and liabilities 
 ) ) ) ) [1] ) Net cash provided by operating activities 
 ) Cash flows from investing activities 
 Capital expenditures ) ) ) ) Advances from affiliates ) [1] Other ) [1],[2] Net cash used in investing activities ) ) ) ) Cash flows from financing activities Common stock dividends ) ) ) [2] ) Preferred stock dividends of Hawaiian Electric and subsidiaries 
 ) ) ) ) Proceeds from the issuance of common stock 
 ) [2] Proceeds from the issuance of long-term debt 
 Net increase (decrease) in short-term borrowings from non-affiliates and affiliate with original maturities of three months or less ) ) [1] Repayment of short-term debt ) ) Other ) ) ) ) Net cash provided by (used in) financing activities 
 ) Net increase (decrease) in cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash 
 ) ) Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash, January 1 
 Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash, December 31 
 Less: Restricted cash 
 ) ) Cash and cash equivalents, December 31 
 
 129 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued) 

 ) [2] Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash provided by operating activities 
 Equity in earnings of subsidiaries 
 ) [2] Common stock dividends received from subsidiaries 
 ) [2] Depreciation of property, plant and equipment 
 Other amortization Deferred income taxes 
 ) State refundable credit 
 ) ) ) ) Bad debt expense Allowance for equity funds used during construction 
 ) ) ) ) Accrued environmental reserve Other 
 Changes in assets and liabilities: Increase in accounts receivable ) ) ) [1] ) Decrease in accrued unbilled revenues Decrease (increase) in fuel oil stock Increase in materials and supplies ) ) ) ) Decrease (increase) in regulatory assets ) ) Decrease in regulatory liabilities ) ) ) ) Decrease in accounts payable ) ) ) ) Change in prepaid and accrued income taxes, tax credits and revenue taxes 
 ) ) ) [1] ) Decrease in defined benefit pension and other postretirement benefit plans liability ) ) ) ) Change in other assets and liabilities 
 ) ) ) [1] ) Net cash provided by operating activities 
 ) Cash flows from investing activities 
 Capital expenditures ) ) ) ) Advances to affiliates ) [1] Other ) ) [1][2] Net cash used in investing activities ) ) ) ) ) Cash flows from financing activities Common stock dividends ) ) ) [2] ) Preferred stock dividends of Hawaiian Electric and subsidiaries 
 ) ) ) ) Proceeds from the issuance of common stock 
 ) [2] Proceeds from the issuance of long-term debt 
 Repayment of long-term debt and funds transferred for repayment of long-term debt ) ) ) Net increase (decrease) in short-term borrowings from non-affiliates and affiliate with original maturities of three months or less ) ) [1] ) Proceeds from issuance of short-term debt Repayment of short-term debt ) ) Other ) ) ) ) Net cash provided by (used in) financing activities 
 ) Net increase (decrease) in cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash ) ) Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash, January 1 Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash, December 31 
 Less: Restricted cash 
 ) ) Cash and cash equivalents, December 31 
 
 Explanation of consolidating adjustments on consolidating schedules: 
 [1] Eliminations of intercompany receivables and payables and other intercompany transactions 
 [2] Elimination of investment in subsidiaries, carried at equity 
 130 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued) 

 Interest and dividends on investment securities Total interest and dividend income Interest expense Interest on deposit liabilities Interest on other borrowings Total interest expense Net interest income Provision for credit losses ) Net interest income after provision for credit losses Noninterest income Fees from other financial services Fee income on deposit liabilities Fee income on other financial products Bank-owned life insurance Mortgage banking income Gain on sale of real estate Gain on sale of investment securities, net Other income, net ) Total noninterest income Noninterest expense Compensation and employee benefits Occupancy Data processing Services Equipment Office supplies, printing and postage Marketing FDIC insurance Other expense 1 
 Total noninterest expense Income before income taxes Income taxes Net income Other comprehensive income (loss), net of taxes ) ) Comprehensive income (loss) ) 
 1 2020, included approximately million of certain direct and incremental COVID-19 related costs, including million of compensation expense and million of enhanced cleaning and sanitation costs. 
 131 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued) 

 Noninterest income Less: Gain on sale of real estate Less: Gain on sale of investment securities, net Revenues-Bank Total interest expense Provision for credit losses ) Noninterest expense Less: Retirement defined benefits expense (credit) other than service costs ) ) Add: Gain on sale of real estate Expenses-Bank Operating income-Bank Add back: Retirement defined benefits expense (credit) other than service costs ) ) Add back: Gain on sale of investment securities, net Income before income taxes 
 132 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued) 

 Interest-bearing deposits Cash and cash equivalents Investment securities Available-for-sale, at fair value Held-to-maturity, at amortized cost (fair value of and at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively) 
 Stock in Federal Home Loan Bank, at cost Loans held for investment Allowance for credit losses ) ) Net loans Loans held for sale, at lower of cost or fair value Other Goodwill Total assets Liabilities and shareholder s equity Deposit liabilities noninterest-bearing Deposit liabilities interest-bearing Other borrowings Other Total liabilities Commitments and contingencies Common stock Additional paid in capital Retained earnings Accumulated other comprehensive loss, net of tax benefits Net unrealized losses on securities ) ) Retirement benefit plans ) ) ) ) Total shareholder s equity Total liabilities and shareholder s equity 
 December 31 2022 2021 (in thousands) Other assets Bank-owned life insurance Premises and equipment, net Accrued interest receivable Mortgage servicing rights Low-income housing investments Deferred tax asset Real estate acquired in settlement of loans, net Other Other liabilities Accrued expenses Federal income taxes payable Cashier s checks Advance payments by borrowers Other 
 133 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued) 

) ) ) Mortgage-backed securities ) ) ) Corporate bonds 
 ) ) ) Mortgage revenue bonds 
 ) ) ) Held-to-maturity U.S. Treasury and federal agency obligations ) ) ) Mortgage-backed securities ) ) ) ) ) ) December 31, 2021 Available-for-sale U.S. Treasury and federal agency obligations 
 ) ) Mortgage-backed securities ) ) ) Corporate bonds 
 ) ) Mortgage revenue bonds ) ) ) Held-to-maturity U.S. Treasury and federal agency obligations ) ) Mortgage-backed securities ) ) ) ) ) ) 
 Issued or guaranteed by U.S. Government agencies or sponsored agencies 
 ASB does not believe that the investment securities that were in an unrealized loss position as of December 31, 2022, represent a credit loss. Total gross unrealized losses were primarily attributable to change in market conditions. On a quarterly basis the investment securities are evaluated for changes in financial condition of the issuer. Based upon ASB s evaluation, all securities held within the investment portfolio continue to be rated investment grade by one or more agencies. The contractual cash flows of the U.S. Treasury, federal agency obligations and agency mortgage-backed securities are backed by the full faith and credit guaranty of the United States government or an agency of the government. ASB does not intend to sell the securities before the recovery of its amortized cost basis and there have been no adverse changes in the timing of the contractual cash flows for the securities. ASB s investment securities portfolio did not require an allowance for credit losses as of December 31, 2022. 
 U.S. Treasury, federal agency obligations, corporate bonds, and mortgage revenue bonds have contractual terms to maturity. Mortgage-backed securities have contractual terms to maturity, but require periodic payments to reduce principal. In addition, expected maturities will differ from contractual maturities because borrowers have the right to prepay the underlying mortgages. 
 134 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued) 

 Due after one year through five years Due after five years through ten years Due after ten years Mortgage-backed securities issued or guaranteed by U.S. Government agencies or sponsored agencies 
 Total available-for-sale securities Held-to-maturity Due in one year or less Due after one year through five years Due after five years through ten years Due after ten years Mortgage-backed securities issued or guaranteed by U.S. Government agencies or sponsored agencies 
 Total held-to-maturity securities 
 Gross gains Gross losses ) Tax expense on realized gains 
 Non-taxable 
 ASB pledged securities with a market value of approximately million and million as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, as collateral for public funds and other deposits, mortgage pipeline hedge margin, automated clearinghouse transactions, the Federal Reserve Bank of San Francisco discount window and bankruptcy account, and the Federal Home Loan Bank of Des Moines advance line. In addition, ASB pledged securities with a market value of million and million as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, as collateral for securities sold under agreements to repurchase. 
 Transfer of available-for-sale securities to held-to-maturity . In October 2022, ASB transferred available-for-sale investment securities with a fair value of million to the held-to-maturity category. On the date of transfer, these securities had a total unrealized loss of million. There was no impact to net income as a result of the transfer. 
 These transfers were executed to mitigate the potential future impact to capital through accumulated other comprehensive loss and the impact of rising rates on the market value of the investment securities. ASB believes that it maintains sufficient liquidity for future business needs and it has the positive intent and ability to hold these securities to maturity. 
 Stock in FHLB . As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, ASB s stock in FHLB was carried at cost million and million, respectively) because it can only be redeemed at par and it is a required investment based on measurements of ASB s capital, assets and borrowing levels. 
 135 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued) 

Commercial real estate Home equity line of credit Residential land Commercial construction Residential construction Total real estate Commercial Consumer Total loans Less: Deferred fees and discounts ) ) Allowance for credit losses ) ) Total loans, net 
 ASB s policy is to require private mortgage insurance on all real estate loans when the loan-to-value ratio of the property exceeds of the lower of the appraised value or purchase price at origination. For non-owner occupied residential property purchases, the loan-to-value ratio may not exceed of the lower of the appraised value or purchase price at origination. 
 ASB services real estate loans for investors (principal balance of billion, billion and billion as of December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively), which are not included in the accompanying balance sheets data. ASB reports fees earned for servicing such loans as income when the related mortgage loan payments are collected and charges loan servicing cost to expense as incurred. 
 As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, ASB had pledged loans with an amortized cost of approximately billion and billion, respectively, as collateral to secure advances from the FHLB. 
 As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the aggregate amount of loans to directors and executive officers of ASB and its affiliates and any related interests (as defined in Federal Reserve Board (FRB) Regulation O) of such individuals, was million and million, respectively. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, there was a loan to a related interest of a director of ASB for million. The loan was made at ASB s normal credit terms. 
 136 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued) 

 Charge-offs ) ) ) ) Recoveries Net (charge-offs) recoveries ) ) Provision ) ) ) ) ) Ending balance Average loans outstanding Net charge-offs (recoveries) to average loans December 31, 2021 Allowance for credit losses: Beginning balance Charge-offs ) ) ) ) ) Recoveries Net (charge-offs) recoveries ) ) ) Provision ) ) ) ) ) ) ) Ending balance Average loans outstanding Net charge-offs (recoveries) to average loans December 31, 2020 Allowance for credit losses: Beginning balance, prior to adoption of ASU No. 2016-13 Impact of adopting ASU No. 2016-13 ) ) Charge-offs ) ) ) ) ) ) Recoveries Net (charge-offs) recoveries ) ) ) ) ) Provision ) ) Ending balance Average loans outstanding Net charge-offs (recoveries) to average loans ) 
 
 137 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued) 

Provision ) ) Ending balance Year ended December 31, 2021 Allowance for loan commitments: Beginning balance Provision ) Ending balance Year ended December 31, 2020 Allowance for loan commitments: Beginning balance, prior to adoption of ASU No. 2016-13 Impact of adopting ASU No. 2016-13 ) ) Provision Ending balance 
 Credit quality . ASB performs an internal loan review and grading on an ongoing basis. The review provides management with periodic information as to the quality of the loan portfolio and effectiveness of its lending policies and procedures. The objectives of the loan review and grading procedures are to identify, in a timely manner, existing or emerging credit trends so that appropriate steps can be initiated to manage risk and avoid or minimize future losses. Loans subject to grading include commercial, commercial real estate and commercial construction loans. 
 Each commercial and commercial real estate loan is assigned an Asset Quality Rating (AQR) reflecting the likelihood of repayment or orderly liquidation of that loan transaction pursuant to regulatory credit classifications: Pass, Special Mention, Substandard, Doubtful, and Loss. The AQR is a function of the probability of default model rating, the loss given default, and possible non-model factors which impact the ultimate collectability of the loan such as character of the business owner/guarantor, interim period performance, litigation, tax liens and major changes in business and economic conditions. Pass exposures generally are well protected by the current net worth and paying capacity of the obligor or by the value of the asset or underlying collateral. Special Mention loans have potential weaknesses that, if left uncorrected, could jeopardize the liquidation of the debt. Substandard loans have well-defined weaknesses that jeopardize the liquidation of the debt and are characterized by the distinct possibility that ASB may sustain some loss. An asset classified Doubtful has the weaknesses of those classified Substandard, with the added characteristic that the weaknesses make collection or liquidation in full, on the basis of currently existing facts, conditions, and values, highly questionable and improbable. An asset classified Loss is considered uncollectible and has such little value that its continuance as a bankable asset is not warranted. 
 138 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued) 

 30-59 days past due 60-89 days past due Greater than 89 days past due Home equity line of credit Current 30-59 days past due 60-89 days past due Greater than 89 days past due Residential land Current 30-59 days past due 60-89 days past due Greater than 89 days past due Residential construction Current 30-59 days past due 60-89 days past due Greater than 89 days past due Consumer Current 30-59 days past due 60-89 days past due Greater than 89 days past due Commercial real estate Pass Special Mention Substandard Doubtful Commercial construction Pass Special Mention Substandard Doubtful Commercial Pass Special Mention Substandard Doubtful Total loans 
 139 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued) 

 30-59 days past due 60-89 days past due Greater than 89 days past due Home equity line of credit Current 30-59 days past due 60-89 days past due Greater than 89 days past due Residential land Current 30-59 days past due 60-89 days past due Greater than 89 days past due Residential construction Current 30-59 days past due 60-89 days past due Greater than 89 days past due Consumer Current 30-59 days past due 60-89 days past due Greater than 89 days past due Commercial real estate Pass Special Mention Substandard Doubtful Commercial construction Pass Special Mention Substandard Doubtful Commercial Pass Special Mention Substandard Doubtful Total loans 
 Revolving loans converted to term loans during 2022 in the commercial, home equity line of credit and consumer portfolios were million, million and million, respectively. 
 140 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued) 

 Commercial real estate Home equity line of credit Residential land Commercial construction Residential construction Commercial Consumer Total loans December 31, 2021 Real estate: Residential 1-4 family Commercial real estate Home equity line of credit Residential land Commercial construction Residential construction Commercial Consumer Total loans 
 Commercial real estate Home equity line of credit Residential land Commercial construction Residential construction Commercial Consumer Total 
 141 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued) 

 Commercial real estate Home equity line of credit Residential land Commercial construction Residential construction Commercial Consumer Total troubled debt restructured loans accruing interest 
 ASB did not recognize interest on nonaccrual loans for 2022, 2021 and 2020. 
 Troubled debt restructurings. A loan modification is deemed to be a TDR when the borrower is determined to be experiencing financial difficulties and ASB grants a concession it would not otherwise consider. When a borrower experiencing financial difficulty fails to make a required payment on a loan or is in imminent default, ASB takes a number of steps to improve the collectability of the loan and maximize the likelihood of full repayment. At times, ASB may modify or restructure a loan to help a distressed borrower improve its financial position to eventually be able to fully repay the loan, provided the borrower has demonstrated both the willingness and the ability to fulfill the modified terms. TDR loans are considered an alternative to foreclosure or liquidation with the goal of minimizing losses to ASB and maximizing recovery. 
 ASB may consider various types of concessions in granting a TDR including maturity date extensions, extended amortization of principal, temporary deferral of principal payments, and temporary interest rate reductions. ASB rarely grants principal forgiveness in its TDR modifications. Residential loan modifications generally involve interest rate reduction, extending the amortization period, or capitalizing certain delinquent amounts owed not to exceed the original loan balance. Land loans at origination are typically structured as a term, interest-only monthly payment with a balloon payment due at maturity. Land loan TDR modifications typically involve extending the maturity date up to three years and converting the payments from interest-only to principal and interest monthly, at the same or higher interest rate. Commercial loan modifications generally involve extensions of maturity dates, extending the interest only or amortization period, and temporary deferral or reduction of principal payments. ASB generally does not reduce the interest rate on commercial loan TDR modifications. Occasionally, additional collateral and/or guaranties are obtained. 
 The allowance for credit losses on TDR loans that do not share risk characteristics are individually evaluated based on the present value of expected future cash flows discounted at the loan s effective original contractual rate or based on the fair value of collateral less cost to sell. The financial impact of the estimated loss is an increase to the allowance associated with the modified loan. When available information confirms that specific loans or portions thereof are uncollectible (confirmed losses), these amounts are charged off against the allowance for credit losses. 
 142 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued) 

 Commercial real estate Home equity line of credit Residential land Commercial construction Residential construction Commercial Consumer Year ended December 31, 2021 Real estate: Residential 1-4 family Commercial real estate Home equity line of credit Residential land Commercial construction Residential construction Commercial Consumer Year ended December 31, 2020 Real estate: Residential 1-4 family Commercial real estate Home equity line of credit Residential land Commercial construction Residential construction Commercial Consumer 
 1 The period end balances reflect all paydowns and charge-offs since the modification period. TDRs fully paid off, charged-off, or foreclosed upon by period end are not included. 
 143 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued) 

 days or more in 2022, 2021, and 2020 and for which the payment default occurred within one year of the modification, were as follows: 
 Years ended December 31 2022 2021 2020 (dollars in thousands) Number of contracts Recorded investment Number of contracts Recorded investment Number of contracts Recorded investment Troubled debt restructurings that subsequently defaulted 
 Real estate: Residential 1-4 family Commercial real estate Home equity line of credit Residential land Commercial construction Residential construction Commercial Consumer 
 If a loan modified in a TDR subsequently defaults, ASB evaluates the loan for further impairment. Based on its evaluation, adjustments may be made in the allocation of the allowance or partial charge-offs may be taken to further write-down the carrying value of the loan. Commitments to lend additional funds to borrowers whose loan terms have been modified in a TDR totaled at December 31, 2022 and 2021. 
 The Coronavirus Aid, Relief, and Economic Security Act (CARES Act) provides that a financial institution may elect to suspend the requirements under GAAP for certain loan modifications that would otherwise be categorized as a TDR and any related impairment for accounting purposes. 
 In response to the COVID-19 pandemic, the Board of Governors of the FRB, the FDIC, the National Credit Union Administration, the OCC, and the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau, in consultation with the state financial regulators (collectively, the agencies issued a joint interagency statement (issued March 22, 2020; revised statement issued April 7, 2020). Some of the provisions applicable to the Company include, but are not limited to accounting for loan modifications, past due reporting and nonaccrual status and charge-offs. 
 Loan modifications that do not meet the conditions of the CARES Act may still qualify as a modification that does not need to be accounted for as a TDR. The agencies confirmed with the FASB staff that short-term modifications made on a good faith basis in response to COVID-19 to borrowers who were current prior to any relief are not TDRs. This includes short-term (e.g., six months) modifications such as payment deferrals, fee waivers, extensions of repayment terms, or insignificant delays in payment. Financial institutions are not expected to designate loans with deferrals granted due to COVID-19 as past due because of the deferral. A loan s payment date is governed by the due date stipulated in the legal agreement. If a financial institution agrees to a payment deferral, these loans would not be considered past due during the period of the deferral. Lastly, during short-term COVID-19 modifications, these loans generally should not be reported as nonaccrual or as classified. 
 
 144 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued) 

 Residential real estate property Residential real estate property Commercial real estate Commercial real estate property Home equity line of credit Residential real estate property Residential real estate property Residential land Residential real estate property Total real estate Commercial Business assets Total 
 ASB had million and million of consumer mortgage loans collateralized by residential real estate property that were in the process of foreclosure at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 Mortgage servicing rights (MSRs). In its mortgage banking business, ASB sells residential mortgage loans to government-sponsored entities and other parties, who may issue securities backed by pools of such loans. ASB retains no beneficial interests in these loans other than the servicing rights of certain loans sold. 
 ASB received million, million and million of proceeds from the sale of residential mortgages in 2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively, and recognized gains on such sales of million, million, and million in 2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively. 
 There was repurchased mortgage loan for 2022 and repurchased mortgage loans for 2021 and 2020. The repurchase reserve was million as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. 
 Mortgage servicing fees, a component of other income, net, were million, million and million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively. 
 ) December 31, 2021 ) 

145 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued) 

 Amount capitalized Amortization ) ) ) Sale of mortgage servicing rights Other-than-temporary impairment Carrying amount before valuation allowance, December 31 Valuation allowance for mortgage servicing rights Balance, January 1 Provision ) Other-than-temporary impairment Balance, December 31 Net carrying value of mortgage servicing rights 
 The estimated aggregate amortization expenses of MSRs for 2023, 2024, 2025, 2026 and 2027 are million, million, million, million and million, respectively. 
 ASB capitalizes MSRs acquired upon the sale of mortgage loans with servicing rights retained. On a monthly basis, ASB compares the net carrying value of the MSRs to its fair value to determine if there are any changes to the valuation allowance and/or other-than-temporary impairment for the MSRs. 
 ASB uses a present value cash flow model to estimate the fair value of MSRs. Impairment is recognized through a valuation allowance for each stratum when the carrying amount exceeds fair value, with any associated provision recorded as a component of loan servicing fees included in Revenues - bank in the consolidated statements of income. A direct write-down is recorded when the recoverability of the valuation allowance is deemed to be unrecoverable. 
 Weighted average note rate Weighted average discount rate Weighted average prepayment speed) ) 50 basis points adverse rate change ) ) Discount rate: 25 basis points adverse rate change ) ) 50 basis points adverse rate change ) ) 
 The effect of a variation in certain assumptions on fair value is calculated without changing any other assumptions. This analysis typically cannot be extrapolated because the relationship of a change in one key assumption to the changes in the fair value of MSRs typically is not linear. 
 146 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued) 

Checking Interest-bearing Noninterest-bearing Commercial checking Money market Time certificates 
 As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, time certificates of 250,000 or more totaled million and million, respectively. 
 2024 2025 2026 2027 Thereafter 
 Overdrawn deposit accounts are classified as loans and totaled million and million at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 Savings Money market Interest-bearing checking 
 Other borrowings. 
 Securities sold under agreements to repurchase . Securities sold under agreements to repurchase are accounted for as financing transactions and the obligations to repurchase these securities are recorded as liabilities in the consolidated balance sheets. ASB pledges investment securities as collateral for securities sold under agreements to repurchase. All such agreements are subject to master netting arrangements, which provide for conditional right of set-off in case of default by either party; however, ASB presents securities sold under agreements to repurchase on a gross basis in the balance sheet. 
 147 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued) 

 December 31, 2021 
 
 Gross amount not offset in the Balance Sheets (in millions) Net amount of liabilities presented in the Balance Sheets Financial instruments Cash collateral pledged Commercial account holders December 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 
 The securities underlying the agreements to repurchase are book-entry securities and were delivered by appropriate entry into the counterparties accounts or into segregated tri-party custodial accounts at the FHLB. The securities underlying the agreements to repurchase continue to be reflected in ASB s asset accounts. The counterparties or tri-parties may determine that additional collateral is required based on movements in the fair value of the collateral. Typically, a percent discount is taken from the fair value of the investment securities to determine the value of the collateral pledged for the repurchase agreements. 
 Average amount outstanding during the year Maximum amount outstanding as of any month-end Weighted-average interest rate as of December 31 Weighted-average interest rate during the year Weighted-average remaining days to maturity as of December 31 
 1 to 29 days 30 to 90 days Over 90 days 
 Advances from Federal Home Loan Bank . Outstanding FHLB advances were million and as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. ASB and the FHLB are parties to an Advances, Pledge and Security Agreement (Advances Agreement), which applies to currently outstanding and future advances, and governs the terms and conditions under which ASB borrows and the FHLB makes loans or advances from time to time. Under the Advances Agreement, ASB agrees to abide by the FHLB s credit policies, and makes certain warranties and representations to the FHLB. Upon the occurrence of and during the continuation of an Event of Default (which term includes any event of nonpayment of interest or principal of any advance when due or failure to perform any promise or obligation under the Advances Agreement or other credit arrangements between the parties), the FHLB may, at its option, declare all indebtedness and accrued interest thereon, including any 
 148 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued) 

 billion, and billion, respectively. In February 2020, the FHLB of Des Moines notified its members that certain assets, which included high-quality home equity lines of credit that were priced off a variable index with a fixed rate option, would no longer qualify as collateral for FHLB Advances and effective October 1, 2020, the FHLB of Des Moines no longer accepted the fixed rate portion of any home equity lines of credit as collateral. In addition, effective July 13, 2020, the FHLB of Des Moines lowered their Loan to Value (LTV), a system-wide percentage applied to eligible pledged collateral to determine borrowing capacity, to reflect ongoing risks in the market due to COVID-19. The lower LTV reduced ASB s collateral value of the existing pledged loans and the borrowing capacity. To increase the borrowing capacity at the FHLB of Des Moines, ASB pledged commercial real estate loans and is evaluating other assets to pledge as collateral to increase its reserve borrowing capacity with the FHLB. 
 ASB is required to obtain and hold a specific number of shares of capital stock of the FHLB. ASB was in compliance with all Advances Agreement requirements as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. 
 Common stock equity. ASB is regulated and supervised by the OCC. Failure to meet minimum capital requirements can initiate certain mandatory and possibly additional discretionary actions by regulators that, if undertaken, could have a direct material effect on ASB s financial statements. Under capital adequacy guidelines and the regulatory framework for prompt corrective action, ASB must meet specific capital guidelines that involve quantitative measures of ASB s assets, liabilities, and certain off-balance sheet items as calculated under regulatory accounting practices. The capital amounts and classification are also subject to qualitative judgments by the regulators about components, risk weightings, and other factors. 
 The prompt corrective action provisions impose certain restrictions on institutions that are undercapitalized. The restrictions imposed become increasingly more severe as an institution s capital category declines from undercapitalized to critically undercapitalized. The regulators have substantial discretion in the corrective actions they might direct and could include restrictions on dividends and other distributions that ASB may make to ASB Hawaii and the requirement that ASB develop and implement a plan to restore its capital. In 1988, HEI agreed with the OTS predecessor regulatory agency at the time, to contribute additional capital to ASB up to a maximum aggregate amount of approximately million (Capital Maintenance Agreement). As of December 31, 2022, as a result of capital contributions in prior years, HEI s maximum obligation to contribute additional capital under the Capital Maintenance Agreement has been reduced to approximately million. In addition to OCC oversight, federal law and Federal Reserve Board policy require that HEI, as a savings and loan holding company, serve as a source of financial and managerial strength for any FDIC-insured depository institution that it controls. Accordingly, if ASB were to be in financial distress or to otherwise be viewed by the regulators as in unsatisfactory condition, HEI could be required to provide additional capital or liquidity support or take other action, in support of ASB. 
 To be categorized as well capitalized, ASB must maintain minimum total capital, Tier 1 capital, and Tier 1 leverage ratios as set forth in the table below. As of December 31, 2022, and 2021 ASB was in compliance with the minimum capital requirements under OCC regulations, and was categorized as well capitalized under the regulatory framework for prompt corrective action. There are no conditions or events that management believes have changed the institution s category under the capital guidelines. 
 Common equity tier 1 Tier 1 capital Total capital December 31, 2021 Tier 1 leverage Common equity tier 1 Tier 1 capital Total capital 
 149 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued) 

 million to HEI, compared to cash dividends of million in 2021. The FRB and OCC approved the dividends. 
 Related-party transactions. HEI charged ASB million, million and million for general management and administrative services in 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. The amounts charged by HEI for services performed by HEI employees to its subsidiaries are allocated primarily on the basis of time expended in providing such services. All amounts charged to ASB were settled as a capital contribution by HEI to ASB. 
 Derivative financial instruments. ASB enters into interest rate lock commitments (IRLCs) with borrowers, and forward commitments to sell loans or to-be-announced mortgage-backed securities to investors to hedge against the inherent interest rate and pricing risks associated with selling loans. 
 ASB enters into IRLCs for residential mortgage loans, which commit ASB to lend funds to a potential borrower at a specific interest rate and within a specified period of time. IRLCs that relate to the origination of mortgage loans that will be held for sale are considered derivative financial instruments under applicable accounting guidance. Outstanding IRLCs expose ASB to the risk that the price of the mortgage loans underlying the commitments may decline due to increases in mortgage interest rates from inception of the rate lock to the funding of the loan. The IRLCs are free-standing derivatives which are carried at fair value with changes recorded in mortgage banking income. 
 ASB enters into forward commitments to hedge the interest rate risk for rate locked mortgage applications in process and closed mortgage loans held for sale. These commitments are primarily forward sales of to-be-announced mortgage backed securities. Generally, when mortgage loans are closed, the forward commitment is liquidated and replaced with a mandatory delivery forward sale of the mortgage to a secondary market investor. In some cases, a best-efforts forward sale agreement is utilized as the forward commitment. These commitments are free-standing derivatives which are carried at fair value with changes recorded in mortgage banking income. 
 Changes in the fair value of IRLCs and forward commitments subsequent to inception are based on changes in the fair value of the underlying loan resulting from the fulfillment of the commitment and changes in the probability that the loan will fund within the terms of the commitment, which is affected primarily by changes in interest rates and the passage of time. 
 Forward commitments ) 
 Forward commitments 
 1 Asset derivatives are included in other assets and liability derivatives are included in other liabilities in the balance sheets.) ) Forward commitments Mortgage banking income ) ) ) 
 150 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued) 

 Commercial and commercial real estate Consumer Residential 1-4 family Commercial and financial standby letters of credit Total 
 Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation assessment. The Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act (Dodd-Frank Act) raised the minimum reserve ratio for the Deposit Insurance Fund to 1.35 percent but required the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation (FDIC) to offset the effect of the increase in the minimum reserve ratio on small institutions (generally insured depository institutions with total consolidated assets of 10 billion or less) when setting assessments. In September 2018, the reserve ratio reached percent and the FDIC awarded the small institutions an assessment credit, which was applied to a portion of the 2019 and 2020 assessments for these banks. For the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 ASB s FDIC insurance expenses were million, million and million, respectively. 
 
 million and million of commercial paper outstanding, respectively. The weighted-average interest rate of HEI s outstanding commercial paper, as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 was and , respectively. 
 As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, Hawaiian Electric had million and commercial paper outstanding, respectively. The weighted-average interest rate of Hawaiian Electric s outstanding commercial paper as of December 31, 2022 was . 
 As of December 31, 2022, HEI had letters of credit outstanding in the aggregate amount of million on behalf of Mauo and Hamakua Energy. As of December 31, 2021, HEI had letters of credit outstanding in the aggregate amount of million, on behalf of Mauo and Hamakua Energy. 
 HEI Term Loan . On October 20, 2022, HEI executed a million term loan credit agreement with financial institutions. The term loan facility allows HEI to draw down proceeds on a delayed basis through March 31, 2023, at which time the term loan commitment expires. Borrowings under the facility bear interest at Term Secured Overnight Financing Rate (SOFR), as defined in the agreement, plus an applicable margin and a SOFR spread adjustment. On December 28, 2022, HEI drew an initial million SOFR term loan at an initial interest of for an initial interest period. Any borrowings under the facility mature on November 30, 2023. The term loan facility contains certain restrictive financial covenants that are substantially the same as the financial covenants contained in HEI s revolving unsecured credit facility, as amended. 
 Credit agreements. On May 14, 2021, HEI and Hawaiian Electric each entered into a separate agreement with a syndicate of financial institutions (the HEI Facility and Hawaiian Electric Facility, respectively, and together, the Credit Facilities) to amend and restate their respective previously existing revolving unsecured credit agreements. The million HEI Facility and the million Hawaiian Electric Facility both terminate on May 14, 2026. On February 18, 2022, the PUC approved Hawaiian Electric s request to extend the term of the million Hawaiian Electric Facility to May 14, 2026. In 
 151 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued) 

 extensions of the commitment termination date and to increase its aggregate revolving commitment amount from million to million, should there be a need. 
 None of the facilities are collateralized. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, amounts were outstanding under the Credit Facilities. 
 The Credit Facilities will be maintained to support each company s respective short-term commercial paper program, but may be drawn on to meet each company s respective working capital needs and general corporate purposes. 
 Under the Credit Facilities, draws generally bear interest, based on each company s respective current long-term credit ratings, at the Adjusted LIBO Rate, as defined in the Credit Facilities, plus and basis points for HEI and Hawaiian Electric, respectively, and incur annual fees on undrawn commitments, excluding swingline borrowings, at the rate of and basis points for HEI and Hawaiian Electric, respectively. The Credit Facilities also include provisions to accommodate a transition from the London Interbank Offered Rate (LIBOR) to an alternative reference rate, based on the secured overnight financing rate administered by the Federal Reserve Bank of New York, upon the phase out of LIBOR as a reference rate. 
 Additionally, the Credit Facilities contain provisions for pricing adjustments in the event of a long-term ratings change based on the respective Facility s ratings-based pricing grid, which includes the ratings by Fitch, Moody s and S P. The Credit Facilities do not contain clauses that would affect access to the Credit Facilities by reason of a ratings downgrade, nor do they have broad material adverse change clauses. In addition, the Credit Facilities contain provisions for potential annual pricing adjustments to the Eurodollar or Alternate Base Rate margin on draws and fees on undrawn commitments of up to +/-5 basis points and +/-1 basis point, respectively, based on performance against certain sustainability-linked metrics. The sustainability-linked metrics include achievement of renewable portfolio standards in excess of statutory requirements and increasing cumulative penetration of installed MWs of photovoltaic systems on residential rooftops. 
 The Credit Facilities also include updated terms and conditions customary for facilities of this type and contain customary conditions that must be met in order to draw on them, including compliance with covenants (such as covenants preventing HEI s and Hawaiian Electric s respective subsidiaries from entering into agreements that restrict the ability of such subsidiaries to pay dividends to, or to repay borrowings from, HEI or Hawaiian Electric, as applicable; and a covenant in Hawaiian Electric s facility restricting Hawaiian Electric s ability, as well as the ability of any of its subsidiaries, to guarantee additional indebtedness of the subsidiaries if such additional debt would cause the subsidiary s Consolidated Subsidiary Funded Debt to Capitalization Ratio (as defined in the Hawaiian Electric Facility) to exceed ). 
 Under the HEI Facility, it is an event of default if HEI fails to maintain an unconsolidated Capitalization Ratio (funded debt) (as defined in the HEI Facility) of or less or if HEI no longer owns Hawaiian Electric or ASB. Under the Hawaiian Electric Facility, it is an event of default if Hawaiian Electric fails to maintain a Consolidated Capitalization Ratio (equity) (as defined in the Hawaiian Electric Facility) of at least , or if Hawaiian Electric is no longer owned by HEI. 
 
 152 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued) 

 HEI term loan, paid in 2022 
 HEI senior notes, due 2023 
 HEI senior notes, due 2025 
 HEI senior notes, due 2028 
 HEI senior notes, due 2028 
 HEI senior notes, due 2028 
 HEI senior notes, due 2030 
 HEI senior notes, due 2031 
 HEI senior notes, due 2031 
 HEI senior notes, due 2032 
 HEI senior notes, due 2032 
 HEI senior notes, due 2034 
 HEI senior notes, due 2051 
 HEI senior notes, due 2052 
 Hamakua Energy non-recourse notes, due 2030 2 
 Mauo LIBOR + loan, due 2023 3 
 Mauo non-recourse term loan, due 2034 2 
 Ka ie ie Waho non-recourse loan, due 2031 2 
 Mahipapa non-recourse loan, due 2034 to 2036 2 
 Mahipapa non-recourse loan, due 2027 2 
 Less unamortized debt issuance costs and debt discount ) ) 
 1 See components of Total long-term debt and unamortized debt issuance costs in Hawaiian Electric and subsidiaries Consolidated Statements of Capitalization. 
 2 Secured by real and personal property of the respective entity, including various land parcels, a 60MW combined cycle facility, photovoltaic and battery storage infrastructure, and a biomass plant. The aggregate net book value of the collateralized property, plant equipment is approximately million as of December 31, 2022. 
 million and in December 2022, extended the required paydown of the loan balance to the lesser of (i) million or (ii) the amount of state renewable tax credits not received by March 5, 2023. 
 As of December 31, 2022, the aggregate principal payments required on the Company s long-term debt for 2023 through 2027 are million in 2023, million in 2024, million in 2025, million in 2026 and million in 2027. As of December 31, 2022, the aggregate payments of principal required on the Utilities long-term debt for 2023 through 2027 are million in 2023, in 2024, million in 2025, million in 2026 and million in 2027. 
 The HEI term loans and senior notes contain customary representation and warranties, affirmative and negative covenants and events of default (the occurrence of which may result in some or all of the notes then outstanding becoming immediately due and payable). The HEI term loans and senior notes also contain provisions requiring the maintenance by HEI of certain financial ratios generally consistent with those in HEI s revolving unsecured credit facility, as amended. Upon a change of control or certain dispositions of assets (as defined in the note purchase agreements of the senior notes), HEI is required to offer to prepay the senior notes. 
 The Utilities senior notes contain customary representations and warranties, affirmative and negative covenants, and events of default (the occurrence of which may result in some or all of the notes of each and all of the utilities then outstanding becoming immediately due and payable) and provisions requiring the maintenance by Hawaiian Electric, and each of Hawaii Electric Light and Maui Electric, of certain financial ratios generally consistent with those in Hawaiian Electric s existing, amended revolving unsecured credit agreement. 
 153 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued) 

 million of unsecured senior notes that were drawn on November 1, 2022. 
 Proceeds from the Series 2022C tranche were used for general corporate purposes, including refinancing a portion of million of debt that matured in November 2022 and the repayment of a portion of HEI commercial paper outstanding. Proceeds from the Green Series 2022D tranche are expected to be used to finance and/or refinance Green Investments, as defined in the HEI NPA, provided, however, that pending the full allocation of an amount equal to the proceeds from the Green Series 2022D to eligible Green Investments, the proceeds of the Green Series 2022D tranche will be managed in accordance with the Company s normal treasury practices, including the repayment of existing indebtedness and/or used for working capital purposes. 
 Once drawn, interest on the notes is paid semiannually on June 15th and December 15th. The HEI NPA contains certain restrictive financial covenants that are substantially the same as the financial covenants contained in HEI s revolving unsecured credit facility, as amended. The HEI notes may be prepaid in whole or in part at any time at the prepayment price of the principal amount, together with interest accrued to the date of prepayment plus a Make-Whole Amount, as defined in the agreements. 
 On September 29, 2021, HEI executed a million private placement, utilizing a delayed draw feature with tranches. The first tranche of million was drawn on December 29, 2021 and the proceeds were primarily used to invest in the Utilities equity to support its capital expenditure program and maintain the Utilities equity capitalization ratio of approximately . The second and final tranche of million was drawn on October 26, 2022, to refinance a portion of million of debt that matured on November 20, 2022. 
 million million million million Fixed coupon interest rate 
 Maturity date 10/26/2032 10/26/2052 11/1/2032 11/1/2034 
 Utilities private placement . On May 11, 2022, the Utilities executed, through a private placement pursuant to separate Note Purchase Agreements (the NPAs), the following unsecured senior notes bearing taxable interest (2022 Notes). 
 million Fixed coupon interest rate Maturity date 6/15/2032 Principal amount by company: Hawaiian Electric million Hawaii Electric Light million Maui Electric million 
 The 2022 Notes include substantially the same financial covenants and customary conditions as Hawaiian Electric s credit agreement. Hawaiian Electric is also a party as guarantor under the NPAs entered into by Hawaii Electric Light and Maui Electric. The Utilities did not obtain any of the proceeds at execution and instead drew down all the proceeds on June 15, 2022. The proceeds were used to finance their respective capital expenditures, repay short-term debt used to finance or refinance capital expenditures and/or reimburse funds used for the payment of capital expenditures. The 2022 Notes may be prepaid in whole or in part at any time at the prepayment price of the principal amount plus a Make-Whole Amount as defined in the NPAs. 
 On January 10, 2023, the Utilities executed through a private placement pursuant to separate NPAs, the following unsecured senior notes bearing taxable interest (2023 Notes). 
 154 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued) 

 million million million Fixed coupon interest rate Hawaiian Electric Hawaii Electric Light Maui Electric Maturity date Hawaiian Electric 2/9/2030 2/9/2033 2/9/2053 Hawaii Electric Light 2/9/2033 Maui Electric 2/9/2033 Principal amount by company: Hawaiian Electric million million million Hawaii Electric Light million Maui Electric million 
 The 2023 Notes include substantially the same financial covenants and customary conditions as Hawaiian Electric s credit agreement. Hawaiian Electric is also a party as guarantor under the NPAs entered into by Hawaii Electric Light and Maui Electric. The Utilities did not obtain any of the proceeds at execution and instead drew down all the proceeds on February 9, 2023. The proceeds were used to finance their respective capital expenditures, repay short-term debt used to finance or refinance capital expenditures and/or reimburse funds used for the payment of capital expenditures. The 2023 Notes may be prepaid in whole or in part at any time at the prepayment price of the principal amount plus a Make-Whole Amount as defined in the NPAs. 
 MW renewable, firm dispatchable closed-loop biomass-to-energy facility on Kauai. In connection with the acquisition, Mahipapa assumed approximately million of long-term debt in various tranches that mature on various dates through 2036. Principal and interest total approximately million per quarter. The loan is secured by all of the assets of Mahipapa and all equity ownership interests in Mahipapa, excluding certain mobile equipment. 

million shares of common stock for future issuance under the HEI Dividend Reinvestment and Stock Purchase Plan (DRIP), the Hawaiian Electric Industries Retirement Savings Plan (HEIRSP), the ASB 401(k) Plan, the HEI 2011 Nonemployee Director Stock Plan, and the 2010 Equity and Incentive Plan, as amended. 
 Accumulated other comprehensive income/(loss). 
 ) ) ) ) Current period other comprehensive income (loss) and reclassifications, net of taxes 
 ) ) Balance, December 31, 2020 ) ) ) ) Current period other comprehensive income (loss) and reclassifications, net of taxes 
 ) ) ) ) Balance, December 31, 2021 ) ) ) ) ) Current period other comprehensive income (loss) and reclassifications, net of taxes 
 ) ) Balance, December 31, 2022 ) ) ) 
 155 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued) 

) ) Gain on sale of investment securities, net Amortization of unrealized holding losses on held-to-maturity securities Bank revenues Net realized losses on derivatives qualifying as cash flow hedges Interest expense Retirement benefit plans: Amortization of prior service credit and net losses recognized during the period in net periodic benefit cost See Note 10 for additional details Impact of D Os of the PUC included in regulatory assets ) ) See Note 10 for additional details Total reclassifications ) ) Hawaiian Electric consolidated Retirement benefit plans: Amortization of prior service credit and net losses recognized during the period in net periodic benefit cost See Note 10 for additional details Impact of D Os of the PUC included in regulatory assets ) ) See Note 10 for additional details Total reclassifications ) ) 

years. The periods associated with the renewal options are excluded for the purpose of determining the lease term unless the exercise of the renewal option is reasonably certain. In the normal course of business, it is expected that many of these agreements will be replaced by similar agreements. Certain real estate leases require the Company to pay for operating expenses such as common area maintenance, real estate taxes and insurance, which are recognized as variable lease expense when incurred and are not included in the measurement of the lease liability. The Company elected the short-term lease recognition exemption for all of its leases that qualify, and accordingly, does not recognize lease liabilities and ROU assets for all leases that have lease terms that are 12 months or less. The amounts related to short-term leases are not material. The Company elected the practical expedient to not separate lease and non-lease components for its real estate and equipment and fossil fuel and renewable energy PPAs and to s eparate lease components from non-lease components for renewable energy plus battery storage PPAs. 
 T he Utilities contract with independent power producers to supply energy under long-term power purchase agreements. Certain PPAs are treated as operating leases under the lease standard because the Company elected the practical expedient package under which prior conclusions about lease identification were not reassessed. The fixed capacity payments under the PPAs are included in the lease liability, while the variable lease payments (e.g., payments based on kWh) are excluded from the lease liability. Several as-available PPAs have variable-only payment terms based on production. For PPAs with no minimum lease payments, the Utilities do not recognize any lease liabilities or ROU assets, and the related costs are reported as variable lease costs. In the first quarter of 2021, PGV returned to service with firm capacity of MW and ramped up to MW in the second quarter of 2022. Hawaii Electric Light is required to make fixed capacity payments based on MW. As of December 31, 2022, Hawaii Electric Light has a total of million in lease liability with a corresponding ROU asset for the PGV PPA. 
 156 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued) 

 basis points. ASB s lease payments for each operating lease agreement were discounted using Federal Home Loan Bank of Des Moines (FHLB) fixed rate advance rates, which are collateralized, for the appropriate term. The FHLB is ASB s primary wholesale funding source and can provide collateralized borrowing rates for various terms starting at overnight borrowings to -year borrowing terms. 
 In December 2020, Hawaiian Electric entered into an agreement with an unrelated party to sublease out approximately square feet of the downtown Honolulu office space commencing in January 2021. The sublease is an operating lease for six and a half years with an option to extend the term for an additional . Estimated base rent revenue is approximately million for the entire lease term. In addition to the base rent, Hawaiian Electric will also collect from the sublessee its proportionate share of all operating expenses, utilities, and taxes, which will be recognized as an additional rent revenue. 
 In August 2021, the Utilities entered into an agreement with an unrelated party for exclusive use of a barge and tug to transport fuels between islands, commencing in January 2022. The contract is an operating lease with a term of with an option to extend the term for an additional . Annual base rent expense is approximately million and the operating lease liability recorded upon commencement was million. In addition to the annual base payment, there are additional payments for operating expenses, such as inspection expense, wharfage and pipeline tolls, which are recognized as variable lease cost when incurred. 
 On July 31, 2022, Mililani I Solar, the first utility-scale solar-plus-storage project reached commercial operations on Oahu. The project is for a term and generates MW, including a MWh battery. The Utilities have accounted for battery portion of the project as a finance lease and recorded a lease liability with a corresponding right-of-use asset of million. The timing of the Utilities recognition of the lease expense conforms to ratemaking treatment for the Utilities recovery of the cost of electricity and is included in purchased power for the interest and amortization of financing leases related to PPAs. Any material differences between expense recognition and timing of payments is deferred as a regulatory asset or liability in order to match what is being recovered for ratemaking purposes. 
 157 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued) 

 Variable lease cost Sublease income ) ) ) ) Total operating lease cost Finance lease costs: Amortization of right-of-use assets Interest on lease liabilities Total finance lease cost Other information Cash paid for amounts included in the measurement of lease liabilities: Operating cash flows from operating leases Operating cash flows from financing leases Financing cash flows from financing leases Weighted-average remaining lease term (in years): Operating leases Finance leases Weighted-average discount rate: Operating leases Finance leases 
 HEI consolidated Hawaiian Electric consolidated Year ended December 31, 2021 Other leases PPAs classified as leases Total Other leases PPAs classified as leases Total (dollars in thousands) Operating lease cost Variable lease cost Sublease income ) ) ) ) Total lease cost Other information Cash paid for amounts included in the measurement of lease liabilities Operating cash flows from operating leases Weighted-average remaining lease term operating leases (in years) Weighted-average discount rate operating leases 
 
 158 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued) 

 2024 2025 2026 2027 Thereafter Total lease payments Less: Imputed interest ) ) ) ) ) ) Total present value of lease payments 1 
 
 1 The fixed capacity payment related to the existing PPA with PGV, which will expire on December 31, 2027, is included as a lease liability as of December 31, 2021. The PGV facility returned to service with firm capacity in the first quarter of 2021. The annual capacity payment based on the most recent accepted output is approximately million. The lease liability will be remeasured when PGV ramps back up to the original contracted firm capacity. 
 The following table summarizes the maturity of our finance lease liabilities for PPAs as of December 31, 2022: 
 HEI consolidated Hawaiian Electric consolidated (in millions) PPAs classified as leases PPAs classified as leases 2023 2024 2025 2026 2027 Thereafter Total lease payments Less: Imputed interest ) ) Total present value of lease payments 
 Note: Other finance leases are not material. 
 
 days from the end of the billing period. As electric bills to customers reflect the amount that corresponds directly with the value of the Utilities performance to date, the Utilities have elected to use the right to invoice practical expedient, which entitles them to recognize revenue in the amount they have the right to invoice. 
 159 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued) 

 For 2022, 2021 and 2020, the Utilities revenues include recovery of revenue taxes of approximately million, million and million, respectively, which amounts are in Taxes, other than income taxes expense. However, the Utilities pay revenue taxes to the taxing authorities based on (1) the prior year s billed revenues (in the case of public service company taxes and PUC fees) in the current year or (2) the current year s cash collections from electric sales (in the case of franchise taxes) after year end. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Utilities had recorded million and million, respectively, in Taxes accrued, including revenue taxes on the Utilities consolidated balance sheet for amounts previously collected from customers or accrued for public service company taxes and PUC fees, net of amounts paid to the taxing authorities. Such amounts will be used to pay public service company taxes and PUC fees owed for the following year. 
 160 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued) 

 161 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued) 

Electric energy sales - commercial 
 Electric energy sales - large light and power 
 Electric energy sales - other Bank fees Other sales Total revenues from contracts with customers Revenues from other sources Regulatory revenue ) ) Bank interest and dividend income 
 Other bank noninterest income 
 Other Total revenues from other sources Total revenues Timing of revenue recognition Services/goods transferred at a point in time 
 Services/goods transferred over time 
 Total revenues from contracts with customers 
 There are no material contract assets or liabilities associated with revenues from contracts with customers existing at December 31, 2022 and 2021. Accounts receivable and unbilled revenues related to contracts with customers represent an unconditional right to consideration since all performance obligations have been satisfied. These amounts are disclosed as accounts receivable and unbilled revenues, net on HEI s consolidated balance sheets and customer accounts receivable, net and accrued unbilled revenues, net on Hawaiian Electric s consolidated balance sheets. 
 As of December 31, 2022, the Company had no material remaining performance obligations due to the nature of the Company s contracts with its customers. For the Utilities, performance obligations are fulfilled as electricity is delivered to customers. For ASB, fees are recognized when a transaction is completed. 
 162 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued) 

 vested to the extent funded. Upon the termination of the Plans, assets would be distributed to affected participants in accordance with the applicable allocation provisions of ERISA and any excess assets that exist would be paid to the participating employers. Participants benefits in the Plans are covered up to certain limits under insurance provided by the Pension Benefit Guaranty Corporation. 
 Postretirement benefits other than pensions. HEI and the Utilities provide eligible employees health and life insurance benefits upon retirement under the Postretirement Welfare Benefits Plan for Employees of Hawaiian Electric Company, Inc. and participating employers (Hawaiian Electric Benefits Plan). Eligibility of employees and dependents is based on eligibility to retire at termination, the retirement date and the date of hire. The plan was amended in 2011, changing eligibility for certain bargaining unit employees hired prior to May 1, 2011, based on new minimum age and service requirements effective January 1, 2012, per the collective bargaining agreement, and certain management employees hired prior to May 1, 2011 based on new eligibility minimum age and service requirements effective January 1, 2012. The minimum age and service requirements for management and bargaining unit employees hired May 1, 2011 and thereafter have increased and their dependents are not eligible to receive postretirement benefits. Employees may be eligible to receive benefits from the HEI Pension Plan but may not be eligible for postretirement welfare benefits if the different eligibility requirements are not met. 
 The executive death benefit plan was frozen on September 10, 2009 for participants at benefit levels as of that date. 
 The Company s and Utilities cost for OPEB has been adjusted to reflect the plan amendments, which reduced benefits and created prior service credits to be amortized over average future service of affected participants. The amortization of the prior service credit will reduce benefit costs until the various credit bases are fully recognized. Each participating employer reserves the right to terminate its participation in the Hawaiian Electric Benefits Plan at any time. 
 Balance sheet recognition of the funded status of retirement plans. Employers must recognize on their balance sheets the funded status of defined benefit pension and other postretirement benefit plans with an offset to AOCI in shareholders equity (using the projected benefit obligation (PBO) and accumulated postretirement benefit obligation (APBO), to calculate the funded status). 
 The PUC allowed the Utilities to adopt pension and OPEB tracking mechanisms in previous rate cases. The amount of the net periodic pension cost (NPPC) and net periodic benefits costs (NPBC) to be recovered in rates is established by the PUC in each rate case or as allowed under the PBR Framework (see Regulatory proceedings in Note 3). Under the Utilities tracking mechanisms, any actual costs determined in accordance with GAAP that are over/under amounts allowed in rates are charged/credited to a regulatory asset/liability. The regulatory asset/liability for each utility will then be amortized over years beginning with the respective utility s next rate case. Accordingly, all retirement benefit expenses (except for executive life and nonqualified pension plan expenses, which amounted to million and million in 2022 and 2021, respectively) determined in accordance with GAAP will be recovered. 
 Under the tracking mechanisms, amounts that would otherwise be recorded in AOCI (excluding amounts for executive life and nonqualified pension plans), net of taxes, as well as other pension and OPEB charges, are allowed to be reclassified as a 
 163 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued) million pretax and ) million pretax for 2022 and 2021, respectively). 
 Under the pension tracking mechanism, the Utilities are required to make contributions to the pension trust in the amount of the actuarially calculated NPPC, except when limited by the ERISA minimum contribution requirements or the maximum contributions imposed by the Internal Revenue Code. Contributions in excess of the calculated NPPC are recorded in a separate regulatory asset. 
 The OPEB tracking mechanisms generally require the Utilities to make contributions to the OPEB trust in the amount of the actuarially calculated NPBC, (excluding amounts for executive life), except when limited by material, adverse consequences imposed by federal regulations. Future decisions in rate cases could further impact funding amounts. 
 Defined benefit pension and other postretirement benefit plans information. Service cost Interest cost Actuarial gains ) ) ) ) Participants contributions Benefits paid and expenses ) ) ) ) Benefit obligation, December 31 Fair value of plan assets, January 1 Actual return on plan assets ) ) Employer contributions Participants contributions Benefits paid and expenses ) ) ) ) Fair value of plan assets, December 31 Accrued benefit asset (liability), December 31 ) ) Other assets Defined benefit pension and other postretirement benefit plans liability 
 ) ) ) ) Accrued benefit asset (liability), December 31 ) ) AOCI debit/(credit), January 1 (excluding impact of PUC D Os) ) Recognized during year prior service credit Recognized during year net actuarial gain (loss) ) ) ) Occurring during year net actuarial gain ) ) ) ) AOCI debit/(credit) before cumulative impact of PUC D Os, December 31 ) ) Cumulative impact of PUC D Os ) ) AOCI debit/(credit), December 31 ) ) Net actuarial loss (gain) ) ) Prior service gain ) ) AOCI debit/(credit) before cumulative impact of PUC D Os, December 31 ) ) Cumulative impact of PUC D Os ) ) AOCI debit/(credit), December 31 ) ) Income taxes (benefits) ) ) AOCI debit/(credit), net of taxes (benefits), December 31 ) ) As shown in the table above, as of December 31, 2022, the other postretirement benefit plan with APBO in excess of plan assets is an unfunded plan, and as of December 31, 2021, the other postretirement benefit plans with APBOs in excess of plan assets are unfunded plans. 
 
 164 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued) 

 Service cost Interest cost Actuarial gains ) ) ) ) Participants contributions Benefits paid and expenses ) ) ) ) Transfers ) ) Benefit obligation, December 31 Fair value of plan assets, January 1 Actual return on plan assets ) ) Employer contributions Participants contributions Benefits paid and expenses ) ) ) ) Other ) ) ) Fair value of plan assets, December 31 Accrued benefit asset (liability), December 31 ) ) Other assets Other liabilities (short-term) ) ) Defined benefit pension and other postretirement benefit plans liability 
 ) ) Accrued benefit asset (liability), December 31 ) ) AOCI debit/(credit), January 1 (excluding impact of PUC D Os) ) Recognized during year prior service credit Recognized during year net actuarial loss ) ) ) Occurring during year net actuarial gain ) ) ) ) AOCI debit/(credit) before cumulative impact of PUC D Os, December 31 ) ) Cumulative impact of PUC D Os ) ) AOCI debit/(credit), December 31 ) ) Net actuarial loss (gain) ) ) Prior service gain ) ) AOCI debit/(credit) before cumulative impact of PUC D Os, December 31 ) ) Cumulative impact of PUC D Os ) ) AOCI debit/(credit), December 31 ) ) Income taxes (benefits) ) ) AOCI debit/(credit), net of taxes (benefits), December 31 ) ) 
 Pension benefits . In 2022, actuarial gains (losses) due to demographic experience, including any assumption changes, the most significant of which was the increase in the discount rate used to measure PBO compared to the prior year, improved funded position while investment returns lower than assumed rates, partially offset the improvement. 
 In 2021, investment returns were higher than assumed rates and improved the funded position. Actuarial gains due to demographic experience, including assumption changes, the most significant of which was the increase in the discount rate used to measure PBO compared to the prior year, improved funded position while the updates to mortality assumptions projected generationally, partially offset the improvement. 
 Other benefits . In 2022, actuarial gains (losses) due to demographic experience, including any assumption changes, the most significant of which was the increase in the discount rate used to measure APBO compared to the prior year, improved funded position while investment returns lower than assumed rates, partially offset the improvement. 
 165 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued) 

 in the first year and in each of years two through five and finally adding or subtracting the unamortized differences for the past from fair value. The method includes a range restriction around the fair value of such assets (i.e., to of fair value). Effective January 1, 2021, the Company adopted a change in accounting principle for the plans fixed income securities from the calculated market-related value method to the fair value method in the calculation of the expected return on plan assets component of NPPC and NPBC. The remaining plan assets continue to use the calculated market-related value methodology. The Company considers the fair value approach to be preferable for its fixed-income securities portfolio because it results in a current reflection of the changes in the value of plan assets in a way similar to the obligations it is intended to hedge. The Company evaluated the effect of this change in accounting principle and deemed it to be immaterial to the historical financial statements of the Company and Hawaiian Electric and, therefore, did not account for the change retrospectively and recorded the cumulative effects from the change in accounting principle in earnings for non-Utility businesses in the first quarter of 2021. Amounts related to the Utilities were reflected as adjustments to regulatory assets as appropriate, consistent with the expected regulatory treatment as described in the following paragraph. 
 The Utilities have implemented pension and OPEB tracking mechanisms under which all of their retirement benefit expenses (except for executive life and nonqualified pension plan expenses) determined in accordance with GAAP are recovered over time. Under the tracking mechanisms, any actual costs determined in accordance with GAAP that are over/under amounts allowed in rates are charged/credited to a regulatory asset/liability. The regulatory asset/liability for each utility will then be amortized over 5 years beginning with the respective utility s next rate case. 
 A primary goal of the plans is to achieve long-term asset growth sufficient to pay future benefit obligations at a reasonable level of risk. The investment policy target for defined benefit pension and OPEB plans of HEI and the Utilities reflects the philosophy that long-term growth can best be achieved by prudent investments in equity securities while balancing overall fund and pension liability volatility by an appropriate allocation to fixed income securities. To reduce the level of portfolio risk and volatility in returns, efforts have been made to diversify the plans investments by asset class, geographic region, market capitalization and investment style. ASB s frozen, overfunded defined benefit pension plan is invested in a portfolio that uses a liability-driven investment strategy to limit funded status volatility. 
 - 
 - 
 Non-U.S equity securities - 
 - 
 Fixed income securities - 
 - 
 Private equity - 
 - 
 
 1 Asset allocation (excluding cash) is applicable to only HEI and the Utilities. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, nearly all of ASB s pension assets were invested in fixed income securities. 
 2 Asset allocation (excluding cash) is applicable to only HEI and the Utilities. ASB does not fund its other benefits. 
 3 Broad range for equity securities is a minimum of and a maximum of for pension benefits and other benefits. 
 The fair values of the investments shown in the tables below represent the Company s best estimates of the amounts that would be received upon sale of those assets in an orderly transaction between market participants at that date. Those fair value 
 166 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued) 

 167 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued) 

 Non-U.S. equity securities U.S. equity index and exchange-traded funds Non-U.S. equity investments at net asset value (NAV) Total equity investments 
 Fixed income securities Fixed income mutual and exchange-traded funds Fixed income investments at NAV 
 Total fixed income investments 
 Private equity at NAV Cash equivalents, fund and at NAV Total Cash, receivables and payables, net 
 Fair value of plan assets 
 2021 U.S. equity securities Non-U.S. equity securities U.S. equity index and exchange-traded funds Non-U.S. equity investments at NAV Total equity investments 
 Fixed income securities and mutual funds Fixed income investments at NAV 
 Total fixed income investments 
 Private equity at NAV Cash equivalents, fund and at NAV Total Cash, receivables and payables, net 
 Fair value of plan assets 
 
 The fair value of investments measured at NAV presented in the table above is intended to permit reconciliation to the fair value of plan assets. 
 168 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued) 

 Daily-Monthly - days 
 Daily-Monthly - days 
 Fixed income investments (b) 
 Daily days 
 Daily days 
 Private equity (c) NA NA NA NA Cash equivalents (d) Daily - day 
 Daily - day 
 2021 Non-U.S. equity funds (a) Daily-Monthly - days 
 Daily-Monthly - days 
 Fixed income investments (b) 
 Daily days 
 Daily days 
 Private equity (c) NA NA NA NA Cash equivalents (d) Daily - day 
 Daily - day 
 
 NA Not applicable 
 None of the investments presented in the tables above have unfunded commitments, other than private equity disclosed in (c) below. 
 (a) Represents investments in funds that primarily invest in non-U.S., emerging markets equities. Redemption frequency for pension benefits assets as of December 31, 2022 were: daily, and monthly, , and as of December 31, 2021 were daily, and monthly, . Redemption frequency for other benefits assets as of December 31, 2022 were: daily, and monthly, and as of December 31, 2021 were: daily, and monthly, . 
 (b) Represents investments in fixed income securities invested in a US-dollar denominated fund that seeks to exceed the Bloomberg US Long Corporate A or Better Bond Index through investments in US-dollar denominated fixed income securities and commingled vehicles. 
 (c) Represents investment in a private equity fund. The fund is valued as reported by the General Partner, based on the valuation of the underlying investments. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the unfunded commitment of the private equity fund was million and million, respectively; the fund does not allow redemptions but may be dissolved with written notice. The termination date of the fund is November 1, 2100, unless dissolved earlier. 
 (d) Represents investments in cash equivalent funds. This class includes funds that invest primarily in securities issued or guaranteed by the U.S. government or its agencies or instrumentalities. For pension benefits, the fund may also invest in fixed income securities of investment grade issuers. 
 Rate of compensation increase NA NA NA Net periodic pension/benefit cost (years ended) Discount rate 2 
 Expected return on plan assets 3 
 Rate of compensation increase 4 
 NA NA NA NA Not applicable 
 1 HEI and the Utilities pension benefits discount rate only at December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020. ASB s pension benefits discount rate at December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 was , and , respectively. All other disclosed rates apply to the Company and the Utilities. 
 2 ASB s pension benefits discount rate for the year ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 was , and . All other disclosed rates apply to the Company and the Utilities. 
 3 HEI and the Utilities plan assets only (gross return). For 2022, 2021 and 2020, ASB s expected return on plan assets was , and , respectively. 
 4 HEI and the Utilities use a graded rate of compensation increase assumption based on age. The rate provided above is an average across all future years of service for the current population. NA for ASB. 
 169 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued) 

 and b) ASB considered its liability-driven investment strategy in selecting , which is consistent with the assumed discount rate as of December 31, 2022 with a basis point active manager premium. For 2022, retirement benefit plans assets of both the Company and the Utilities had a net loss of . 
 As of December 31, 2022, the assumed health care trend rates for 2023 and future years were as follows: medical, , grading down to for 2029 and thereafter; dental, ; and vision, . As of December 31, 2021, the assumed health care trend rates for 2022 and future years were as follows: medical, , grading down to for 2028 and thereafter; dental, ; and vision, . 
 Interest cost Expected return on plan assets ) ) ) ) ) ) Amortization of net prior service (gain) cost ) ) ) Amortization of net actuarial losses 
 ) Net periodic pension/benefit cost ) ) ) Impact of PUC D Os Net periodic pension/benefit cost (adjusted for impact of PUC D Os) 
 ) ) ) Hawaiian Electric consolidated 
 Service cost 
 Interest cost 
 Expected return on plan assets 
 ) ) ) ) ) ) Amortization of net prior service (gain) cost 
 ) ) ) Amortization of net actuarial losses 
 Net periodic pension/benefit cost ) ) ) Impact of PUC D Os 
 Net periodic pension/benefit cost (adjusted for impact of PUC D Os) 
 ) ) ) 
 The Company recorded pension expense of million, million, million in 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively, and OPEB income of million in 2022, 2021 and 2020 and charged the remaining amounts primarily to electric utility plant. The Utilities recorded pension expense of million, million and million, respectively, and OPEB income of ) million, ) million and ) million in 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively, and charged the remaining amounts primarily to electric utility plant. 
 170 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued) 

 Defined benefit plans with PBOs in excess of plan assets 
 PBOs 
 Fair value of plan assets 
 
 HEI consolidated . The Company estimates that the cash funding for the qualified defined benefit pension plans in 2023 will be million, which will fully satisfy the ERISA minimum required contribution, the requirements of the Utilities pension tracking mechanisms and the Plan s funding policy. The Company s current estimate of contributions to its other postretirement benefit plans in 2023 is . 
 As of December 31, 2022, the benefits expected to be paid under all retirement benefit plans in 2023, 2024, 2025, 2026, 2027 and 2028 through 2032 amount to million, million, million, million, million and million, respectively. 
 Hawaiian Electric consolidated . The Utilities estimate that the cash funding for the qualified defined benefit pension plan in 2023 will be million, which will fully satisfy the ERISA minimum required contribution, the requirements of the pension tracking mechanisms and the Plan s funding policy. The Utilities current estimate of contributions to its other postretirement benefit plans in 2023 is . 
 As of December 31, 2022, the benefits expected to be paid under all retirement benefit plans in 2023, 2024, 2025, 2026, 2027 and 2028 through 2032 amounted to million, million, million, million, million and million, respectively. 
 million, million and million, respectively; and its cash contributions were million, million and million, respectively. Included in the 2022 amount are non-elective employer contributions for the Utilities and HEI employees first hired on or after January 1, 2022, equal to of those new employees annual compensation. For each of 2022, 2021 and 2020 the Utilities expense and cash contributions for its defined contribution plan under the HEIRSP was million, million, and million, respectively. 
 
 million shares were added to the shares available for issuance under these programs. 
 As of December 31, 2022, approximately million shares remained available for future issuance under the terms of the EIP, assuming recycling of shares withheld to satisfy statutory tax liabilities relating to EIP awards, including an estimated million shares that could be issued upon the vesting of outstanding restricted stock units and the achievement of performance goals for awards outstanding under long-term incentive plans (assuming that such performance goals are achieved at maximum levels). 
 Restricted stock units awarded under the EIP in 2022, 2021, 2020 and 2019 will vest and be issued in unrestricted stock in three (2022 and 2021) or four (2020 and 2019) equal annual increments on the anniversaries of the grant date and are forfeited to the extent they have not become vested for terminations of employment during the vesting period, except that pro-rata vesting is provided for terminations due to death, disability and retirement. Restricted stock units expense has been recognized in accordance with the fair-value-based measurement method of accounting. Dividend equivalent rights are accrued quarterly and are paid at the end of the restriction period when the associated restricted stock units vest. 
 171 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued) 

 performance period. LTIP awards are forfeited for terminations of employment during the performance period, except that pro-rata participation is provided for terminations due to death, disability and retirement based upon completed months of service after a minimum of months of service in the performance period. Compensation expense for the stock performance awards portion of the LTIP has been recognized in accordance with the fair-value-based measurement method of accounting for performance shares. 
 Under the 2011 Nonemployee Director Stock Plan (2011 Director Plan), HEI can issue shares of common stock as compensation to nonemployee directors of HEI, Hawaiian Electric and ASB. As of December 31, 2022, there were shares remaining available for future issuance under the 2011 Director Plan. 
 Income tax benefit Hawaiian Electric consolidated Share-based compensation expense 1 
 Income tax benefit 
 1 For 2022, 2021 and 2020, the Company has not capitalized any share-based compensation. 
 Stock awards. 
 Fair value Income tax benefit 
 The number of shares issued to each nonemployee director of HEI, Hawaiian Electric and ASB is determined based on the closing price of HEI common stock on the grant date. 
 Restricted stock units. 
 Granted Vested ) ) ) Forfeited ) ) ) Outstanding, December 31 Total weighted-average grant-date fair value of shares granted (in millions) 
 
 (1) Weighted-average grant-date fair value per share based on the average price of HEI common stock on the date of grant. 
 For 2022, 2021 and 2020, total restricted stock units and related dividends that vested had a fair value of million, million and million, respectively, and the related tax benefits were million, million and million, respectively. 
 As of December 31, 2022, there was million of total unrecognized compensation cost related to the nonvested restricted stock units. The cost is expected to be recognized over a weighted-average period of years. 
 Long-term incentive plan payable in stock. The 2020-22, 2021-23 and 2022-24 LTIPs provide for performance awards under the EIP of shares of HEI common stock based on the satisfaction of performance goals, including a market condition goal. The number of shares of HEI common stock that may be awarded is fixed on the date the grants are made, subject to the achievement of specified performance levels and calculated dividend equivalents. The potential payout varies from to of the number of target shares, depending on the achievement of the goals. The market condition goal is based on HEI s total shareholder return (TSR) compared to the Edison Electric Institute Index over the relevant period. The other performance condition goals relate to EPS growth, return on average common equity (ROACE), renewable portfolio standards, 
 172 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued) 

Granted Vested (issued or unissued and cancelled) ) ) ) Forfeited ) ) ) Outstanding, December 31 Total weighted-average grant-date fair value of shares granted (in millions) 
 
 (1) Weighted-average grant-date fair value per share determined using a Monte Carlo simulation model. 
 The grant date fair values of the shares were determined using a Monte Carlo simulation model utilizing actual information for the common shares of HEI and its peers for the period from the beginning of the performance period to the grant date and estimated future stock volatility of HEI and its peers over the remaining performance period. The expected stock volatility assumptions for HEI and its peer group were based on the historic stock volatility. A dividend assumption is not required for the Monte Carlo simulation because the grant payout includes dividend equivalents and projected returns include the value of reinvested dividends. 
 Expected life in years Expected volatility Range of expected volatility for Peer Group to 
 to 
 to 
 Grant date fair value (per share) 
 For 2022, 2021 and 2020, total vested LTIP awards linked to TSR and related dividends had a fair value of million, million and million, respectively, and the related tax benefits were million, million and million, respectively. 
 As of December 31, 2022, there was million of total unrecognized compensation cost related to the nonvested performance awards payable in shares linked to TSR. The cost is expected to be recognized over a weighted-average period of years. 
 LTIP awards linked to other performance conditions . 
 Granted Vested ) ) ) Increase above target (cancelled) ) ) Forfeited ) ) ) Outstanding, December 31 Total weighted-average grant-date fair value of shares granted (at target performance levels) (in millions) 
 
 (1) Weighted-average grant-date fair value per share based on the average price of HEI common stock on the date of grant. 
 For 2022, 2021 and 2020, total vested LTIP awards linked to other performance conditions and related dividends had a fair value of million, million and million, respectively, and the related tax benefits were million, million and million, respectively. 
 173 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued) 

 million of total unrecognized compensation cost related to the nonvested shares linked to performance conditions other than TSR. The cost is expected to be recognized over a weighted-average period of years. 

Deferred ) ) ) ) ) ) Deferred tax credits, net State Current Deferred ) Deferred tax credits, net Total 
 In 2022, 2021 and 2020, primarily represents federal tax credits related to Mauo s solar-plus-storage project, deferred and amortized starting in 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 Increase (decrease) resulting from: State income taxes, net of federal income tax benefit 
 Net deferred tax asset (liability) adjustment related to the Tax Act 
 ) ) ) ) ) ) Other, net ) ) ) ) ) ) Total Effective income tax rate ) 
 174 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued) 

 Operating lease liabilities Retirement benefits Revenue taxes Allowance for bad debts Available-for-sale investments Other 1 
 Total deferred tax assets Deferred tax liabilities Property, plant and equipment related Operating lease right-of-use assets 
 Regulatory assets, excluding amounts attributable to property, plant and equipment 
 Retirement benefits Other Total deferred tax liabilities Net deferred income tax liability 
 1 As of December 31, 2022, HEI consolidated has deferred tax assets of million relating to the benefit of state tax credit carryforwards of million. These state tax credit carryforwards primarily relate to the West Loch PV project and do not expire. The Company concluded that as of December 31, 2022, a valuation allowance is not required. 
 The ultimate realization of deferred tax assets is dependent upon the generation of future taxable income during the periods in which those temporary differences are deductible. Based upon historical taxable income and projections for future taxable income, management believes it is more likely than not the Company and the Utilities will realize substantially all of the benefits of the deferred tax assets. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, valuation allowances for deferred tax benefits were . The Utilities are included in the consolidated federal and Hawaii income tax returns of HEI and are subject to the provisions of HEI s tax sharing agreement, which determines each subsidiary s (or subgroup s) income tax return liabilities and refunds on a standalone basis as if it filed a separate return (or subgroup consolidated return). 
 Additions based on tax positions taken during the year Reductions based on tax positions taken during the year ) ) Additions for tax positions of prior years Reductions for tax positions of prior years ) ) ) ) ) ) Lapses of statute of limitations ) ) Settlement ) ) Unrecognized tax benefits, December 31 
 At December 31, 2022 and 2021, there were million of unrecognized tax benefits that, if recognized, would affect the Company s and Utilities annual effective tax rate. 
 HEI consolidated. The Company recognizes interest accrued related to unrecognized tax benefits in Interest expense-other than on deposit liabilities and other bank borrowings and penalties, if any, in operating expenses. In 2022, 2021 and 
 175 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued) 

 million, million and ) million, respectively, in interest expense. The Company had million and million of interest accrued as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 Hawaiian Electric consolidated. The Utilities recognize interest accrued related to unrecognized tax benefits in Interest expense and other charges, net and penalties, if any, in operating expenses. In 2022, 2021 and 2020, the Utilities recognized approximately million, million and ) million, respectively, in interest expense. The Utilities had million and million of interest accrued as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 As of December 31, 2022, the disclosures above present the Company s and the Utilities accruals for potential tax liabilities, which involve management s judgment regarding the likelihood of the benefits being sustained under governmental review. While the Company and the Utilities currently do not expect material changes to occur in the next twelve months, the Company and the Utilities are generally unable to estimate the range of impacts on the balance of uncertain tax positions or the impact on the effective tax rate from the resolution of these issues until the Internal Revenue Service addresses them in the current examination process, and therefore, it is possible that the amount of unrecognized benefit with respect to the Company s and the Utilities uncertain tax positions could increase or decrease within the next 12 months. The final resolution of uncertain tax positions could result in adjustments to recorded amounts. 
 Based on information currently available, the Company and the Utilities believe these accruals have adequately provided for potential income tax issues with federal and state tax authorities, and that the ultimate resolution of tax issues for all open tax periods will not have a material adverse effect on its results of operations, financial condition or liquidity. 
 The statute of limitations for IRS examinations has expired for years prior to 2017. The Company is currently under IRS examination for the tax years 2017 and 2018. In the fourth quarter of 2020, the Company and the Hawaii Department of Taxation agreed to a final assessment of tax liabilities for the years 2011 through 2018, however, the statute of limitations for Hawaii remains open for tax years 2017 and subsequent. 
 Tax developments. The Inflation Reduction Act of 2022 (IRA) was signed by President Biden on August 16, 2022. Key provisions under the IRA include a 15 corporate alternative minimum tax (CAMT) imposed on certain large corporations and a 1 excise tax on stock repurchases after December 31, 2022. Based on current interpretation of the law and current guidance available we do not believe HEI will be impacted by the CAMT or stock repurchase excise tax provisions. 
 The IRA also creates new tax credits and enhances others to stimulate investment in renewable energy sources. Certain provisions of the IRA will become effective beginning tax year 2023. The Company continues to monitor guidance and assess related tax planning opportunities. 

176 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued) 

 Income taxes paid (net of refundable credits) Income taxes refunded (including refundable credits) Hawaiian Electric consolidated Interest paid to non-affiliates, net of amounts capitalized Income taxes paid (net of refundable credits) Income taxes refunded (including refundable credits) Supplemental disclosures of noncash activities HEI consolidated Property, plant and equipment-Unpaid invoices and accruals for capital expenditures, balance, end of period (investing) Loans transferred from held for investment to held for sale (investing) Real estate transferred from property, plant and equipment to other assets held-for-sale (investing) 
 Right-of-use assets obtained in exchange for operating lease obligations (investing) Property, plant, equipment and other assets received in exchange for the assumption of debt associated with a business acquisition (investing) Debt, lease liabilities and other liabilities assumed in business acquisition (financing) Common stock issued (gross) for director and executive/management compensation (financing) 1 
 Obligations to fund low income housing investments, net (investing) Transfer of securities from available for sale to held to maturities (investing) Hawaiian Electric consolidated Electric utility property, plant and equipment-Unpaid invoices and accruals for capital expenditures, balance, end of period (investing) Right-of-use assets obtained in exchange for operating lease obligations (investing) HEI Consolidated and Hawaiian Electric consolidated Electric utility property, plant and equipment Estimated fair value of noncash contributions in aid of construction (investing) Increase related to an acquisition (investing) Right-of-use assets obtained in exchange for finance lease obligations (financing) Reduction of long-term debt from funds previously transferred for repayment (financing) 
 1 The amounts shown represent the market value of common stock issued for director and executive/management compensation and withheld to satisfy statutory tax liabilities. 

of the total capitalization of the electric utilities (including the current maturities of long-term debt, but excluding short-term borrowings), the electric utility subsidiaries would, absent PUC approval, be restricted in their payment of cash dividends to of the earnings available for the payment of dividends in the current fiscal year and preceding five years, less the amount of dividends paid during that period. The PUC Agreement also provides that the foregoing dividend restriction shall not be construed as relinquishing any right the PUC may have to review the dividend policies of the electric utility subsidiaries. As of December 31, 2022, the consolidated common stock equity of HEI s electric utility subsidiaries was of their total capitalization (as calculated for purposes of the PUC Agreement). As of December 31, 2022, 
 177 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued) 

 billion of which approximately million was not available for transfer to HEI in the form of dividends, loans or advances without regulatory approval. 
 The ability of ASB to make capital distributions to HEI and other affiliates is restricted under federal law. Subject to a limited exception for stock redemptions that do not result in any decrease in ASB s capital and would improve ASB s financial condition, ASB is prohibited from declaring any dividends, making any other capital distributions, or paying a management fee to a controlling person if, following the distribution or payment, ASB would be deemed to be undercapitalized, significantly undercapitalized or critically undercapitalized. ASB is required to notify the FRB and OCC prior to making any capital distribution (including dividends) to HEI (through ASB Hawaii). All dividends are subject to review by the OCC and FRB and receipt of a letter from the FRB communicating the agencies non-objection to the payment of any dividend ASB proposes to declare and pay to ASB Hawaii and HEI. Generally, the FRB and OCC may disapprove or deny ASB s request to make a capital distribution if the proposed distribution will cause ASB to become undercapitalized, or the proposed distribution raises safety and soundness concerns, or the proposed distribution violates a prohibition contained in any statute, regulation or agreement between ASB and the OCC. As of December 31, 2022, ASB could transfer approximately million of net assets to HEI and maintain its well-capitalized position. 
 HEI and its subsidiaries are also subject to debt covenants, preferred stock resolutions and the terms of guarantees that could limit their respective abilities to pay dividends. The Company does not expect that the regulatory and contractual restrictions applicable to HEI and/or its subsidiaries will significantly affect the operations of HEI or its ability to pay dividends on its common stock. 

at origination. 
 Pacific Current s investments are in projects located in the State of Hawaii since its strategy is focused on investing in non-regulated renewable energy and sustainable infrastructure in the State of Hawaii. 
 
 178 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued) 

 179 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued) 

 180 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued) 

 Held-to-maturity investment securities 
 Loans, net Mortgage servicing rights Derivative assets Financial liabilities HEI consolidated Deposit liabilities Short-term borrowings other than bank Other bank borrowings Long-term debt, net other than bank Derivative liabilities 
 Hawaiian Electric consolidated Short-term borrowings 
 Long-term debt, net 
 December 31, 2021 Financial assets HEI consolidated Available-for-sale investment securities 
 Held-to-maturity investment securities 
 Loans, net Mortgage servicing rights Derivative assets Financial liabilities HEI consolidated Deposit liabilities Short-term borrowings other than bank Other bank borrowings Long-term debt, net other than bank Derivative liabilities Hawaiian Electric consolidated Long-term debt, net 
 
 181 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued) 

U.S. Treasury and federal agency obligations Corporate bonds Mortgage revenue bonds Derivative assets Interest rate lock commitments (bank segment) 1 
 Forward commitments (bank segment) 1 
 Interest rate swap (Other segment) 2 
 Derivative liabilities Interest rate lock commitments (bank segment) 1 
 Forward commitments (bank segment) 1 
 Interest rate swap (Other segment) 2 
 
 1 Derivatives are carried at fair value in other assets or other liabilities in the balance sheets with changes in value included in mortgage banking income. 
 2 Derivatives are included in other assets and other liabilities in the balance sheets. 
 There were no transfers of financial assets and liabilities between Level 1 and Level 2 of the fair value hierarchy during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 
 Principal payments received ) ) Purchases Unrealized gain (loss) included in other comprehensive income Balance, December 31 
 Mortgage revenue bonds are issued by the Department of Budget and Finance of the State of Hawaii. The Company estimates the fair value by using a discounted cash flow model to calculate the present value of estimated future principal and interest payments. The unobservable input used in the fair value measurement is the weighted average discount rate. As of December 31, 2022, the weighted average discount rate was which was derived by incorporating a credit spread over the one month LIBOR rate. Significant increases (decreases) in the weighted average discount rate could result in a significantly lower (higher) fair value measurement. 
 Fair value measurements on a nonrecurring basis. Certain assets and liabilities are measured at fair value on a nonrecurring basis and therefore are not included in the tables above. These measurements primarily result from assets carried at the lower of cost or fair value or from impairment of individual assets. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, there were no financial instruments measured at fair value on a nonrecurring basis. 
 For 2022 and 2021, there were no adjustments to fair value for ASB s loans held for sale. 
 
 182 

ITEM 9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE 
 HEI and Hawaiian Electric: None 
 
 ITEM 9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 
 HEI: 
 Conclusion Regarding the Effectiveness of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
 Scott W. H. Seu, HEI Chief Executive Officer (CEO), and Paul K. Ito, HEI Chief Financial Officer (CFO), have evaluated the disclosure controls and procedures of HEI as of December 31, 2022. Based on their evaluation, as of December 31, 2022, they have concluded that the disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended) were effective in ensuring that information required to be disclosed by HEI in reports HEI files or submits under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934: 
 (1) is recorded, processed, summarized, and reported within the time periods specified in the Securities and Exchange Commission rules and forms, and 
 (2) is accumulated and communicated to HEI management, including HEI s CEO and CFO, or persons performing similar functions, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 
 Management s Annual Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 Management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting, as such term is defined in Rule 13a-15(f) and Rule 15d-15(f) promulgated under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. The Company s internal control over financial reporting was designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. 
 Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 
 Management conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022 based on criteria established in Internal Control - Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO). Based on this evaluation, management has concluded that the Company s internal control over financial reporting was effective as of December 31, 2022. 
 The effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022 has been audited by Deloitte Touche LLP, an independent registered public accounting firm, as stated in its report which appears herein. 
 Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 There have been no changes in internal control over financial reporting during the quarter ended December 31, 2022 that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, the Company s internal control over financial reporting. 
 Hawaiian Electric: 
 Conclusion Regarding the Effectiveness of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
 Shelee M. T. Kimura, Hawaiian Electric CEO, and Tayne S. Y. Sekimura, Hawaiian Electric CFO, have evaluated the disclosure controls and procedures of Hawaiian Electric as of December 31, 2022. Based on their evaluation, as of December 31, 2022, they have concluded that the disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended) were effective in ensuring that information required to be disclosed by Hawaiian Electric in reports Hawaiian Electric files or submits under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934: 
 (1) is recorded, processed, summarized, and reported within the time periods specified in the Securities and Exchange Commission rules and forms, and 
 (2) is accumulated and communicated to Hawaiian Electric management, including Hawaiian Electric s CEO and CFO, or persons performing similar functions, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 
 183 

Management s Annual Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 Management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting, as such term is defined in Rule 13a-15(f) and Rule 15d-15(f) promulgated under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. Hawaiian Electric s internal control over financial reporting was designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. 
 Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 
 Management conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of Hawaiian Electric s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022 based on criteria established in Internal Control - Integrated Framework (2013) issued by COSO. Based on this evaluation, management has concluded that Hawaiian Electric s internal control over financial reporting was effective as of December 31, 2022. 
 Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 There have been no changes in internal control over financial reporting during the quarter ended December 31, 2022 that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, Hawaiian Electric s internal control over financial reporting. 

ITEM 9B. OTHER INFORMATION 
 HEI and Hawaiian Electric: None 

ITEM 9C. DISCLOSURE REGARDING FOREIGN JURISDICTIONS THAT PREVENT INSPECTIONS 
 HEI and Hawaiian Electric: None 

PART III 
 
 ITEM 10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 
 HEI: 
 Information regarding HEI s executive officers is provided in the Information about our Executive Officers section following Item 4 of this report. 
 The remaining information required by this Item 10 for HEI is incorporated herein by reference to the following sections in HEI s 2023 Proxy Statement: 
 Director Nominees for Election 
 Continuing Directors 
 Committees of the Board (portions regarding whether HEI has an audit risk committee and identifying its members; no other portion of the Committees of the Board section is incorporated herein by reference) 
 Audit Risk Committee Report (portion identifying audit risk committee financial experts who serve on the HEI Audit Risk Committee only; no other portion of the Audit Risk Committee Report is incorporated herein by reference) 
 
 184 

Family relationships; director arrangements 
 There are no family relationships between any HEI director or director nominee and any other HEI director or director nominee or any HEI executive officer. There are no arrangements or understandings between any HEI director or director nominee and any other person pursuant to which such director or director nominee was selected. Information required to be reported under this caption is incorporated herein by reference to the Other relationships and related person transactions section in HEI s 2023 Proxy Statement. 
 Delinquent Section 16(a) reports 
 Information required to be reported under this caption is incorporated herein by reference to the Delinquent Section 16(a) Reports section in HEI s 2023 Proxy Statement. 
 Code of Conduct 
 HEI has a Corporate Code of Conduct that includes a code of ethics applicable to, among others, its principal executive officer, principal financial officer and principal accounting officer. The Corporate Code of Conduct is available on HEI s website at www.hei.com. HEI intends to disclose the information required by Form 8-K, Item 5.05, Amendments to the Registrant s Code of Ethics, or Waiver of a Provision of the Code of Ethics, through this website and such information will remain available on this website for at least a 12-month period. 
 Hawaiian Electric: 
 The information required by this Item 10 for Hawaiian Electric is incorporated herein by reference to pages 1 to 6 of Hawaiian Electric Exhibit 99.1. 
 
 ITEM 11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 
 HEI: 
 The information required by this Item 11 for HEI is incorporated herein by reference to the information relating to executive and director compensation in HEI s 2023 Proxy Statement. 
 Hawaiian Electric: 
 The information required by this Item 11 for Hawaiian Electric is incorporated herein by reference to: 
 Pages 7 to 35 of Hawaiian Electric Exhibit 99.1 to this Form 10-K; 
 The discussion of 2021-23 Long-Term Incentive Plan at pages 17 to 18 of Hawaiian Electric s Exhibit 99.1 to Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2021; and 
 Information concerning compensation paid to directors of Hawaiian Electric who are also directors of HEI under the section of HEI s 2023 Proxy Statement entitled, Director Compensation. 
 
 COMPENSATION HUMAN CAPITAL MANAGEMENT COMMITTEE INTERLOCKS AND INSIDER PARTICIPATION 
 HEI: 
 The information required to be reported under this caption for HEI is incorporated herein by reference to the Compensation Human Capital Management Interlocks and Insider Participation section in HEI s 2023 Proxy Statement. 
 Hawaiian Electric: 
 The information required to be reported under this caption for Hawaiian Electric is incorporated herein by reference to page 23 of Hawaiian Electric Exhibit 99.1. 
 
 185 

ITEM 12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS 
 HEI: 
 SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS 
 The information required by this Item 12 for HEI is incorporated herein by reference to the Stock Ownership Information-Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners section in HEI s 2023 Proxy Statement. 
 Equity Compensation Plan Information 
 Information as of December 31, 2022 about HEI Common Stock that may be issued under all of the Company s equity compensation plans was as follows: 
 Plan category (a) Number of securities to be issued upon exercise of outstanding options, warrants and rights (1) (b) Weighted-average exercise price of outstanding options, warrants and rights (c) Number of securities remaining available for future issuance under equity compensation plans (excluding securities reflected in column (a)) (2) Equity compensation plans approved by shareholders 514,181 2,454,293 Equity compensation plans not approved by shareholders 
 Total 514,181 2,454,293 
 (1) This column includes the number of shares of HEI Common Stock which may be issued under the HEI 2010 Equity and Incentive Plan, as amended (EIP) on account of awards outstanding as of December 31, 2022, including: 
 EIP 125,391 Restricted stock units plus estimated compounded dividend equivalents (if applicable) 388,790 Shares to be issued in February 2023, 2024 and 2025 under the 2020-22, 2021-23 and 2022-24 LTIPs, respectively, plus compounded dividend equivalents 
 514,181 
 Under the EIP as of December 31, 2022, RSUs count as one share against shares available for issuance less estimated shares withheld for taxes under net share settlement, which again become available for the issuance of new shares on a one-to-one basis. 
 For shares to be issued in February 2024 and 2025 under the 2021-23 and 2022-24 LTIPs, respectively, the number of shares to be issued assumes that applicable performance goals are achieved and shares are issued at maximum levels, reduced by the estimated number of shares withheld for taxes. 
 (2) This represents the number of shares available as of December 31, 2022 for future awards, including 2,245,666 shares available for future awards under the EIP and 208,627 shares available for future awards under the 2011 Nonemployee Director Plan. 
 
 Hawaiian Electric: 
 The information required by this Item 12 for Hawaiian Electric is incorporated herein by reference to pages 35 to 36 of Hawaiian Electric Exhibit 99.1. 
 
 ITEM 13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 
 HEI: 
 The information required by this Item 13 for HEI is incorporated herein by reference to the sections relating to related person transactions and director independence in HEI s 2023 Proxy Statement. 
 Hawaiian Electric: 
 The information required by this Item 13 for Hawaiian Electric is incorporated herein by reference to pages 36 to 37 of Hawaiian Electric Exhibit 99.1. 
 186 

ITEM 14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING FEES AND SERVICES 
 HEI: 
 The information required by this Item 14 for HEI is incorporated herein by reference to the relevant information in the Audit Risk Committee Report in HEI s 2023 Proxy Statement (but no other part of the Audit Risk Committee Report is incorporated herein by reference). 
 Hawaiian Electric: 
 The information required by this Item 14 for Hawaiian Electric is incorporated herein by reference to page 38 of Hawaiian Electric Exhibit 99.1. 
 
 PART IV 
 
 ITEM 15. EXHIBITS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES 
 (a)(1) Financial statements 
 See Item 8 for the Consolidated Financial Statements of HEI and Hawaiian Electric. 
 (a)(2) and (c) Financial statement schedules 
 The following financial statement schedules for HEI and Hawaiian Electric are included in this report on the pages indicated below: 
 Page/s in Form 10-K HEI Hawaiian Electric Schedule I Condensed Financial Information of Registrant, Hawaiian Electric Industries, Inc. (Parent Company) at December 31, 2022 and 2021 and for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 
 188 - 190 
 NA Schedule II Valuation and Qualifying Accounts, Hawaiian Electric Industries, Inc. and subsidiaries and Hawaiian Electric Company, Inc. and subsidiaries for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 
 192 
 192 
 NA Not applicable. 
 Certain schedules, other than those listed, are omitted because they are not required, or are not applicable, or the required information is shown in the Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 
 ITEM 16. FORM 10-K SUMMARY 
 HEI and Hawaiian Electric: None 
 187 

Hawaiian Electric Industries, Inc. 
 Accounts receivable Notes receivable from subsidiaries Property, plant and equipment, net Deferred income tax assets Other assets and intercompany receivables Investments in subsidiaries, at equity Total assets Liabilities and shareholders equity Liabilities Accounts payable Interest payable Commercial paper Short-term debt, net Long-term debt, net Retirement benefits liability Other Total liabilities Shareholders equity Preferred stock, no par value, authorized shares; issued: 
 Common stock, no par value, authorized shares; issued and outstanding: shares and shares at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively 
 Retained earnings Accumulated other comprehensive loss, net of tax benefits ) ) Total shareholders equity Total liabilities and shareholders equity 
 
 188 

Hawaiian Electric Industries, Inc. 
 Equity in net income of subsidiaries Expenses: Operating, administrative and general Depreciation of property, plant and equipment Taxes, other than income taxes Total expenses Income before interest expense and income tax benefits Retirement defined benefits credit (expense) other than service costs ) Interest expense Income before income tax benefits Income tax benefits Net income 
 
 HAWAIIAN ELECTRIC INDUSTRIES, INC. (PARENT COMPANY) 
 STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME 
 STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN SHAREHOLDERS EQUITY 
 Incorporated by reference are HEI and Subsidiaries Statements of Consolidated Comprehensive Income and Consolidated Statements of Changes in Shareholders Equity in Part II, Item 8. 
 189 

Hawaiian Electric Industries, Inc. 
 Cash flows from investing activities Increase in note receivable from subsidiary ) Decrease in note receivable from subsidiary Capital expenditures ) ) ) Investments in subsidiaries ) ) ) Other Net cash used in investing activities ) ) ) Cash flows from financing activities Net decrease in short-term borrowings with original maturities of three months or less ) ) ) Proceeds from issuance of short-term debt Repayment of short-term debt ) ) Proceeds from issuance of long-term debt Repayment of long-term debt ) ) Proceeds from issuance of syndicated credit facility Repayment of syndicated credit facility ) Withheld shares for employee taxes on vested share-based compensation ) ) ) Common stock dividends ) ) ) Other ) ) ) Net cash used in financing activities ) ) ) Net increase (decrease) in cash and equivalents ) Cash and cash equivalents, January 1 Cash and cash equivalents, December 31 
 190 

term loan, paid in 2022 
 HEI senior notes, due 2023 
 HEI senior notes, due 2025 
 HEI senior notes, due 2028 
 HEI senior notes, due 2028 
 HEI senior notes, due 2028 
 HEI senior notes, due 2030 
 HEI senior notes, due 2031 
 HEI senior notes, due 2031 
 HEI senior notes, due 2032 
 HEI senior notes, due 2032 
 HEI senior notes, due 2034 
 HEI senior notes, due 2051 
 HEI senior notes, due 2052 
 Less unamortized debt issuance costs ) ) Long-term debt, net 
 
 The aggregate payments of principal required within five years after December 31, 2022 on long-term debt are million in 2023, in 2024, million in 2025, in 2026, for 2027, and million thereafter. 
 Income taxes 
 The Company s financial reporting policy for income tax allocations is based upon a separate entity concept whereby each subsidiary provides income tax expense (or benefits) as if each were a separate taxable entity. The difference between the aggregate separate tax return income tax provisions and the consolidated financial reporting income tax provision is charged or credited to HEI s separate tax provision. 
 Dividends from HEI subsidiaries 
 In 2022, 2021 and 2020, cash dividends received from subsidiaries were million, million and million, respectively. 
 Supplemental disclosures of noncash activities 
 In 2022, 2021 and 2020, million, million and million, respectively, of HEI accounts receivable from ASB Hawaii were reduced with a corresponding reduction in HEI notes payable to ASB Hawaii in noncash transactions. 
 In 2022, 2021 and 2020, million, million and million, respectively, were contributed as equity by HEI into ASB Hawaii with a corresponding increase in HEI notes payable to ASB Hawaii in noncash transactions. 
 Under the HEI DRIP, common stock dividends reinvested by shareholders in HEI common stock in noncash transactions was immaterial for 2022, 2021 and 2020 as HEI satisfied the share purchase requirements of the DRIP in 2022, 2021 and 2020 through open market purchases of its common stock rather than new issuances. 
 
 191 

Hawaiian Electric Industries, Inc. and subsidiaries 
 and Hawaiian Electric Company, Inc. and subsidiaries 
 ) (a) (b) 2021 Allowance for uncollectible accounts electric utility (a) (b) 2020 Allowance for uncollectible accounts electric utility (a) (b) 
 (a) Includes recoveries, of recoveries from previous deferred bad debt expense for 2022 as well as and of bad debt expenses for 2021 and 2020, respectively, that have been deferred to regulatory assets pursuant to a PUC order as the recovery is probable. Total deferred bad debt expense of in 2021 is net of a reversal associated with customer bill credits to be provided under the Utilities bill forgiveness program. 
 (b) Bad debts charged off. 

192 

(a)(3) and (b) Exhibits 
 The exhibits listed for HEI and Hawaiian Electric are listed in the index under the headings HEI and Hawaiian Electric, respectively, except that the exhibits listed under Hawaiian Electric are also exhibits for HEI. 
 
 EXHIBIT INDEX 
 The exhibits designated by an asterisk ) are filed herewith. The exhibits not so designated are incorporated by reference to the indicated filing. 
 Exhibit no. Description Form File Number Exhibit # Filing date HEI: 3(i) HEI s Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation effective June 2, 2020. 
 10-Q 1-8503 3.1 8/6/20 3(ii) HEI s Amended and Restated Bylaws effective N ovember 3 , 202 2 . 
 8-K 1-8503 3 11/7/22 4 Description of HEI Common Stock 
 10-K 1-8503 4 2/28/20 4.1 Agreement to provide the SEC with instruments which define the rights of holders of certain long-term debt of HEI and its subsidiaries. 
 10-Q 1-8503 4.1 5/9/22 4.2 Master Note Purchase Agreement among HEI and the Purchasers thereto, dated March 24, 2011. 
 8-K 1-8503 4(a) 3/28/11 4.2(a) First Supplement to Note Purchase Agreement among HEI and the Purchasers thereto, dated March 6, 2013. 
 8-K 1-8503 4(a) 3/6/13 4.3 Hawaiian Electric Industries Retirement Savings Plan, restatement effective October 6, 2022. 
 4.4 Master Trust Agreement dated as of September 4, 2012 between HEI and ASB and Fidelity Management Trust Company, as Trustee 
 10-Q 1-8503 4 11/8/12 4.4(a) Letter Amendment effective November 28, 2012 to Master Trust Agreement dated as of September 4, 2012 between HEI and ASB and Fidelity Management Trust Company. 
 10-K 1-8503 4.6(a) 2/19/13 4.4(b) Letter Amendment effective October 1, 2014 to Master Trust Agreement dated as of September 4, 2012 between HEI and ASB and Fidelity Management Trust Company. 
 10-Q 1-8503 4 11/6/14 4.4(c) First Amendment effective March 1, 2015 to Master Trust Agreement (dated as of September 4, 2012) between HEI and ASB and Fidelity Management Trust Company. 
 10-Q 1-8503 4 5/6/15 4.4(d) Letter Amendment effective August 3, 2015 to Master Trust Agreement (dated as of September 4, 2012) between HEI and ASB and Fidelity Management Trust Company. 
 10-K 1-8503 4.4(d) 3/1/18 4.4(e) Letter Amendment effective August 15, 2017 to Master Trust Agreement (dated September 4, 2012) between HEI and ASB and Fidelity Management Trust Company. 
 10-Q 1-8503 4 11/2/17 4.4(f) Second Amendment effective January 1, 2018 to Master Trust Agreement (dated September 4, 2012) between HEI and ASB and Fidelity Management Trust Company. 
 10-K 1-8503 4.4(f) 3/1/18 4.4(g) Letter of Direction effective January 2, 2018 to Master Trust Agreement (dated September 4, 2012) between HEI and ASB and Fidelity Management Trust Company. 
 10-K 1-8503 4.4(g) 3/1/18 4.4(h) Third Amendment effective July 1, 2018 to Master Trust Agreement (dated September 4, 2012) between HEI and ASB and Fidelity Management Trust Company. 
 10-Q 1-8503 4 8/3/18 4.4(i) Fourth Amendment effective June 26, 2019 to Master Trust Agreement (dated September 4, 2012) between HEI and ASB and Fidelity Management Trust Company. 
 S-8 333- 232360 4.15 6/26/19 4.4(j) Letter Amendment effective November 1, 2019 to Master Trust Agreement (dated September 4, 2012) between HEI and ASB and Fidelity Management Trust Company. 
 10-K 1-8503 4.4(j) 2/28/20 4.4(k) Fifth Amendment effective March 1, 2020 to Master Trust Agreement (dated September 4, 2012) between HEI and ASB and Fidelity Management Trust Company 
 10-Q 1-8503 4.2 5/5/20 4.4(l) Letter Amendment effective October 15, 2021 to Master Trust Agreement (dated September 4, 2012) between HEI and ASB and Fidelity Management Trust Company 
 10-Q 1-8503 4 11/5/21 
 193 

Exhibit no. Description Form File Number Exhibit # Filing date 4.4(m) Letter Amendment effective November 1, 2022 to Master Trust Agreement (dated September 4, 2012) between HEI and ASB and Fidelity Management Trust Company. 
 10-Q 1-8503 4 11/7/22 4.4(n) Letter Amendment effective January 1, 2023 to Master Trust Agreement (dated September 4, 2012) between HEI and ASB and Fidelity Management Trust Company. 
 4.5 Hawaiian Electric Industries, Inc. Dividend Reinvestment and Stock Purchase Plan, as amended and restated, effective November 3, 2022 . 
 S-3 333- 268339 4.3 11/14/22 4.6 American Savings Bank 401(k) Plan, restatement effective January 1, 2013. 
 10-K 1-8503 4.8 2/19/13 4.6(a) Amendment 2013-1 to the American Savings Bank 401(k) Plan, effective January 1, 2014. 
 10-K 1-8503 4.7(a) 2/23/16 4.6(b) Amendment 2019-1 to the American Savings Bank 401(k) Plan, effective as of May 6, 2019 . 
 S-8 333- 232361 4.5 6/26/19 4.6(c) Amendment 2020-1 to the American Savings Bank 401(k) Plan, effective as of January 1, 2020. 
 10-K 1-8503 4.1 2/28/20 4.6(d) Amendment 2021-1 to the American Savings Bank 401(k) Plan, executed on of October 4, 2021. 
 4.6(e) Amendment 2022-1 to the American Savings Bank 401(k) Plan, e xecuted on June 8, 2022. 
 4.6(f) Amendment 2022-2 to the American Savings Bank 401(k) Plan, executed on December 5, 202 2 . 
 4.6(g) Amendment 2023-1 to the American Savings Bank 401(k) Plan, executed on January 12, 2023. 
 10.1 Conditions for the Merger and Corporate Restructuring of Hawaiian Electric Company, Inc. dated September 23, 1982. 
 10-K 1-8503 10.1 2/28/07 10.2 Regulatory Capital Maintenance/Dividend Agreement dated May 26, 1988, between HEI, HEIDI and the Federal Savings and Loan Insurance Corporation (by the Federal Home Loan Bank of Seattle). 
 8-K 1-8503 10.2 5/9/22 10.3 OTS letter regarding release from Part II.B. of the Regulatory Capital Maintenance/Dividend Agreement dated May 26, 1988. 
 10-K 1-8503 10.3 5/9/22 HEI Exhibits 10.4 through 10.21 are management contracts or compensatory plans or arrangements required to be filed as exhibits pursuant to Item 15(b) of this report. HEI Exhibits 10.4 through 10.18 are also management contracts or compensatory plans or arrangements with Hawaiian Electric participants. 10.4 HEI Executive Incentive Compensation Plan amended as of February 4, 2013. 
 10-K 1-8503 10.4 2/19/13 10.5 HEI Executives Deferred Compensation Plan amended and restated effective January 1, 2019. 
 10-K 1-8503 10.5 2/28/19 10.6 Hawaiian Electric Industries, Inc. 2010 Equity and Incentive Plan, as amended and restated November 16, 2010. 
 10-K 1-8503 10.6 2/18/11 10.7 Hawaiian Electric Industries, Inc. 2010 Equity and Incentive Plan, as amended and restated February 14, 2014. 
 Proxy (DEF 14A) 1-8503 Appendix D 3/25/14 10.7(a) Form of Non-Qualified Stock Option Agreement pursuant to 2010 Equity and Incentive Plan. 
 S-8 333- 166737 4.4 5/11/10 10.7(b) Form of Stock Appreciation Right Agreement pursuant to 2010 Equity and Incentive Plan. 
 S-8 333- 166737 4.5 5/11/10 10.7(c) Form of Restricted Shares Agreement pursuant to 2010 Equity and Incentive Plan. 
 S-8 333- 166737 4.6 5/11/10 10.7(d) Form of Performance Shares Agreement pursuant to 2010 Equity and Incentive Plan. 
 S-8 333- 166737 4.7 5/11/10 10.7(e) Form of Restricted Stock Unit Agreement, pursuant to 2010 Equity and Incentive Plan, as amended and restated February 5, 2021 . 
 10-Q 1-8503 10 5/10/21 10.8 HEI Long-Term Incentive Plan amended and restated as of February 5, 2021. 
 10-K 1-8503 10.8 2/26/21 10.9 HEI Supplemental Executive Retirement Plan amended and restated as of January 1, 2009. 
 10-Q 1-8503 10.3 11/5/08 10.9(a) Amendments to the HEI Supplemental Executive Retirement Plan Freezing Benefit Accruals Effective December 31, 2008. 
 10-K 1-8503 10.9(a) 2/27/09 10.10 HEI Excess Pay Plan amended and restated as of January 1, 2009. 
 10-K 1-8503 10.10 2/27/09 
 194 

Exhibit no. Description Form File Number Exhibit # Filing date 10.10(a) HEI Excess Pay Plan Addendum for Constance H. Lau. 
 10-K 1-8503 10.10(a) 2/27/09 10.10(b) Amendment No. 1 dated December 13, 2010 to January 1, 2009 Restatement of HEI Excess Pay Plan. 
 10-K 1-8503 10.10(c) 2/19/13 10.11 Form of Change in Control Agreement. 
 10-K 1-8503 10.11 2/27/09 10.12 Nonemployee Director Retirement Plan, effective as of October 1, 1989. 
 10-K 1-8503 10.12 5/9/22 10.13 HEI 2011 Nonemployee Director Stock Plan, as amended effective October 31, 2019. 
 10-K 1-8503 10.13 2/28/20 10.14 HEI Non-Employee Directors Deferred Compensation Plan. 
 10-Q 1-8503 10.5 11/5/08 10.15 Executive Death Benefit Plan of HEI and Participating Subsidiaries restatement effective as of January 1, 2009. 
 10-Q 1-8503 10.6 11/5/08 10.15(a) Resolution of the Compensation Committee of the Board of Directors of Hawaiian Electric Industries, Inc. Re: Adoption of Amendment No. 1 to January 1, 2009 Restatement of the Executive Death Benefit Plan. 
 10-Q 1-8503 10.1 11/2/09 10.16 Amended and Restated Severance Pay Plan for Management Employees of Hawaiian Electric Industries, Inc. and Executive Employees of Affiliates, effective as of April 2, 2018. 
 10-Q 1-8503 10 8/3/18 10.17 Hawaiian Electric Industries, Inc. Executives Deferred Compensation Plan effective on January 1, 2009. 
 10-Q 1-8503 10.2 11/5/08 10.18 Form of Indemnity Agreement (HEI, Hawaiian Electric and ASB with their respective directors and HEI with certain of its senior officers). 
 10-Q 1-8503 10.1 11/8/12 10.19 American Savings Bank Select Deferred Compensation Plan (Restatement Effective January 1, 2009). 
 10-Q 1-8503 10.7 11/5/08 10.19(a) Amendment No. 1 to January 1, 2009 Restatement of American Savings Bank Select Deferred Compensation Plan dated December 30, 2009. 
 10-K 1-8503 10.20(a) 2/23/16 10.19(b) Amendment No. 2 to January 1, 2009 Restatement of American Savings Bank Select Deferred Compensation Plan dated December 29, 2010. 
 10-K 1-8503 10.20(b) 2/23/16 10.19(c) Amendment No. 3 to January 1, 2009 Restatement of American Savings Bank Select Deferred Compensation Plan dated December 3, 2014. 
 10-K 1-8503 10.20(c) 2/23/16 10.19(d) Amendment No. 4 to January 1, 2009 Restatement of American Savings Bank Select Deferred Compensation Plan dated December 4, 2017. 
 10-K 1-8503 10.20(d) 3/1/18 10.19(e) Amendment No. 5 to January 1, 2009 Restatement of American Savings Bank Select Deferred Compensation Plan dated December 5, 2018. 
 10-K 1-8503 10.20(e) 2/28/20 10.19(e) Amendment No. 6 to January 1, 2009 Restatement of American Savings Bank Select Deferred Compensation Plan dated December 5, 2022. 
 10.20 American Savings Bank Supplemental Executive Retirement, Disability, and Death Benefit Plan, effective January 1, 2009. 
 10-Q 1-8503 10.8 11/5/08 10.20(a) Amendments to the American Savings Bank Supplemental Executive Retirement, Disability, and Death Benefit Plan Freezing Benefit Accruals Effective December 31, 2008. 
 10-K 1-8503 10.19(b) 2/27/09 10.21 Executive Separation and Release Agreement dated as of May 5, 2021 between Richard F. Wacker, American Savings Bank, F.S.B., and Hawaiian Electric Industries, Inc. 
 10-Q 1-8503 10.1 8/9/21 10.22 Third Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, dated as of May 14, 2021, among Hawaiian Electric Industries, Inc., as Borrower, the Lenders Party Hereto, and Bank of America, N.A. and U.S. Bank National Association, as Co-Syndication Agents, and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, MUFG Union Bank, N.A., Barclays Bank PLC, Bank of Hawaii and The Toronto-Dominion Bank, New York Branch, as Co-Documentation Agents, and JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as Administrative Agent, Swingline Lender and Issuing Bank, and JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. and Bank of America, N.A. as Sustainability Structuring Agents and JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., BofA Securities, Inc. and U.S. Bank National Association, as Joint Lead Arrangers and Joint Book Runners. 
 10-Q 1-8503 10.2 8/9/21 21.1 HEI - Subsidiaries of the Registrant. 
 23.1 Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (Deloitte Touche LLP). 
 31.1 Certification Pursuant to Section 13a-14 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 of Scott W. H. Seu (HEI Chief Executive Officer). 
 31.2 Certification Pursuant to Section 13a-14 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 of Paul K. Ito (HEI Chief Financial Officer). 
 
 195 

Exhibit no. Description Form File Number Exhibit # Filing date 32.1 HEI Certification Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350. 
 101.INS XBRL Instance Document. 101.SCH XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document. 101.CAL XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document. 101.DEF XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document. 101.LAB XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document. 101.PRE XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document. 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101). Hawaiian Electric: 3(i).1 Hawaiian Electric s Certificate of Amendment of Articles of Incorporation. 10-K 1-4955 3.1 3/31/89 3(i).2 Articles of Amendment to Hawaiian Electric s Amended Articles of Incorporation. 10-K 1-4955 3.1(b) 3/27/90 3(i).3 Articles of Amendment to Hawaiian Electric s Amended Articles of Incorporation. 10-K 1-4955 3(i).4 3/23/99 3(i).4 Articles of Amendment amending Article V of Hawaiian Electric s Amended Articles of Incorporation effective August 6, 2009. 
 10-Q 1-4955 3(i).4 8/7/09 3(ii) Hawaiian Electric s Amended and Restated Bylaws (as last amended August 6, 2010). 
 8-K 1-4955 3(ii) 8/9/10 4 Description of Hawaiian Electric s Preferred Stock 
 10-K 1-4955 4 2/28/20 4.1 Agreement to provide the SEC with instruments which define the rights of holders of certain long-term debt of Hawaiian Electric, Hawaii Electric Light and Maui Electric 
 10-K 1-4955 4.1 3/19/03 4.2 Note Purchase Agreement among Hawaiian Electric and the Purchasers that are parties thereto, dated April 19, 2012. 
 8-K 1-4955 4(a) 4/23/12 4.3 Note Purchase and Guaranty Agreement among Hawaiian Electric, Maui Electric and the Purchasers that are parties thereto, dated April 19, 2012. 
 8-K 1-4955 4(b) 4/23/12 4.4 Note Purchase and Guaranty Agreement among Hawaiian Electric, Hawaii Electric Light and the Purchasers that are parties thereto, dated April 19, 2012. 
 8-K 1-4955 4(c) 4/23/12 4.5 Note Purchase Agreement among Hawaiian Electric and the Purchasers that are parties thereto, dated September 13, 2012. 
 8-K 1-4955 4 9/14/12 4.6 Note Purchase Agreement among Hawaiian Electric Company, Inc. and the Purchasers that are parties thereto, dated as of October 3, 2013. 
 8-K 
 1-4955 
 4(a) 
 10/7/13 
 4.7 Note Purchase and Guaranty Agreement among Hawaiian Electric, Maui Electric Company, Limited and the Purchasers that are parties thereto, dated as of October 3, 2013. 
 8-K 1-4955 4(b) 10/7/13 4.8 Note Purchase and Guaranty Agreement among Hawaiian Electric, Hawaii Electric Light Company, Inc. and the Purchasers that are parties thereto, dated as of October 3, 2013. 
 10-Q 1-4955 4 11/7/13 4.9 Note Purchase Agreement among Hawaiian Electric Company, Inc. and the Purchasers that are parties thereto, dated as of October 15, 2015. 
 8-K 1-4955 4(a) 10/16/15 4.10 Note Purchase and Guaranty Agreement among Hawaiian Electric, Maui Electric Company, Limited and the Purchasers that are parties thereto, dated as of October 15, 2015. 
 8-K 1-4955 4(b) 10/16/15 4.11 Note Purchase and Guaranty Agreement among Hawaiian Electric, Hawaii Electric Light Company, Inc. and the Purchasers that are parties thereto, dated as of October 15, 2015. 
 8-K 1-4955 4(c) 10/16/15 4.12 Note Purchase Agreement among Hawaiian Electric Company, Inc. and the Purchasers that are parties thereto, dated as of December 15, 2016. 
 8-K 1-4955 4 12/19/16 10.1(a) Power Purchase Agreement between Kalaeloa Partners, L.P., and Hawaiian Electric dated October 14, 1988. 10-Q 1-4955 10(a) 11/14/88 10.1(b) Amendment No. 1 to Power Purchase Agreement between Hawaiian Electric and Kalaeloa Partners, L.P., dated June 15, 1989. 10-Q 1-4955 10(c) 8/14/89 10.1(c) Lease Agreement between Kalaeloa Partners, L.P., as Lessor, and Hawaiian Electric, as Lessee, dated February 27, 1989. 10-Q 1-4955 10(d) 8/14/89 
 196 

Exhibit no. Description Form File Number Exhibit # Filing date 10.1(d) Restated and Amended Amendment No. 2 to Power Purchase Agreement between Hawaiian Electric and Kalaeloa Partners, L.P., dated February 9, 1990. 10-K 1-4955 10.2(c) 3/27/90 10.1(e) Amendment No. 3 to Power Purchase Agreement between Hawaiian Electric and Kalaeloa Partners, L.P., dated December 10, 1991. 10-K 1-4955 10.2(e) 3/24/92 10.1(f) Amendment No. 4 to Power Purchase Agreement between Hawaiian Electric and Kalaeloa Partners, L.P., dated October 1, 1999. 
 10-Q 1-4955 10.1 11/8/00 10.1(g) Confirmation Agreement Concerning Section 5.2B(2) of Power Purchase Agreement and Amendment No. 5 to Power Purchase Agreement between Hawaiian Electric and Kalaeloa Partners, L.P., dated October 12, 2004. 
 10-Q 1-4955 10.3 11/5/04 10.1(h) Agreement for Increment Two Capacity and Amendment No. 6 to Power Purchase Agreement between Hawaiian Electric and Kalaeloa Partners, L.P., dated October 12, 2004. 
 10-Q 1-4955 10.4 11/5/04 10.1(i) Letter agreement dated July 28, 2016 and executed August 1, 2016 extending the term of the Power Purchase Agreement between Hawaiian Electric and Kalaeloa Partners, L.P., dated October 14, 1988 (as amended). 
 10-Q 1-4955 10 11/4/16 10.1(j) Amended and Restated Power Purchase Agreement between Hawaiian Electric and Kalaeloa Partners, L.P., dated October 29, 2021. 
 10-K 1-4955 10.1(j) 2/25/22 10.2(a) Purchase Power Contract between Hawaii Electric Light and Thermal Power Company dated March 24, 1986. 10-Q 1-4955 10(a) 8/14/89 10.2(b) Firm Capacity Amendment between Hawaii Electric Light and Puna Geothermal Venture (assignee of AMOR VIII, who is the assignee of Thermal Power Company) dated July 28, 1989 to Purchase Power Contract between Hawaii Electric Light and Thermal Power Company dated March 24, 1986. 10-Q 1-4955 10(b) 8/14/89 10.2(c) Amendment made in October 1993 to Purchase Power Contract between Hawaii Electric Light and Puna Geothermal Venture dated March 24, 1986, as amended. 10-K 1-4955 10.5(b) 3/27/98 10.2(d) Third Amendment dated March 7, 1995 to the Purchase Power Contract between Hawaii Electric Light and Puna Geothermal Venture dated March 24, 1986, as amended. 10-K 1-4955 10.5(c) 3/27/98 10.2(e) Performance Agreement and Fourth Amendment dated February 12, 1996 to the Purchase Power Contract between Hawaii Electric Light and Puna Geothermal Venture dated March 24, 1986, as amended. 10-K 1-4955 10.5(b) 3/25/96 10.2(f) Fifth Amendment dated February 7, 2011 to the Purchase Power Contract between Hawaii Electric Light and Puna Geothermal Venture dated March 24, 1986, as amended. 
 10-K 1-4955 10.4(f) 2/17/12 10.2(g) Power Purchase Agreement between Puna Geothermal Venture and Hawaii Electric Light dated February 7, 2011. 
 10-K 1-4955 10.4(g) 2/17/12 10.2(h) Amended and Restated Power Purchase Agreement between Puna Geothermal Venture and Hawaii Electric Light dated December 31, 2019 . 
 10-K 1-4955 10.3(h) 2/28/20 10.3(a) Power Purchase Agreement between Encogen Hawaii, L.P. and Hawaii Electric Light dated October 22, 1997 (but with the following attachments omitted: Attachment C, Selected portions of the North American Electric Reliability Council Generating Availability Data System Data Reporting Instructions dated October 1996 and Attachment E, Form of the Interconnection Agreement between Encogen Hawaii, L.P. and Hawaii Electric Light, which is provided in final form as Exhibit 10.6(b)). 10-K 1-4955 10.7 3/27/98 10.3(b) Interconnection Agreement between Encogen Hawaii, L.P. and Hawaii Electric Light dated October 22, 1997. 10-K 1-4955 10.7(a) 3/27/98 10.3(c) Amendment No. 1, executed on January 14, 1999, to Power Purchase Agreement between Encogen Hawaii, L.P. and Hawaii Electric Light dated October 22, 1997. 10-K 1-4955 10.7(b) 3/23/99 10.3(d) Notice and acknowledgment under power purchase agreement effective November 24, 2017 by Hamakua Energy, LLC and acknowledged by Hawaii Electric Light. 
 10-K 1-4955 10.4(d) 3/1/18 10.4 Supply Contract for Low Sulfur Fuel Oil, High Sulfur Fuel Oil, No. 2 Diesel, and Ultra-Low Sulfur Diesel by and between Hawaiian Electric, Hawaii Electric Light, and Maui Electric and PAR Hawaii Refining, LLC dated January 21, 2019 (certain confidential information has been omitted) 
 10-Q 1-4955 10 5/7/19 10.4(a) First Amendment dated June 9, 2020 to Supply Contract for Low Sulfur Fuel Oil, High Sulfur Fuel Oil, No. 2 Diesel, and Ultra-Low Sulfur Diesel by and between Hawaiian Electric, Hawaii Electric Light, and Maui Electric and PAR Hawaii Refining, LLC dated January 21, 2019 (certain confidential information has been omitted). 
 10-Q 1-4955 10 8/6/20 
 197 

Exhibit no. Description Form File Number Exhibit # Filing date 10.4(b) Second Amendment dated February 1, 2022 to Supply Contract for Low Sulfur Fuel Oil, High Sulfur Fuel Oil, No. 2 Diesel, and Ultra-Low Sulfur Diesel by and between Hawaiian Electric, Hawaii Electric Light, and Maui Electric and PAR Hawaii Refining, LLC dated January 21, 2019 (certain confidential information has been omitted). 
 10-Q 1-4955 10.4 5/9/22 10.5 Supply Contract for Low Sulfur Fuel Oil, High Sulfur Fuel Oil, No. 2 Diesel, and Ultra-Low Sulfur Diesel by and between Hawaiian Electric, Hawaii Electric Light, and Maui Electric and PAR Hawaii Refining, LLC dated February 1, 2022 (certain confidential information has been omitted) 
 10-Q 1-4955 10.1 5/9/22 10.6 Inter-Island Fuel Transportation Contract between Sause Bros., Inc. and Hawaiian Electric dated August 23, 2021 (certain confidential information has been omitted) 
 10-K 1-4955 10.6 2/25/22 10.7 Amended and Restated Power Purchase Agreement between Hawaiian Electric and Hu Honua Bioenergy, LLC dated May 9, 2017. 
 10-K 1-4955 10.11(a) 3/1/18 10.8 Third Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, dated as of May 14, 2021, among Hawaiian Electric Company, Inc., as Borrower, the Lenders Party Hereto, and Bank of America, N.A. and U.S. Bank National Association, as Co-Syndication Agents, and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, MUFG Union Bank, N.A., Barclays Bank PLC, Bank of Hawaii and The Toronto-Dominion Bank, New York Branch, as Co-Documentation Agents, and JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as Administrative Agent, Swingline Lender and Issuing Bank, and JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. and Bank of America, N.A. as Sustainability Structuring Agents and JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., BofA Securities, Inc. and U.S. Bank National Association, as Joint Lead Arrangers and Joint Book Runners. 
 10-Q 1-4955 10.3 8/9/21 21.2 Hawaiian Electric - Subsidiaries of the Registrant. 
 31.3 Certification Pursuant to Section 13a-14 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 of Shelee M. T. Kimura (Hawaiian Electric Chief Executive Officer). 
 31.4 Certification Pursuant to Section 13a-14 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 of Tayne S. Y. Sekimura (Hawaiian Electric Chief Financial Officer). 
 32.2 Hawaiian Electric Certification Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350. 
 99.1 Hawaiian Electric s Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance; Hawaiian Electric s Executive Compensation; Hawaiian Electric s Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters; Hawaiian Electric s Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence; and Hawaiian Electric s Principal Accounting Fees and Services. 
 
 Date of transmittal letter to SEC. 
 Schedules and exhibits have been omitted from this filing pursuant to Item 601(a) (5) of the Regulation S-K. We agree to furnish a copy of any omitted schedule or exhibit to the Securities and Exchange Commission upon request. 
 198 

SIGNATURES 
 Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrants have duly caused this report to be signed on their behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. The execution of this report by registrant Hawaiian Electric Company, Inc. shall be deemed to relate only to matters having reference to such registrant and its subsidiaries. HAWAIIAN ELECTRIC INDUSTRIES, INC. HAWAIIAN ELECTRIC COMPANY, INC. (Registrant) (Registrant) By /s/ Paul K. Ito By /s/ Tayne S. Y. Sekimura Paul K. Ito Tayne S. Y. Sekimura Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer Senior Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer and Treasurer (Principal Financial Officer of HEI) (Principal Financial Officer of Hawaiian Electric) Date: February 27, 2023 Date: February 27, 2023 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrants and in the capacities indicated on February 27, 2023. The execution of this report by each of the undersigned who signs this report solely in such person s capacity as a director or officer of Hawaiian Electric Company, Inc. shall be deemed to relate only to matters having reference to such registrant and its subsidiaries. 
 Signature Title /s/ Scott W. H. Seu President Chief Executive Officer of HEI and Scott W. H. Seu Director of HEI (Principal Executive Officer of HEI) /s/ Shelee M. T. Kimura President Chief Executive Officer of Hawaiian Electric Shelee M. T. Kimura and Director of Hawaiian Electric (Principal Executive Officer of Hawaiian Electric) /s/ Paul K. Ito Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Paul K. Ito Treasurer of HEI (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer of HEI) /s/ Tayne S. Y. Sekimura Senior Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer Tayne S. Y. Sekimura of Hawaiian Electric (Principal Financial Officer of Hawaiian Electric) /s/ Shannon K. Asato Controller of Hawaiian Electric Shannon K. Asato (Principal Accounting Officer of Hawaiian Electric) /s/ James A. Ajello Director of Hawaiian Electric James A. Ajello /s/ Kevin M. Burke Director of Hawaiian Electric Kevin M. Burke /s/ Celeste A. Connors Director of HEI Celeste A. Connors 
 199 

Signature Title /s/ Richard J. Dahl Director of HEI Richard J. Dahl /s/ Thomas B. Fargo Chair of the Board of Directors of HEI Thomas B. Fargo /s/ Elisia K. Flores Director of HEI Elisia K. Flores /s/ Peggy Y. Fowler Director of HEI Peggy Y. Fowler /s/ Timothy E. Johns Chair of the Board of Directors of Hawaiian Electric Timothy E. Johns /s/ Micah A. K ne 
 Director of HEI Micah A. K ne 
 /s/ Michael J. Kennedy Director of HEI Michael J. Kennedy /s/ Mary E. Kipp Director of Hawaiian Electric Mary E. Kipp /s/ Yoko Otani Director of HEI Yoko Otani /s/ Alana Kobayashi Pakkala Director of Hawaiian Electric Alana Kobayashi Pakkala /s/ Keith P. Russell Director of HEI Keith P. Russell /s/ William James Scilacci, Jr. Director of HEI William James Scilacci, Jr. /s/ Kelvin H. Taketa Director of Hawaiian Electric Kelvin H. Taketa /s/ Toby B. Taniguchi Director of Hawaiian Electric Toby B. Taniguchi 
 200 

<EX-4.3>
 2
 heiexhibit43.htm
 EX-4.3

Document 
 HEI Exhibit 4.3 

HAWAIIAN ELECTRIC INDUSTRIES RETIREMENT SAVINGS PLAN 
 
 (Restatement effective October 6, 2022) 

Table of Contents 
 PAGE 

 INTRODUCTION 
 1 
 DEFINITIONS 
 2 
 ARTICLE I PARTICIPATION 
 2 
 Section 1.1 Eligibility to Participate 
 2 
 Section 1.1.A Eligibility Rules for Regular Part-time Under Twenty (20) Hours Non-Bargaining Unit Employees 
 2 
 Section 1.2 Reemployment 
 5 
 Section 1.3 Duration of Participation 
 5 
 ARTICLE II CONTRIBUTIONS 
 6 
 Section 2.1 Salary Reduction Contributions 
 6 
 Section 2.2 Eligible Automatic Contribution Arrangement 
 8 
 Section 2.3 Roth Salary Reduction Contributions 
 11 
 Section 2.4 Matching Contributions for Participants First Employed by a Participating Employer After April 30, 2011 and Before January 1, 2022 (or Deemed To Be New Employees After April 30, 2011 and Before January 1, 2022, Under Section 1.2 of the HEI Retirement Plan) 
 13 
 Section 2.5 Non-Elective Contributions for Participants First Employed by a Participating Employer After December 31, 2021 (or Deemed To Be New Employees After December 31, 2021, Under Section 1.2 of the HEI Retirement Plan) 
 14 
 Section 2.6 Return of Contributions 
 14 
 Section 2.7 Rollover Contributions 
 15 
 Section 2.8 USERRA Rights of Participants Returning from Qualified Military Service 
 16 
 Section 2.9 Qualified Nonelective Contributions 
 16 
 ARTICLE III NONDISCRIMINATION RULES LIMITATIONS ON CONTRIBUTIONS 
 18 
 Section 3.1 Section 401(k) Nondiscrimination Rules 
 18 
 Section 3.2 Maximum Elective Deferrals 
 21 
 Section 3.3 Section 401(m) Nondiscrimination Rules 
 23 
 Section 3.4 Section 415 Limitations 
 25 
 
 i 

Table of Contents 
 PAGE 

 Section 3.5 Forfeiture of Matching Contributions 
 26 
 ARTICLE IV ACCOUNTING AND INVESTMENTS 
 28 
 Section 4.1 Assets To Be Held by Trustee 
 28 
 Section 4.2 Accounting and Expenses 
 28 
 Section 4.3 Investment of Accounts 
 30 
 Section 4.4 General Investment Powers of the PIC 
 34 
 Section 4.5 Plan Loans to Active Participants 
 35 
 ARTICLE V VESTING AND FORFEITURES 
 39 
 Section 5.1 Vesting 
 39 
 Section 5.2 Forfeitures 
 41 
 ARTICLE VI PAYMENT OF VESTED BENEFITS 
 43 
 Section 6.1 Severance from Employment 
 43 
 Section 6.2 Small Account Balances 
 43 
 Section 6.3 Statutory Commencement Date 
 43 
 Section 6.4 Forms of Benefit Following Severance from Employment 
 43 
 Section 6.5 Installment Option for HEISOP Subaccounts 
 44 
 Section 6.6 Periodic Payments of Minimum Distributions 
 45 
 Section 6.7 Death Benefits 
 45 
 Section 6.8 Required Minimum Distributions 
 46 
 Section 6.9 In-Service Withdrawals 
 51 
 Section 6.10 Qualified Domestic Relations Orders 
 53 
 Section 6.11 Eligible Rollover Distributions 
 54 
 Section 6.11.A Roth In-Plan Conversions 
 57 
 Section 6.12 Special Rules for Participants Called to Military Service 
 57 
 ARTICLE VII ADMIMSTRATION 
 59 
 
 ii 

Table of Contents 
 PAGE 

 Section 7.1 PIC, Administrative Committee, and Investment Committee 
 59 
 Section 7.2 Plan Administrator 
 60 
 Section 7.3 Trust Agreement 
 61 
 Section 7.4 Bonding 
 61 
 Section 7.5 Indemnification 
 61 
 ARTICLE VIII CLAIMS PROCEDURES 
 62 
 Section 8.1 Claims for Benefits 
 62 
 Section 8.2 Appeal 
 62 
 Section 8.3 Other Remedies 
 63 
 ARTICLE IX AMENDMENT, TERMINATION, AND MERGER 
 64 
 Section 9.1 Amendment 
 64 
 Section 9.2 Termination or Discontinuance 
 64 
 Section 9.3 Merger or Spinoff 
 64 
 ARTICLE X MISCELLANEOUS 
 66 
 Section 10.1 No Right to Employment 
 66 
 Section 10.2 Inalienability 
 66 
 Section 10.3 Facility of Payment 
 66 
 Section 10.4 Construction of Plan 
 66 
 Section 10.5 Benefits Payable From Trust 
 67 
 ARTICLE XI TOP-HEAVY RULES 
 68 
 Section 11.1 Determination of Top-Heavy Status 
 68 
 Section 11.2 Special Top-Heavy Rules 
 70 
 ARTICLE XII DEFINITIONS 
 72 
 ARTICLE XIII EXECUTION 
 78 
 
 iii 

INTRODUCTION 
 Hawaiian Electric Industries, Inc. (the Company established the Hawaiian Electric Industries Retirement Savings Plan (the Plan effective April 1, 1984, to enable the eligible employees of the Company and its participating subsidiaries to save for retirement on a tax-deferred basis. 
 The Plan document was restated effective January 1, 2008. On June 16, 2011, the Internal Revenue Service issued a favorable determination letter with respect to the 2008 Plan restatement. 
 The Plan was again restated, effective May 1, 2011, to (a) add a matching contribution and associated vesting schedule for participants who are first employed by a participating employer after April 30, 2011 (or who are deemed to be new employees after April 30, 2011, under Section 1.2 of the Retirement Plan for Employees of Hawaiian Electric Industries, Inc. and Participating Subsidiaries) and (b) designate Hawaiian Electric Industries, Inc., the corporate entity, as the Plan Administrator, as defined in the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended. 
 The Plan was again restated, effective January 1, 2013, to incorporate all amendments required by the 2011 Cumulative List of Changes in Plan Qualification Requirements, including amendments required to comply with the Pension Protection Act of 2006, the Heroes Earnings Assistance and Relief Tax Act of 2008 (the HEART Act ), and the Worker, Retiree, and Employer Recovery Act of 2008 WRERA ). 
 This restatement, which is effective January 1, 2022, incorporates all prior amendments, including to add a non-elective contribution and associated vesting schedule participants who are first employed by a participating employer after December 31, 2021 (or who are deemed to be new employees after December 31, 2021, under Section 1.2 of the Retirement Plan for Employees of Hawaiian Electric Industries, Inc. and Participating Subsidiaries). 
 The Plan is an individually designed, single-employer defined contribution retirement plan that covers both bargaining unit and non-bargaining unit employees. The Plan is intended to meet the tax-qualification requirements in Sections 401(a) and 401(k) of the Internal Revenue Code. The Plan is a remedial amendment Cycle B plan. 
 A participant s benefits and rights under the Plan shall be determined in accordance with the terms of the Plan in effect on the date the participant terminates employment and shall not be affected by any subsequent amendment to the Plan, unless, and only to the extent, specifically provided for in such amendment or otherwise required by law. 
 1 

DEFINITIONS 
 Capitalized terms used in this document are defined in Article XII. 
 ARTICLE I PARTICIPATION 
 Section 1.1 Eligibility to Participate 
 (a) Non-Bargaining Unit Employees. 
 A non-bargaining unit Eligible Employee shall become eligible to participate as of the date he or she first performs one (1) Hour of Service for a Participating Employer. 
 (b) Bargaining Unit Employees. 
 An Eligible Employee whose employment with a Participating Employer is governed by a collective bargaining agreement shall become eligible to participate as of the date he or she first (1st) performs one (1) Hour of Service as a regular bargaining unit Eligible Employee. Regular employment is defined by reference to the governing collective bargaining agreement. 
 Section 1.1.A Eligibility Rules for Regular Part-time Under Twenty (20) Hours Non-Bargaining Unit Employees 
 (a) General Rule. 
 An Eligible Employee who is classified by a Participating Employer as a regular part-time under twenty (20) hours non-bargaining unit employee shall become eligible for either the Matching Contributions described in Section 2.4 or the Non-Elective Contributions described in Section 2.5 with the first (1st) paycheck on or after the Entry Date following the date such Eligible Employee completes one (1) Year of Eligibility Service . There are two (2) Entry Dates January 1st and July 1st. A Year of Eligibility Service is a computation period of twelve (12) consecutive months during which a regular part-time under twenty (20) hours non-bargaining unit employee is credited with at least one thousand (1000) Hours of Service. The initial computation period shall begin on the date the regular part-time under twenty (20) hours non-bargaining unit employee first performs one (1) Hour of Service with a Participating Employer or Associated Company. If the regular part-time under twenty (20) hours non-bargaining unit employee does not complete one thousand (1000) Hours of Service in the initial computation period, subsequent computation periods shall be the Plan Year, beginning with the Plan Year following the Plan Year in which the regular part-time under twenty (20) hours non-bargaining unit employee first performs one (1) Hour of Service. 
 2 

(b) Changes in Classification 
 (i) Change from Regular Part-time Under Twenty (20) Hours Non-Bargaining Unit Employee. 
 If a regular part-time under twenty (20) hours non-bargaining unit employee who has not yet met the one (1)-year, one thousand (1000) hour service requirement in Section 1.1.A(a) to become eligible for either Matching Contributions or Non-Elective Contributions changes classification to a non-bargaining unit Eligible Employee that is not a regular part-time under twenty (20) hours non-bargaining unit employee, such Eligible Employee shall immediately become eligible for either Matching Contributions or Non-Elective Contributions, as described in Sections 2.4 and 2.5. If a regular part-time under twenty (20) hours non-bargaining unit employee who has not yet met the one (1)-year, one thousand (1000) hour service requirement in Section 1.1.A(a) to become eligible for either Matching Contributions or Non-Elective Contributions becomes a bargaining unit Eligible Employee, such employee shall become eligible for either Matching Contributions or Non-Elective Contributions in accordance with the eligibility rules for bargaining unit Eligible Employees in Section 1.1(b) and as described in Sections 2.4 and 2.5. 
 (ii) Change to Regular Part-time Under Twenty (20) Hours Non-Bargaining Unit Employees. 
 If a non-bargaining unit Eligible Employee who is not a regular part-time under twenty (20) hours non-bargaining unit employee changes classification to become a regular part-time under twenty (20) hours non-bargaining unit employee, the change will have no impact on such Eligible Employee's eligibility for either Matching Contributions or Non-Elective Contributions, as described in Sections 2.4 and 2.5. If the non-bargaining unit Eligible Employee was eligible for either Matching Contributions or Non-Elective Contributions under either Section 2.4 or Section 2.5 at the time of the change in classification, the non-bargaining unit Eligible Employee will continue to be eligible for either Matching Contributions or Non-Elective Contributions after the change in classification, depending on their hire date as described in Sections 2.4 and 2.5. If a bargaining unit Eligible Employee changes classification to become a regular part-time under twenty (20) hours non-bargaining unit employee before becoming a Participant in accordance with Section 1.1(b), such Eligible Employee will be subject to the one (1)-year, one thousand (1000) hour service requirement in Section 1.1.A(a) to become eligible for either Matching Contributions or Non-Elective Contributions, as described in Sections 2.4 and 2.5. If Hours of Service have not been counted for such Eligible Employee, such Eligible Employee shall be credited with ten (10) Hours of Service for each work day of employment as a bargaining unit employee. 
 3 

(c) Break-in-Service Rules. 
 If a regular part-time under twenty (20) hours non-bargaining unit employee terminates employment with the Participating Employers after having met the one (1)-year, one thousand (1000) hour service requirement in Section 1.1.A(a) to become eligible for either Matching Contributions or Non-Elective Contributions, such regular part-time under twenty (20) hours non-bargaining unit employee shall be eligible for either Matching Contributions or Non-Elective Contributions immediately upon return to employment with a Participating Employer, depending on their hire date as described in Sections 2.2 and 2.3. However, if a regular part-time under twenty (20) hours non-bargaining unit employee incurs a One (1)-Year Break in Service before meeting the one (1)-year, one thousand (1000) hour service requirement for either Matching Contributions or Non-Elective Contributions in Section 1.1.A(a), such regular part-time under twenty (20) hours non-bargaining unit employee must complete one (1) Year of Eligibility Service, upon return to employment before becoming eligible for either Matching Contributions or Non-Elective Contributions, depending on their hire date as described in Sections 2.4 and 2.5. For purposes of this Section 1.1.A(c) only, a One (1)-Year Break in Service means a twelve (12) consecutive month computation period during which the Employee does not complete more than five hundred (500) Hours of Service. The twelve (12) month computation periods used for determining eligibility under Section 1.1.A(a) shall be used for determining One (1)-Year Breaks in Service . 
 Solely for purposes of determining whether a One (1)-Year Break in Service has occurred in a computation period (and not for purposes of determining whether a regular part-time under twenty (20) hours non-bargaining unit employee has met the one (1)-year service requirement for eligibility in Section 1.1.A(a)), a regular part-time under twenty (20) hours non-bargaining unit employee who is absent from work because of unpaid FMLA leave or for maternity or paternity reasons shall receive credit for the Hours of Service which would otherwise have been credited to such regular part-time under twenty (20) hours non-bargaining unit employee but for such absence, or in any case in which such hours cannot be determined, eight (8) Hours of service per day of such absence. For purposes of this paragraph, an absence from work for maternity or paternity reasons means an absence (1) by reason of the pregnancy of the regular part-time under twenty (20) hours non-bargaining unit employee, (2) by reason of a birth of a child of the regular part-time under twenty (20) hours non-bargaining unit employee, (3) by reason of the placement of a child with the regular part-time under twenty (20) hours nonunion employee in connection with the adoption of such child, or (4) for purposes of caring for such child for a period beginning immediately following such birth or placement. The Hours of Service credited under this paragraph shall be credited (1) in the computation period in which the absence begins if the crediting is necessary to prevent a One (1)-Year Break in Service in that period, or (2) in all other cases, in the following computation period. 
 (d) Regular Part-time Under Twenty (20) Hours Non-Bargaining Unit Employees are not Covered Employees for purposes of Automatic Enrollment. 
 A regular part-time under twenty (20) hours non-bargaining unit employee shall not be a covered employee as defined in Section 1.414(w)-1(e)(3) of the Treasury Regulations, for purposes of the eligible automatic contribution arrangement under Section 2.2. 
 4 

Section 1.2 Reemployment 
 If a Participant terminates employment from the Participating Employers and later returns to employment as an Eligible Employee, the Participant shall immediately recommence active participation in the Plan. 
 Section 1.3 Duration of Participation 
 Once an Eligible Employee becomes a Participant, he or she shall have all rights to active participation (applicable contributions, etc.) as long as he or she receives Compensation from a Participating Employer and continues to be an Eligible Employee. A Participant who terminates employment with the Participating Employers with a vested Account balance shall continue to be a Participant on an inactive basis until his or her entire vested Account balance is distributed in accordance with the terms of the Plan. 
 5 

ARTICLE II CONTRIBUTIONS 
 There are four types of possible contributions to the Plan Salary Reduction Contributions, Matching Contributions, Rollover Contributions and Non-Elective Contributions. Salary Reduction Contributions (which include Catch-up Contributions) and Rollover Contributions may be made by all Participants. Matching Contributions are made only for Participants who are first employed by a Participating Employer after April 30, 2011 and before January 1, 2022, or who are deemed to be new Employees after April 30, 2011 and before January 1, 2022, under Section 1.2 of the HEI Retirement Plan. Non-Elective Contributions are made only for Participants who are first employed by a Participating Employer after December 31, 2021, or who are deemed to be new Employees after December 31, 2021, under Section 1.2 of the HEI Retirement Plan.. 
 Section 2.1 Salary Reduction Contributions 
 Each Participating Employer shall make Salary Reduction Contributions in accordance with this Section 2.1 (affirmative pre-tax elections), Section 2.2 (automatic enrollment), and Section 2.3 (affirmative Roth elections). 
 (a) Salary Reduction Election. 
 An Eligible Employee who has met the requirements for participation in Section 1.1(a) or (b), as applicable, may begin making Salary Reduction Contributions by making an affirmative salary reduction election. A salary reduction election is an election by the Participant to forego taxable cash compensation in return for a pre-tax or Roth contribution of equal amount to the Participant s Account in the Plan. A Participant's affirmative salary reduction election becomes effective as soon as practicable following its completion and submission in accordance with procedures approved by the Administrative Committee, but only with respect to amounts that are not currently available to the Participant at the time the election is made. An amount is currently available if it has been paid to the Participant or if the Participant is able currently to receive the amount at the Participant s discretion. 
 (b) Pre-tax, Regular Salary Reduction Contributions. 
 A Participant may elect to make pre-tax, Regular Salary Reduction Contributions of up to thirty percent (30 of the Participant s Compensation for the period in the Plan Year during which he or she is an active Participant. In addition to this percentage limitation, a Participant s Regular Salary Reduction Contributions are subject to the limitations in Article III of the Plan. 
 (c) Catch-up Contributions. 
 Any Participant who will have attained age fifty (50) before the end of the taxable year (a catch-up eligible Participant is eligible as of the first (1st) day of the Plan Year to make Catch-up Contributions in accordance with, and subject to the limitations in, Section 3.2(b) of the Plan and Section 414(v) of the Code. Catch-up Contributions are not subject to the 
 6 

thirty percent (30 )-of-Compensation limit that applies to Regular Salary Reduction Contributions, but total Salary Reduction Contributions (Regular Salary Reduction Contributions plus Catch-up Contributions) may not exceed seventy-five percent (75 of a Participant s Compensation. 
 
 Catch-up Contributions are not subject to the limits on annual additions, are not counted in the ADP test, and are not counted in determining the minimum allocation under Section 416 of the Code (but Catch-up Contributions made in prior years are counted in determining whether the Plan is top-heavy). 
 A catch-up eligible Participant may elect to make Catch-up Contributions for the Plan Year regardless of whether his or her Regular Salary Reduction Contributions have yet reached the Plan limitation set forth in Section 2.1(b) or the Code limitations set forth in Sections 3.2 or 3.4. However, if such catch-up eligible Participant s Regular Salary Reduction Contributions do not reach such limits by the end of the Plan Year, the Catch-up Contributions shall be recharacterized as Regular Salary Reduction Contributions to the extent necessary to meet the requirements of Section 414(v) of the Code. 
 (d) Amendment or Revocation of a Salary Reduction Election. 
 A Participant may amend or revoke a salary reduction election for any reason, such changes to take effect prospectively beginning with the first (1st) payroll period in which it is administratively practicable to effect the change. If a Participant voluntarily terminates a salary reduction election, the Participant may resume Salary Reduction Contributions by making and submitting a new election. A Participating Employer or the Administrative Committee may also revoke or amend a salary reduction election to prevent the Participant from exceeding one (1) of the maximum limitations described in Article III or in the event of a conflict between the Participant s salary reduction election and other payroll deductions authorized by the Participant or required by law. The Administrative Committee may adopt and modify rules and procedures for salary reduction elections. Such rules and procedures will control in the event of any conflict between the rules and procedures and this Section 2.1. 
 (e) Application of Section 401(a)(17) Limit. 
 Section 401(a)(17) of the Code limits the amount of Compensation that may be taken into account in determining contributions for a Plan Year, and this limit is reflected in the definition of Compensation in Article XII. The limit applies on an annual basis. However, salary reduction elections are applied on a payroll period basis. In accordance with Section 2.1(d), a Participant may change the salary reduction percentage in effect at any time. Since contributions are limited by dollar amount under Section 402(g) of the Code, the Section 402(g) limit will apply to stop contributions before a Participant is limited by the Plan s thirty percent (30 limit on Compensation, as capped by Section 401(a)(17) of the Code. 
 (f) No Other Benefits Conditioned on Salary Reduction Election. 
 No other employee benefit, including, but not limited to, benefits under a defined benefit plan, non-elective employer contributions to a defined contribution plan (other than Matching 
 7 

Contributions), the availability, cost, or amount of health benefits, vacations or vacation pay, life insurance, dental benefits, legal services plans, loans (including Plan loans), financial planning services, subsidized retirement benefits, stock options, property subject to Code Section 83, or dependent care assistance, shall be directly or indirectly conditioned upon any Participant making a salary reduction election. 
 (g) Deposit of Salary Reduction Contributions. 
 The Participating Employers shall deposit Salary Reduction Contributions with the Trustee on the earliest date such contributions can reasonably be segregated from the Participating Employer s general assets. 
 (h) No Prefunding of Salary Reduction Contributions. 
 In accordance with Section 1.401(k)-1(a)(3)(iii) of the Treasury Regulations, the Participating Employers may not make Salary Reduction Contributions prior to the Participant s salary reduction election and the Participant s performance of service with respect to which the Salary Reduction Contributions are made. However, this prefunding limitation shall not apply to contributions that are made due to bona fide administrative considerations as provided in the Treasury Regulations. 
 Section 2.2 Eligible Automatic Contribution Arrangement 
 (a) Covered Employees . 
 There are two categories of Eligible Employees who are covered employees, as defined in Section 1.414(w)-1(e)(3) of the Treasury Regulations, in the eligible automatic contribution arrangement EACA established under this Section 2.2. The first (1st) category of covered employees are Eligible Employees who (i) first (1st) performed one (1) Hour of Service with a Participating Employer after April 30, 2011 and before January 1, 2015, or who are treated as such under Section 1.2 of the HEI Retirement Plan (ii) have never made an affirmative salary reduction election and (iii) do not make an affirmative salary reduction election (i.e., an election to contribute any percentage of Compensation as a Salary Reduction Contribution or an election to opt-out of automatic enrollment) during the Election Period described in Section 2.2(b). The second (2nd) category of covered employees are Eligible Employees who first (1st) perform one (1) Hour of Service with a Participating Employer after December 31, 2014, and who do not make an affirmative salary reduction election (i.e., an election to contribute any percentage of Compensation as a Salary Reduction Contribution or an election to opt-out of automatic enrollment) during the Election Period described in Section 2.2(b). Covered employees are referred to as EACA Participants in this Plan. 
 (b) Election Period Automatic Enrollment Date Default Election. 
 Every Eligible Employee who is eligible for the EACA shall be given a sixty (60)-day election period to opt-out of automatic enrollment or to make an affirmative salary reduction election. The sixty (60)-day election period begins on the date the EACA Notice, described in Section 2.2(e), is provided to the Eligible Employee. If, at the end of the sixty (60)-day election period, the Eligible Employee has not opted out of automatic enrollment or made an 
 8 

affirmative salary reduction election, the Eligible Employee shall be deemed to have elected to become an EACA Participant and to have made a default salary reduction election to contribute three percent (3 of his or her Compensation as a pre-tax, Regular Salary Reduction Contribution, and the sixtieth (60th) day of the election period shall be the EACA Participant s Automatic Enrollment Date . The EACA Participant s default salary reduction election shall become effective as soon as administratively practicable following the EACA Participant s Automatic Enrollment Date. 
 (c) Termination of EACA Participant Status. 
 (i) General Rules. 
 An EACA Participant s default salary reduction election will continue until the EACA Participant makes an affirmative election to change (increase, decrease, or stop) the default Salary Reduction Contributions, at which point the Participant will no longer be an EACA Participant. Any change in an EACA Participant s default salary reduction election will take effect as soon as administratively practicable after the change in accordance with Section 2.1(d) (setting forth the Plan's normal rules for changes in salary reduction elections). 
 (ii) Rehired EACA Participants. 
 If an Eligible Employee is an EACA Participant when the Eligible Employee terminates employment with the Participating Employers and the Eligible Employee is subsequently re-employed as an Eligible Employee, the Eligible Employee will again be an EACA Participant and default pre-tax, Regular Salary Reduction Contributions shall commence immediately upon rehire. If an Eligible Employee is not an EACA Participant when the Eligible Employee terminates employment with the Participating Employers (either because the Eligible Employee was never an EACA Participant or because the Eligible Employee s EACA Participant status had terminated), the Eligible Employee will not be an EACA Participant if the Eligible Employee is re-employed by a Participating Employer and must make an affirmative salary reduction election to commence or re-commence participation in the Plan. 
 (d) Reasonable Opportunity To Make an Affirmative Election. 
 An EACA Participant shall have a reasonable opportunity after receipt of the EACA Notice to opt-out of automatic enrollment or to make an affirmative salary reduction election. The rules in Section 2.2(b) are intended to meet this requirement. 
 (e) Advance Notice Requirement. 
 At least thirty (30) days, but not more than ninety (90) days, before the beginning of each Plan Year the Plan Administrator shall provide each EACA Participant with a comprehensive notice (the EACA Notice of the EACA Participant s rights and obligations under the EACA. If an Eligible Employee becomes an EACA Participant after the ninetieth (90th) day before the beginning of the Plan Year and does not receive the EACA Notice for that reason, 
 9 

the EACA Notice will be provided no more than ninety (90) days before the Eligible Employee becomes an EACA Participant but not later than the date the Eligible Employee becomes an EACA Participant. The EACA Notice shall (1) describe the EACA Participant s right to opt-out of automatic enrollment or to make an affirmative salary reduction election (2) state that a default pre-tax, Regular Salary Reduction Contribution equal to three percent (3 of the EACA Participant s Compensation shall be made in the absence of an affirmative election (3) describe how the default Salary Reduction Contributions will be invested in the absence of affirmative investment instructions from the EACA Participant and (4) describe the EACA Participant s right to elect a withdrawal of default contributions in accordance with Section 2.2(g). 
 (f) Default Investment. 
 In the absence of investment directions from an EACA Participant, the EACA Participant s default Salary Reduction Contributions shall be invested in the qualified default investment alternative described in Section 4.3(c). 
 (g) Elective Withdrawal of Default Salary Reduction Contributions. 
 (i) Election. 
 No later than ninety (90) days after an EACA Participant s Automatic Enrollment Date (which will occur earlier than ninety (90) days after default Salary Reduction Contributions are first (1st) withheld from the EACA Participant s pay), the EACA Participant may elect to withdraw all of the default Salary Reduction Contributions made to the EACA Participant s Account, as adjusted for earnings and losses to the date of the withdrawal. An EACA Participant s election to withdraw default Salary Reduction Contributions shall be effective as soon as administratively practicable after the election but no later than the earlier of (1) the pay date for the second (2nd) payroll period that begins after the date the election is made or (2) the first (1st) pay date that occurs at least thirty (30) days after the election is made. 
 (ii) Deemed Election To Stop Default Salary Reduction Contributions. 
 Unless the EACA Participant affirmatively elects otherwise, any withdrawal request under this Section 2.2(g) shall be treated as an affirmative election to stop making Salary Reduction Contributions to the Participant s Account. Any EACA Participant who withdraws his or her default Salary Reduction Contributions under this Section 2.2(g) shall no longer be an EACA Participant and will have to make an affirmative election to continue or recommence Salary Reduction Contributions. 
 (iii) No Effect on Section 402(g) Limit or ADP Test. 
 Any default Salary Reduction Contributions withdrawn under this Section 2.2(g) are not counted towards the dollar limitation on elective deferrals set forth in Section 402(g) of the Code and described in Section 3.2 of the Plan. Furthermore, 
 10 

such withdrawn default Salary Reduction Contributions are not taken into account in performing the ADP test described in Section 3.1 of the Plan. 
 (iv) Effect on Matching Contributions. 
 Matching Contributions that would otherwise be allocated to an EACA Participant s Account will not be allocated to the extent the EACA Participant withdraws his or her default Salary Reduction Contributions under this Section 2.2(g), and any Matching Contributions that have already been made on account of default Salary Reduction Contributions that are later withdrawn shall be forfeited. 
 (h) Preemption of State Wage Laws. 
 Section 514(e) of ERISA preempts any state wage law (or any other state law) that would directly or indirectly prohibit an automatic contribution arrangement (i.e., the withholding of wages without the Employee s express written consent). 
 Section 2.3 Roth Salary Reduction Contributions 
 A Participant making an affirmative salary reduction election in accordance with Section 2.1(a) may designate all or a portion of the Participant's Salary Reduction Contributions (including Catch-up Contributions) as Roth Salary Reduction Contributions if the following conditions are satisfied 
 (a) Irrevocable Election. 
 The Participant s designation must be made before the Salary Reduction Contributions are withheld from the Participant's Compensation in accordance with procedures approved by the Administrative Committee. Once Roth Salary Reduction Contributions are withheld from the Participant s Compensation, the designation is irrevocable. However, the election may be changed with respect to future Salary Reduction Contributions in accordance with Section 2.1(d) (setting forth the Plan s normal rules for changes in salary reduction elections). To the extent a Participant does not affirmatively designate Salary Reduction Contributions as Roth Salary Reduction Contributions, such contributions shall constitute pre-tax Salary Reduction Contributions. All Salary Reduction Contributions for EACA Participants (i.e., Participants who have been automatically enrolled in the Plan in accordance with Section 2.2) shall constitute pre-tax, Regular Salary Reduction Contributions. 
 (b) After-Tax Treatment by the Participating Employers. 
 The Participating Employers shall treat any Roth Salary Reduction Contributions as includible in the Participant's income (i.e., treat as wages subject to applicable income and employment tax withholding) at the time the Participant would have received the contributed amounts in cash but for the salary reduction election. 
 11 

(c) Separate Accounting. 
 In accordance with Section 4.2, the Trustee or an affiliate of the Trustee shall establish and maintain one or more Roth Contribution Subaccounts (by whatever names or designations the Trustee deems appropriate) for each Participant who elects to make Roth Salary Reduction Contributions to the Plan. The Roth Contribution Subaccounts shall include a record of the Participant s investment in the contract (i.e., Roth Salary Reduction Contributions that have not been distributed). Gains, income, losses, and other credits or charges shall be separately allocated on a reasonable and consistent basis among the Roth Contribution Subaccounts and all other Subaccounts. However, no forfeitures shall be allocated to any Roth Contribution Subaccount. The separate accounting requirement described in this paragraph shall be applicable at the first time any Roth Salary Reduction Contribution is made and shall continue until the Roth Contribution Subaccounts are completely distributed. 
 (d) Coordination with Salary Reduction Contribution Rules. 
 Except as otherwise provided hereunder, the Participant's Roth Salary Reduction Contributions shall be subject to all Plan requirements applicable to pre-tax Salary Reduction Contributions. For example, except as otherwise provided hereunder, the Roth Salary Reduction Contributions shall constitute Salary Reduction Contributions for purposes of (i) the affirmative election procedures under Section 2.1(a) (ii) the thirty percent (30 Plan limit on Regular Salary Reduction Contributions in Section 2.1(b) (iii) the nondiscrimination tests and rules under Section 3.1 (iv) the calendar-year dollar limitation under Section 402(g) of the Code and Section 3.2(a) of the Plan (v) the Catch-up Contribution provisions in Section 414(v) of the Code and Sections 2.1(c) and 3.2(b) of the Plan (vi) any allocation of Matching Contributions under the Plan (vii) the limitations under Section 415(c) of the Code that are described in Section 3.4 (viii) the minimum distribution rules in Section 401(a)(9) of the Code and Section 6.8 of the Plan (ix) full vesting of Salary Reduction Contributions under Section 5.1(a) and (x) the determination of Top-Heavy Plan status under Article XI. 
 12 

Section 2.4 Matching Contributions for Participants First Employed by a Participating Employer After April 30, 2011 and Before January 1, 2022 (or Deemed To Be New Employees After April 30, 2011 and Before January 1, 2022, Under Section 1.2 of the HEI Retirement Plan) 
 A Participant who is first employed by a Participating Employer after April 30, 2011 and before January 1, 2022, or who is deemed to be a new Employee of a Participating Employer after April 30, 2011 and before January 1, 2022, under Section 1.2 of the HEI Retirement Plan, shall be eligible for the Matching Contributions described in this Section 2.4. Any Participant who was first employed by a Participating Employer prior to May 1, 2011 or after December 31, 2021, and who is not deemed to be a new Employee after April 30, 2011 and before January 1, 2022, under Section 1.2 of the HEI Retirement Plan, is not eligible for the Matching Contributions described in this Section 2.4. 
 (a) Amount. 
 The Participating Employers shall match the Salary Reduction Contributions of their eligible Participants on the following basis a fifty percent (50 match on the first six percent (6 of annual Compensation deferred by the Participant (i.e., maximum Matching Contribution of three percent (3 of the Participant s annual Compensation). Since Section 12.8 limits the Compensation taken into account in determining contributions to Compensation earned after an Eligible Employee becomes a Participant, in a Participant s first (1st) year of participation, Compensation earned before the Participant begins participation shall not be counted in the Participant s annual Compensation for purposes of calculating the Participant s Matching Contribution. 
 (b) Matching Contributions on Catch-up Contributions. 
 Catch-up Contributions are treated as elective deferrals under the Code and Treasury Regulations. Accordingly, Catch-up Contributions are eligible for Matching Contributions. However, since Matching Contributions are made only on the first six percent (6 of Compensation deferred, so long as the interplay of the limitations in Sections 401(a)(17) and 402(g) of the Code make it impossible for Catch-up Contributions to be within the first six percent (6 of a Participant s Compensation, no Matching Contributions shall be made on Catch-up Contributions. 
 (c) Deposit of Matching Contributions True-up. 
 The Participating Employers will pay the Matching Contributions to the Trustee no later than the due date, including extensions thereof, for filing the Company s tax return for the taxable year with respect to which the Matching Contributions are made. If the Participating Employers pay the Matching Contributions to the Trustee prior to the end of the year with respect to which the Matching Contributions are made, the Participating Employers shall true-up the Matching Contributions at or after the end of the year to make sure that each Participant received a Matching Contribution equal to fifty percent (50 of the first six percent (6 of annual Compensation deferred by the Participant for the year. 
 13 

(d) Application of Section 401(a)(17) Limit. 
 The dollar limit in effect under Section 401(a)(17) of the Code shall be applied on an as-earned basis. This means that once a Participant has earned Compensation equal to the dollar limit under Section 401(a)(17) for the Plan Year, no further Matching Contributions shall be made for that Participant for the Plan Year. 
 Section 2.5 Non-Elective Contributions for Participants First Employed by a Participating Employer After December 31, 2021 (or Deemed to Be New Employees After December 31, 2021, Under Section 1.2 of the HEI Retirement Plan) 
 A Participant who is first employed by a Participating Employer after December 31, 2021, or who is deemed to be a new Employee of a Participating Employer after December 31, 2021, under Section 1.2 of the HEI Retirement Plan, shall be eligible for the Non-Elective Contributions described in this Section 2.5. Any Participant who was first employed by a Participating Employer prior to January 1, 2022, and who is not deemed to be a new Employee after December 31, 2021, under Section 1.2 of the HEI Retirement Plan, is not eligible for the Non-Elective Contributions described in this Section 2.5. 
 (a) Amount. 
 Each Plan Year, the Participating Employers shall make a Non-Elective Contribution on behalf of each Participant in an amount equal to ten percent (10 of the Participant's Compensation for such year. Since Section 12.8 limits the Compensation taken into account in determining contributions to Compensation earned after an Eligible Employee becomes a Participant, in a Participant s first year of participation the Compensation earned before the Participant begins participation shall not be taken into account in determining the Participant's Compensation for purposes of calculating the Participant s Non-Elective Contribution. 
 (b) Timing of Deposit of Non-Elective Contributions 
 The Participating Employers will pay the Non-Elective Contributions to the Trustee no later than the due date, including extensions thereof, for filing the Company s tax return for the taxable year with respect to which the Non-Elective Contributions are made. If the Participating Employers pay the Non-Elective Contributions to the Trustee prior to the end of the Plan Year with respect to which the Non-Elective Contributions are made, the Participating Employers shall true-up the Non-Elective Contributions at or after the end of the Plan Year, as may be necessary to ensure that each Participant receives a Non-Elective Contribution equal to fifty percent (10 of the Participant s Compensation for such year. 
 Section 2.6 Return of Contributions 
 (a) Mistake of Fact. 
 If a contribution is made because of a mistake of fact, the contribution may be returned within one (1) year after the contribution is made. The amount that may be returned is the amount contributed over the amount that would have been contributed had no mistake of fact 
 14 

occurred. Earnings on mistaken Matching Contributions and Non-Elective Contributions may not be returned, but losses attributable thereto reduce the amount returned. Mistaken Regular Salary Reduction and Catch-up Contributions shall be adjusted for earnings or losses. 
 (b) Loss of Deduction. 
 If a Matching Contribution or Non-Elective Contribution is not deductible under the Code, such contribution (to the extent the deduction is disallowed) may be returned to the Participating Employer within one (1) year after the disallowance of the deduction. Earnings on nondeductible contributions may not be returned, but losses attributable thereto reduce the amount returned. 
 Section 2.7 Rollover Contributions 
 (a) Direct Rollovers. 
 A Participant or an Eligible Employee (whether or not a Participant) may make a direct rollover to the Plan of an eligible rollover distribution from (i) a retirement plan qualified under Section 401(a) of the Code (ii) an annuity plan described in Section 403(a) of the Code (iii) an annuity contract described in Section 403(b) of the Code (iv) an individual retirement account or individual retirement annuity described in Section 408 of the Code or (v) an eligible Section 457(b) deferred compensation plan established and maintained by a state, political subdivision of a state, or any agency or instrumentality of a state or political subdivision of a state. 
 A direct rollover is a direct payment of an eligible rollover distribution by any reasonable means from the trustee, custodian, or annuity provider of the former plan or arrangement to the Trustee of this Plan. For purposes of this Section 2.7, an eligible rollover distribution means a payment of cash which is not one of a series of periodic payments, is not a payment required to be distributed to the Participant under Section 401(a)(9) of the Code, and is not a hardship distribution from another plan. 
 The Administrative Committee may adopt reasonable standards and procedures for determining whether a proposed rollover is permissible. 
 (b) Direct Rollovers from Designated Roth Accounts. 
 A Participant or an Eligible Employee may make a direct rollover from a designated Roth account in another tax-qualified 401(k) plan or 403(b) annuity or governmental 457(b) plan. The Trustee shall separately account for any Roth contributions rolled over to the Plan. Rollover contributions are not permitted from Roth IRAs. 
 (c) Direct Rollovers of Other After-Tax Amounts. 
 The Plan may accept direct rollovers of other after-tax amounts from retirement plans qualified under Section 401(a) of the Code or from annuity contracts described in Section 403(b) of the Code. The Trustee shall separately account for the after-tax portion of any direct rollover under this Section 2.7(c). 
 15 

(d) Traditional Rollovers. 
 The Administrative Committee may consider traditional rollovers by Eligible Employees. To protect the tax-qualified status of the Plan, the Administrative Committee may ask the Eligible Employee to provide an opinion of counsel or other evidence to establish that the requirements for a traditional rollover have been satisfied. 
 Section 2.8 USERRA Rights of Participants Returning from Qualified Military Service 
 If a Participant returns to employment with a Participating Employer following a leave of absence for Qualified Military Service, the Participant shall be eligible to have his or her military leave of absence counted as employment with the Participating Employer for purposes of Salary Reduction Contributions, Non-Elective Contributions, and Matching Contributions, as applicable. The Administrative Committee has established written procedures to meet the requirements of the Uniformed Services Employment and Reemployment Rights Act of 1994 USERRA ). These procedures establish rules permitting reemployed veterans to make up Salary Reduction Contributions upon their return to employment with a Participating Employer and granting makeup Matching Contributions for returning Participants who would have been entitled to Matching Contributions during the military leave of absence. The USERRA procedures are incorporated herein by this reference and may be amended at any time without notice and without further amendment to the Plan. 
 Section 2.9 Qualified Nonelective Contributions 
 The Participating Employers may make qualified nonelective contributions if necessary to correct a qualification failure in accordance with the Employee Plans Compliance Resolution System. A qualified nonelective contribution is an employer contribution that is one hundred percent (100 vested when made, that the Participant may not elect to receive in cash, and that is distributable only in accordance with the distribution restrictions applicable to Salary Reduction Contributions, except that qualified nonelective contributions may not be distributed on account of hardship. Qualified nonelective contributions cannot be taken into account in performing the ADP and ACP tests described in Sections 3.1 and 3.3, respectively, for a Plan Year for an NHCE to the extent such contributions exceed the product of that NHCE s ADP Compensation and the greater of five percent (5 or two (2) times the Plan s representative contribution rate. Any qualified nonelective contribution taken into account under an ACP test under Section 1.401(m)-2(a)(6) of the Treasury Regulations (including the determination of the representative contribution rate for purposes of Section 1.401(m)-2(a)(6)(v)(B)) is not permitted to be taken into account under the ADP test (including the determination of the representative contribution rate under Section 1.401(k)-2(a)(6)(iv)(B)). Any qualified nonelective contribution taken into account in an ADP test under Section 1.401(k)-2(a)(6) of the Treasury Regulations (including the determination of the representative contribution rate for purposes of Section 1.401(k)-2(a)(6)(iv)(B)) is not permitted to be taken into account under the ACP test (including the determination of the representative contribution rate for purposes of Section 1.401(m)-2(a)(6)(v)(B)). The Plan s representative contribution rate is the lowest applicable contribution rate of any eligible NHCE among a group of eligible NHCEs that consists of half of all eligible NHCEs for the Plan Year (or, if greater, the lowest applicable contribution rate of any eligible NHCE in the group of all eligible NHCEs for the Plan Year and who is employed by a 
 16 

Participating Employer on the last day of the Plan Year). For purposes of the ADP test, the applicable contribution rate for an eligible NHCE is the sum of the qualified matching contributions, if any, taken into account in performing the ADP test for the eligible NHCE for the Plan Year and the qualified nonelective contributions made for the eligible NHCE for the Plan Year, divided by the eligible NHCE s ADP Compensation for the same period. For purposes of the ACP test, the applicable contribution rate for an eligible NHCE is the sum of the matching contributions taken into account in performing the ACP test for the eligible NHCE for the Plan Year and the qualified nonelective contributions made for the eligible NHCE for the Plan Year, divided by the eligible NHCE s ADP Compensation for the same period. 
 17 

ARTICLE III NONDISCRIMINATION RULES LIMITATIONS ON CONTRIBUTIONS 
 Section 3.1 Section 401(k) Nondiscrimination Rules 
 (a) ADP Test. 
 Regular Salary Reduction Contributions are tested for discrimination under the actual deferral percentage ADP test of Section 401(k)(3)(A)(ii) of the Code. For purposes of ADP testing, the portion of the Plan that covers nonunion Participants and the portion of the Plan that covers bargaining unit Participants are treated as separate plans and tested separately. 
 (b) Prior-year Testing Method. 
 The Plan uses the prior-year ADP testing method, under which the ADP in the current year for the group of Eligible Employees who are HCEs is compared to the ADP in the previous year for the group of Eligible Employees who were NHCEs in the previous year. The comparative percentages must satisfy one of the following tests 
 (i) 1.25 Test. 
 The ADP for the current Plan Year for the group of Eligible Employees who are HCEs is not more than the ADP in the previous Plan Year for the group of Eligible Employees who were NHCEs in the previous Plan Year multiplied by 1.25 HCE ADP (NHCE ADP x 1.25) , or 
 (ii) Two Percent (2 Spread Test. 
 The excess of the ADP for the current Plan Year for the group of Eligible Employees who are HCEs is not more than two percentage points greater than the ADP in the previous Plan Year for the group of Eligible Employees who were NHCEs in the previous Plan Year, and the ADP for the current Plan Year for the group of Eligible Employees who are HCEs is not more than twice the ADP in the previous Plan Year for the group of Eligible Employees who were NHCEs in the previous Plan Year HCE ADP (NHCE ADP + 2 and HCE ADP (NHCE ADP x 2) . 
 (c) ADP Rules 
 (i) Groups. 
 The ADP for a specified group of Eligible Employees for a Plan Year means the average of the ratios (calculated separately for each Eligible Employee in such group) of (A) the amount of Regular Salary Reduction contributions allocated to the Eligible Employee s Account as of a date within such Plan Year to (B) such Eligible Employee s ADP Compensation for such Plan Year. The ADP of an 
 18 

Eligible Employee who is eligible to but does not elect to have Salary Reduction Contributions made on his or her behalf for a Plan Year is zero. 
 (ii) Special Rule for HCEs. 
 The ADP for any Eligible Employee who is an HCE for the Plan Year and who is eligible to have contributions allocated to his or her account under two or more cash or deferred arrangements described in Section 401(k) of the Code that are maintained by a Participating Employer or Associated Company shall be determined as if such contributions were made under a single arrangement. 
 (iii) Lookback. 
 The ADP for the eligible NHCEs is determined using the actual deferral ratios for the Eligible Employees who were NHCEs in the previous Plan Year, regardless of whether those NHCEs are Eligible Employees or NHCEs in the Plan Year for which the ADP test is being calculated. 
 (iv) Catch-up Contributions. 
 Catch-up Contributions are not taken into account under the ADP test for any Plan Year. 
 The provisions of Section 401(k)(3) of the Code and Section 1.401(k)-2 of the Treasury Regulations are incorporated in the Plan by this reference. 
 (d) Correction of Excess Contributions. 
 Excess contributions are corrected under a four-step process as follows 
 (i) Step 1. 
 If the Plan does not satisfy either of the ADP tests for a Plan Year, the dollar amount of excess contributions for each affected HCE shall be calculated in a manner consistent with Section 401(k)(8)(B) of the Code and Section 1.401(k)-2(b)(2) of the Treasury Regulations, which states that the amount of excess contributions for an HCE is the amount (if any) by which such HCE s contributions must be reduced for the HCE s actual deferral ratio ADR to equal the highest permitted ADR for the year. To calculate the highest permitted ADR, the ADR of the HCE with the highest ADR is reduced by the amount required to cause that HCE s ADR to equal the ADR of the HCE with the next highest ADR. If a lesser reduction would enable the arrangement to satisfy the ADP test after reductions, only this lesser reduction would be used. The process described in this Step 1 must be repeated until the arrangement would satisfy the ADP test after reductions. The sum of all reductions for all HCEs is the total amount of excess contributions for the Plan Year. 
 19 

(ii) Step 2. 
 The total amount of excess contributions determined in Step 1 shall be apportioned among the HCEs in accordance with this Step 2. The contributions of the HCE with the highest dollar amount of contributions taken into account under the ADP test shall be reduced by the amount required to cause that HCE s contributions to equal the dollar amount of the contributions for the HCE with the next highest dollar amount of contributions taken into account under the ADP test. However, if a lesser apportionment to the HCE would enable the Plan to apportion the total amount of excess contributions, only the lesser apportionment would apply. The procedure in this Step 2 must be repeated until the total amount of excess contributions has been apportioned. 
 (iii) Step 3. 
 The amount of excess contributions apportioned to an HCE shall be adjusted for any income or loss attributable to such excess contributions, provided that there shall be no adjustment for earnings or losses occurring in the gap period between the end of the Plan Year in which the excess contributions were made and the time when the excess contributions are distributed. The income or loss allocable to the excess contributions shall be calculated by multiplying the income or loss allocable to the HCE s Salary Reduction Subaccount for the Plan Year in which the excess contributions occurred by a fraction, the numerator of which is the HCE s excess contributions for the Plan Year and the denominator of which is the balance of the HCE s Salary Reduction Subaccount as of the beginning of the Plan Year plus the HCE s Salary Reduction Contributions during the Plan Year. 
 (iv) Step 4. 
 Within twelve (12) months after the close of the Plan Year in which the excess contributions occurred, the Plan must distribute to each HCE the excess contributions apportioned to the HCE under Step 2 and the allocable income determined under Step 3. To avoid the ten percent (10 excise tax under Section 4979 of the Code, the distributions must be made within two and a half (2 1 2) months after the close of the Plan Year in which the excess contributions occurred. The distribution shall be designated as a corrective distribution of excess contributions. 
 (v) Special Rule for Catch-up Contributions. 
 If an HCE who would otherwise receive a corrective distribution is eligible to make Catch-up Contributions for the year in which the excess contributions occurred and if the Catch-up Contributions for such HCE are less than the Catch-up Contribution dollar limit in. Section 3.2(b), some or all of the amount that would otherwise be distributed to the HCE shall be recharacterized as a Catch-up Contribution and retained in. such HCE s Account. The amount to be recharacterized and retained shall be equal to the lesser of (1) the difference 
 20 

between the Catch-up Contribution dollar limit for the Plan Year and the HCE s prior Catch-up Contributions for the Plan Year or (2) the total amount that would otherwise be distributed to the HCE as a corrective distribution. 
 (vi) Special Rule for Roth Salary Reduction Contributions. 
 To the extent excess contributions are distributed to an HCE under this Section 3.1(d) for a Plan Year that includes both pre-tax Salary Reduction Contributions and Roth Salary Reduction Contributions, the excess contributions shall be distributed in the following order of priority (A) first, any pre-tax Salary Reduction Contributions shall be distributed, and (B) second, Roth Salary Reduction Contributions shall be distributed. In accordance with Treasury Regulations, the principal amount of any Roth Salary Reduction Contributions shall not be includible in gross income, but any income allocable to the distribution shall be includible in gross income. 
 Section 3.2 Maximum Elective Deferrals 
 (a) Dollar Limit on Salary Reduction Contributions. 
 No Participant shall be permitted to make Salary Reduction Contributions during any calendar year in excess of the amount of elective deferrals permitted by Section 402(g)(1) of the Code. The limit is set annually by the IRS and is adjusted for cost-of-living increases. 
 (i) Designation of Excess Elective Deferrals. 
 The 402(g) limit applies to the Participant and is based not only on Salary Reduction Contributions to this Plan but also on elective deferrals to any other qualified retirement plan, including plans of other employers. Elective deferrals are contributions made to employer-sponsored, qualified retirement plans pursuant to salary reduction agreements and include 401(k) contributions, 403(b) annuity contributions, and elective contributions to SIMPLE plans. Since neither the Participating Employers nor the Administrative Committee has knowledge of a Participant s elective deferrals to qualified retirement plans of other employers, it is the Participant s responsibility to monitor this limit with respect to all elective deferrals. If a Participant s elective deferrals for a Plan Year are in excess of the 402(g) limit, the Participant must choose which plan to allocate the excess to. If the Participant chooses to allocate some or all of the excess to this Plan, the Participant must so notify the Administrative Committee no later than March 1 of the year following the year in which the excess occurred. The Participant s notice to the Administrative Committee must (a) be in writing, (b) specify the amount of such excess for the preceding year allocated to the Plan, and (c) be accompanied by the Participant s written statement to the effect that if such amounts are not distributed, such excess (when added to amounts deferred under other qualified retirement plans or arrangements) would exceed the limit imposed on the Participant by Section 402(g) of the Code for the year in which the contribution occurred. A Participant shall be deemed to have 
 21 

provided the foregoing notice to the Administrative Committee if the Participant s elective deferrals have exceeded the 402(g) limit taking into account only Salary Reduction Contributions to this Plan and elective deferrals to other plans sponsored by the Participating Employers or an Associate Company. 
 (ii) Distribution of Excess Elective Deferrals. 
 Any excess elective deferrals allocated to the Plan in accordance with the foregoing paragraph, plus any income and minus any loss allocable thereto through the end of the Plan Year, shall be distributed to the Participant no later than April 15 of the year following the year in which the excess elective deferrals were contributed. The income or loss allocable to such excess elective deferrals shall be calculated by multiplying the income or loss allocable to the Participant s Salary Reduction Subaccount for the Plan Year by a fraction, the numerator of which is the Participant s excess elective deferrals for the Plan Year and the denominator of which is the balance of the Participant s Salary Reduction Subaccount as of the beginning of the Plan Year plus the Participant s Salary Reduction Contributions during the Plan Year. There shall be no adjustment for earnings or losses occurring in the gap period between the end of the Plan Year in which the excess elective deferrals were made and the time when the excess elective deferrals are distributed. 
 (iii) Special Rule for Catch-up Contributions. 
 If a catch-up eligible Participant has made Regular Salary Reduction Contributions in excess of the 402(g) limit but has not made the full amount of Catch-up Contributions permitted under Section 3.2(b), the amount of Regular Salary Reduction Contributions in excess of the 402(g) limit shall be recharacterized as Catch-up Contributions to the extent permitted under Section 3.2(b). 
 (iv) Special Rule for Roth Salary Reduction Contributions. 
 To the extent excess elective deferrals are distributed under Section 3.2(a)(ii) for a Plan Year that includes both pre-tax Salary Reduction Contributions and Roth Salary Reduction Contributions, the excess elective deferrals shall be distributed in the following order of priority (A) first, any pre-tax Salary Reduction Contributions shall be distributed, and (B) second, Roth Salary Reduction Contributions shall be distributed. In accordance with Treasury Regulations, the principal amount of any Roth Salary Reduction Contributions shall not be includible in gross income, but any income allocable to the distribution shall be includible in gross income. 
 (b) Dollar Limit on Catch-up Contributions. 
 No catch-up eligible Participant shall be permitted to make Catch-up Contributions during any calendar year in excess of the amount permitted under Section 414(v)(2)(B)(i) of the Code, as adjusted for cost-of-living increases. 
 22 

Section 3.3 Section 401(m) Nondiscrimination Rules 
 (a) ACP Test. 
 Matching Contributions made on behalf of nonunion Participants are tested for discrimination under the actual contribution percentage ACP test of Section 401(m)(2) of the Code. (Matching Contributions made on behalf of bargaining unit Participants automatically satisfy the Section 401(m) nondiscrimination requirements.) 
 (b) Prior-year Testing Method. 
 The Plan uses the prior-year ACP testing method, under which the ACP in the current year for the group of Eligible Employees who are HCEs is compared to the ACP in the previous year for the group of Eligible Employees who were NHCEs in the previous year. The comparative percentages must satisfy one of the following tests 
 (i) 1.25 Test. 
 The ACP for the current Plan Year for the group of Eligible Employees who are HCEs is not more than the ACP in the previous Plan Year for the group of Eligible Employees who were NHCEs in the previous Plan Year multiplied by 1.25 HCE ACP (NHCE ACP x 1.25), or 
 (ii) 2 Spread Test. 
 The excess of the ACP for the current Plan Year for the group of Eligible Employees who are HCEs is not more than two percentage points greater than the ACP in the previous Plan Year for the group of Eligible Employees who were NHCEs in the previous Plan Year, and the ACP for the current Plan Year for the group of Eligible Employees who are HCEs is not more than twice the ACP in the previous Plan Year for the group of Eligible Employees who were NHCEs in the previous Plan Year HCE ACP (NHCE ACP + 2 and HCE ACP (NHCE ACP x 2) . 
 (c) ACP Rules 
 (i) Groups. 
 The ACP for a specified group of Eligible Employees for a Plan Year means the average of the ratios (calculated separately for each Eligible Employee in such group) of (A) the amount of Matching Contributions allocated to the Eligible Employee s Account as of a date within such Plan Year to (B) such Eligible Employee s ADP Compensation for such Plan Year. 
 (ii) Special Rule for the 2011 Plan Year. 
 For the 2011 Plan Year, which was the first year in which Matching Contributions were made, the ACP for NHCEs was deemed to be three percent (3 ). 
 23 

(iii) Special Rule for HCEs. 
 The ACP for any Eligible Employees who is an HCE for the Plan Year and who is eligible for matching contributions or employee contributions under more than one plan maintained by a Participating Employer or Associated Company shall be determined as if such contributions were made under a single arrangement. 
 (iv) Lookback. 
 The ACP for the eligible NHCEs is determined using the actual contribution ratios for the Eligible Employees who were NHCEs in the previous Plan Year, regardless of whether those NHCEs are Eligible Employees or NHCEs in the Plan Year for which the ACP test is being calculated. 
 The provisions of Section 401(m)(2) of the Code and Section 1.401(m)-2 of the Treasury Regulations are incorporated in the Plan by this reference. 
 (d) Correction of Excess Aggregate Contributions. 
 Excess aggregate contributions are corrected under a four-step process as follows 
 (i) Step 1. 
 If the Plan does not satisfy either of the ACP tests for a Plan Year, the dollar amount, of excess aggregate contributions for each affected HCE shall be calculated in a manner consistent with Section 401(m)(6) of the Code and Section 1.401(m)-2(b)(2) of the Treasury Regulations, which states that the amount of excess aggregate contributions for an HCE is the amount (if any) by which such HCE s contributions must be reduced for the HCE s actual contribution ratio ACR to equal the highest permitted ACR for the year. To calculate the highest permitted ACR, the ACR of the HCE with the highest ACR is reduced by the amount required to cause that HCE s ACR to equal the ACR of the HCE with the next highest ACR. If a lesser reduction would enable the arrangement to satisfy the ACP test, only this lesser reduction would be used. The process described in this Step 1 must be repeated until the arrangement would satisfy the ACP test after reductions. The sum of all reductions for all HCEs is the total amount of excess aggregate contributions for the Plan Year. 
 (ii) Step 2. 
 The total amount of excess aggregate contributions determined in Step 1 shall be apportioned among the HCEs in accordance with this Step 2. The contributions of the HCE with the highest dollar amount of contributions taken into account under the ACP test shall be reduced by the amount required to cause that HCE s contributions to equal the dollar amount of the contributions for the HCE with the next highest dollar amount of contributions taken into account under the ACP test. However, if a lesser apportionment to the HCE would enable the Plan to apportion the total amount of excess aggregate contributions, only the lesser 
 24 

apportionment would apply The procedure in this Step 2 must be repeated until the total amount of excess aggregate contributions has been apportioned. 
 (iii) Step 3. 
 The amount of excess aggregate contributions apportioned to an HCE shall be adjusted for any income or loss attributable to such excess aggregate contributions, provided that there shall be no adjustment for earnings or losses occurring in the gap period between the end of the Plan Year in which the excess aggregate contributions were made and the time when the excess aggregate contributions are distributed. The income or loss allocable to the excess aggregate contributions shall be calculated by multiplying the income or loss allocable to the HCE s Matching Contribution Subaccount for the Plan Year in which the excess aggregate contributions occurred by a fraction, the numerator of which is the HCE s excess aggregate contributions for the Plan Year and the denominator of which is the balance of the HCE s Matching Contribution Subaccount as of the beginning of the Plan Year plus the HCE s Matching Contributions for the Plan Year. 
 (iv) Step 4. 
 Within twelve (12) months after the close of the Plan Year in which the excess aggregate contributions occurred, the Plan must distribute to each HCE the excess aggregate contributions apportioned to the HCE under Step 2 and the allocable income determined under Step 3. To avoid the ten percent (10 excise tax under Section 4979 of the Code, the distributions must be made within two and a half (2 1 2) months after the close of the Plan Year in which the excess aggregate contributions occurred. The distribution shall be designated as a corrective distribution of excess aggregate contributions. 
 Section 3.4 Section 415 Limitations 
 (a) Annual Additions. 
 For each Plan Year, Annual Additions to the Plan (plus Annual Additions to any other defined contribution plan that a Participating Employer maintains) on behalf of each Participant may not exceed the lesser of 40,000 (adjusted for cost-of-living increases under Section 415(d) of the Code) or one hundred percent (100 of the Participant s 415 Compensation for the Plan Year. Annual Additions means the sum credited to a Participant s Account for a Plan Year of 
 All employer contributions (including Salary Reduction Contributions) 
 All Employee contributions (none are currently allowed) 
 Forfeitures and 
 25 

With respect to Key Employees only, as defined in Section 11.1(a), amounts contributed to a 401(h) account in a defined benefit plan or to a qualified asset account in a welfare benefit fund to provide postretirement medical benefits to or on behalf of the Key Employee, except that the one hundred percent (100 )-of-compensation limitation on Annual Additions shall not apply to any amounts treated as Annual Additions under this paragraph. 
 Catch-up Contributions and assets transferred or rolled over from another qualified plan are not Annual Additions. Furthermore, the reinvestment of dividends on Company Stock, described in Sections 4.3(a) and (e), the allocation of a restorative payment, described in Section 1.415(c)-1(b)(2)(ii)(C) of the Treasury Regulations, and the repayment of a Plan loan are not Annual Additions. However, Annual Additions include excess contributions and excess aggregate contributions for a Plan Year that are subsequently distributed to a Participant pursuant to Section 3.1(d) and 3.3(d), as applicable. Annual Additions also include Salary Reduction Contributions that exceed the limits of Section 402(g) of the Code, except to the extent such excess amounts are refunded to the Participant by April 15 of the following Plan Year. 
 (b) Section 415 Aggregation Rules. 
 In applying the limitations of Section 415 of the Code, all defined contribution plans (whether or not terminated) of a Participating Employer (or a predecessor employer, as defined in Section 1.415(f)-1(c) of the Treasury Regulations) under which the Participant has received Annual Additions shall be treated as one plan, and the term Participating Employer shall include the Company and all corporations that are members of the same controlled group of corporations (as defined in Code Section 414(b) as modified by Code Section 415(h)), all commonly controlled trades or businesses (as defined in Code Section 414(c), as modified, except in the case of a brother-sister group of trades or businesses under common control, by Code Section 415(h)), affiliated service groups (as defined in Code Section 414(m)), and any other entity required to be aggregated with the Company under Code Section 414(o). 
 (c) Correction of Excess Annual Additions. 
 The correction methods for excess annual additions in Section 1.415-6(b)(6) of the 1981 Treasury Regulations shall not be effective for limitation years beginning on or after July 1, 2007, except as permitted under the Employee Plans Compliance Resolution System. 
 Section 3.5 Forfeiture of Matching Contributions 
 Matching Contributions shall be forfeited if the Salary Reduction Contributions to which the Matching Contributions relate are returned to the Participant because the Salary Reduction Contributions are determined to be excess contributions under Section 3.1 or excess elective deferrals under Section 3.2. Matching Contributions that are forfeited shall be adjusted for income or loss in the same way as the Salary Reduction Contributions that are returned to the Participant. To the extent that the Matching Contributions represent excess aggregate 
 26 

contributions that are distributed to the Participant under Section 3.3, the forfeiture shall not occur. 
 Any Matching Contributions forfeited under this Section 3.5 shall be used to pay administrative expenses of the Plan or to reduce the Participating Employers Matching Contributions in accordance with Section 5.2(c). 
 27 

ARTICLE IV ACCOUNTING AND INVESTMENTS 
 Section 4.1 Assets To Be Held by Trustee 
 All assets of the Plan shall be held and invested by the Trustee pursuant to the Trust Agreement and the rules set forth in this Article IV. 
 Section 4.2 Accounting and Expenses 
 The Trustee or an affiliate of the Trustee shall maintain accurate accounting of each Participant s interest in the Plan in accordance with the Trust Agreement or separate record keeping agreement. 
 (a) Subaccounts. 
 Although the total interest of a Participant in the Plan is reflected in or expressed as his or her Account, the Trustee may maintain Subaccounts to reflect different sources of contributions to a Participant s Account. For example, all Salary Reduction Contributions and any other 401(k) monies must be separately accounted for to ensure that the distribution restrictions under Section 401(k) are complied with. As of January 1, 2022, the Trustee maintains the following Subaccounts with respect to Participant Accounts 
 Salary Reduction 
 Participant Voluntary 
 Rollover 
 HEI Diversified Plan HEIDI 
 ER Matching Contribution 
 AmeriMatch 
 Employer ASB 
 Employer Supplemental 
 IRA 
 Voluntary HEISOP 
 Employer HEISOP 
 Employee Pre-Tax Catch-up 
 After-Tax Rollover 
 QNEC 
 Non-Elective Contribution 

The Subaccounts may be changed at any time by agreement between the Company or the PIC and the Trustee. 
 (b) Valuation of Accounts. 
 The Account and Subaccounts of each Participant shall be valued at the end of each day that the New York Stock Exchange is open (each, a valuation date ). All distributions, withdrawals, and Plan loans shall be based on the value of a Participant s Account as of the last valuation date. 
 28 

(c) Fees and Expenses. 
 Generally, there are three kinds of expenses associated with investments in the HEIRS Plan investment expenses associated with the investment options, administrative expenses, and individual expenses. These are generally described as follows 
 (i) Investment Expenses. 
 The investment options have investment fees and expenses associated with them. The fees and expenses associated with the mutual funds offered under the Plan may include, but are not limited to, investment management fees, marketing and distribution fees (12b-1 fees), shareholder servicing fees, recordkeeping fees, and. fees for other operating expenses. The annual percentage of a mutual fund s assets paid out in expenses is expressed as an expense ratio . Since the mutual funds are buying and selling securities, there are also transaction costs, including, but not limited to, brokerage commissions that are reflected in the price paid or received by the mutual fund for the various securities purchased or sold. 
 Investment expenses associated with an investment in Company Stock, as defined in Section 4.3(a), may include, but are not limited to, brokerage commissions when Company Stock is purchased or sold on the open market. 
 (ii) Administrative Expenses. 
 Administrative expenses may include, but are not limited to, trustee, legal, accounting, actuarial, recordkeeping, and investment consulting fees. Each Participant may be assessed a recordkeeping fee by the Trustee with respect to his or her Account. Administrative fees specifically associated with an investment in Company Stock may include, but are not limited to, a basic fee for administering Company Stock as an investment under the Plan and fees associated with administering the dividend pass-through program. The mutual funds may pay fees to the Trustee to offset recordkeeping and other administrative expenses. The mutual fund investments may also generate credits which may be used to offset administrative expenses to the extent permitted under ERISA. Credits generated in excess of administrative expenses may be allocated as income to Participant accounts on a pro rata or other reasonable basis. 
 (iii) Individual Expenses. 
 Individual expenses are expenses triggered by Participant or Beneficiary action. These fees may include, but are not limited to, loan set-up and quarterly or annual servicing fees, fees connected with distributions and withdrawals, and fees to qualify and administer domestic relations orders. As described in Section 4.3(b) below, certain trading practices may trigger individual redemption fees or penalties. Generally, individual expenses are charged to the individual accounts of the Participants and Beneficiaries who have initiated the action that triggered the expense. 
 29 

All costs and expenses of the Plan and any taxes assessed against the Plan may be paid from the Plan. The fees and expenses paid from the Plan shall be allocated among Accounts as determined by the Administrative Committee, which shall have the authority, in its discretion, to cause fees and expenses that are properly allocable to particular, individual Accounts to be charged directly to such Accounts and to cause fees and expenses that are not so allocable to be allocated among all Accounts in a reasonable manner determined by the Administrative Committee. The Administrative Committee shall maintain and make available, or ensure that the Trustee maintains and makes available, a current fee schedule for routine fees and expenses that the Administrative Committee has determined to be directly chargeable to the Accounts of particular Participants and Beneficiaries provided, however, that the Administrative Committee may cause specific expenses to be allocated directly to one or more particular Accounts if the Administrative Committee determines that such allocation is reasonable and appropriate under applicable law and administrative guidance, even if such expenses are not listed on the fee schedule. 
 The Participating Employers may, but are not required to, pay the general administrative expenses of the Plan. In accordance with applicable prohibited transaction exemptions under ERISA, the Participating Employers may make unsecured, interest-free loans or advances to the Plan to pay the ordinary administrative expenses of the Plan. 
 Section 4.3 Investment of Accounts 
 (a) Broad Range of Investments. 
 The Plan offers a broad range of investment funds, including, but not limited to, mutual funds managed by an affiliate of the Trustee and other companies and common stock of the Company Company Stock ). The PIC may change the investment funds offered at any time. A prospectus describing the Plan and the investment risks associated with an investment in the Plan is available to Participants. Appendix A to such prospectus describes the investment funds offered under the Plan. Prospectuses are also available for the mutual fund options. 
 (b) Participant Direction. 
 Each Participant is responsible for investing all of his or her Account. A Participant exercises his or her investment responsibility by choosing from among the investment funds offered. Participants are responsible for educating themselves regarding the investment funds available to them. Initial investment choices and subsequent changes are made directly with the Trustee via the telephone or Internet. The PIC is authorized to establish additional rules to regulate or restrict investment elections. The Trustee and the mutual funds may impose their own rules and restrictions with respect to investments, including imposing redemption fees and penalties to restrict certain trading practices. Investment elections and exchanges under the Plan are subject to all such rules, restrictions, fees, and penalties. 
 30 

(c) Qualified Default Investment Alternative. 
 If a Participant does not choose an investment option for any portion of the Participant s Account, the Participant shall be deemed to have chosen the age appropriate target-date Fidelity Freedom Index Fund Class W Target-Date Fund ), or such other investment fund as the PIC may direct, as the investment option applicable to the non-directed portion of the Participant s Account. It is intended that the Target-Date Funds shall meet the requirements to be a qualified default investment alternative, as defined in U.S. Department of Labor DOL Regulations implementing Section 404(c)(5) of ERISA. 
 (d) Section 404(c) Plan. 
 The Plan is intended to constitute a plan described in Section 404(c) of ERISA and the DOL Regulations thereunder. Under Section 404(c) of ERISA, fiduciaries of the Plan are relieved of liability for any losses that are the direct and necessary result of a Participant s or Beneficiary s exercise of control over investments in the Participant s Account. This means that each Participant bears the risks and rewards of the Participant s own investment decisions. Investment losses may occur based on. those decisions. Neither the Participating Employers nor their officers and directors, the PIC, the Investment Committee, the Administrative Committee, the Trustee, nor any of their representatives insure or otherwise guarantee the performance of any investment fund offered under the Plan. 
 (e) Company Stock 
 Participants and Beneficiaries may make limited investments in Company Stock as described in this Section 4.3(e) and in an amendment to the Trust Agreement. 
 (i) ESOP Status. 
 The portion of the Plan that is invested in Company Stock is an employee stock ownership plan ESOP ), as defined in Section 4975(e)(7) of the Code. 
 (ii) Dividend Pass-Through 
 Dividends paid on Company Stock shall be passed through to Participants and Beneficiaries in accordance with the Trust Agreement. Each Participant and Beneficiary who has an investment in Company Stock through the Plan may elect to have any dividends paid on Company Stock either (A) paid to the Participant or Beneficiary in cash, or (B) reinvested in Company Stock in the Plan. If a Participant or Beneficiary does not affirmatively elect to receive a dividend in cash, the Participant or Beneficiary shall be deemed to have elected reinvestment of such dividend in Company Stock in the Plan. Any payment of cash dividends to a Participant or Beneficiary shall be accounted for as if the Participant or Beneficiary receiving the dividends was a direct owner of the shares of Company Stock, and the payment shall not be treated as a Plan distribution for purposes of Article VI. In accordance with Section 404(k)(7) of the Code, dividends reinvested in Company Stock in the Plan shall be fully vested. 
 31 

(iii) Real-Time Trading. 
 Trading in Company Stock through the Plan shall be done in accordance with the Trust Agreement, which generally provides for real-time trading of Participant or Beneficiary initiated exchanges, with batch activity for other transactions (e.g., purchases of Company Stock for Participant contributions allocated to Company Stock and sales of Company Stock to facilitate distributions and loans). 
 (iv) Voting of Shares. 
 In accordance with the terms of the Trust Agreement, each Participant shall have the right to direct the Trustee as to the manner in which the Trustee is to vote that number of shares of Company Stock credited to the Participant s or Beneficiary s Account. Participant and Beneficiary ownership of Company Stock and voting by Participants and Beneficiaries with respect to Company Stock shall be kept confidential. The Trust Agreement sets forth the responsibilities of the Company and the Trustee with respect to notification to Participants and Beneficiaries of annual or special meetings, the means of communicating directions, and the voting of shares for which no direction is received by the Trustee. The Trust Agreement, as it may be amended, shall be followed by the Trustee in performing its responsibilities with respect to common stock of the Company held by the Plan. 
 (v) Tender Offers. 
 In the event of a tender offer or other situation that involves the potential for undue influence, tabulation of Participant votes shall be controlled by the Trustee in accordance with the terms of the Trust Agreement. 
 (vi) Section 16 Insiders. 
 With respect to a Participant who is subject to the provisions of Section 16 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (an Affected Participant ), the provisions of the Plan and all transactions hereunder are intended and shall be construed and applied so as to comply with all applicable requirements and conditions for exemption under Rule 16b-3 or any successor rule. In this regard, an Affected Participant s investment election directing the investment, disposition, or reinvestment of the Participant s Account in the Company Stock shall be structured to meet the requirements for a discretionary transaction under Title 17, Section 240.16b-3(f) of the Code of Federal Regulations. Specifically, the Affected Participant shall be allowed to make such investment election with respect to the acquisition or disposition of Company Stock only if such election is made on or after the date that is six (6) months following the date of the most recent investment election for an opposite way transaction under any employee benefit plan sponsored by a Participating Employer or Associated Company. For this purpose, an opposite way transaction means a previous acquisition if the current transaction is a disposition, and vice versa. However, an acquisition or disposition of Company Stock resulting from an election to receive, or defer the 
 32 

receipt of, Company stock or cash in connection with the death, Disability, Retirement, or termination of service of the Participant falls outside the meaning of a discretionary transaction under Rule 16b-3(f), and shall not be subject to, or considered in applying, the above six (6)-month election restriction. 
 (vii) Change in Shares. 
 If the outstanding shares of common stock of the Company are decreased or exchanged for a different number or kind of shares or other securities, or if additional shares or new or different shares or other securities are distributed with respect to such shares of Company Stock or other securities through merger, consolidation, sale of all or substantially all the assets of the Company, recapitalization, reclassification, stock dividend, stock split, reverse stock split, or other distribution with respect to such shares of Company Stock or other securities, an appropriate and proportionate adjustment may be made to the maximum number and kind of shares or other securities that are subject to an effective registration statement filed with the Securities Exchange Commission pursuant to the Securities Act of 1933, as amended. Any adjustment under this paragraph shall be subject to the requirements of applicable federal and state securities laws and regulations. 
 (viii) Purchase and Sale of Shares. 
 All purchases of Company Stock by the Trustee shall be made at a price that does not exceed the fair market value of such Company Stock as of the date of purchase. All sales of Company Stock shall be at a price that is not less than the fair market value of such Company Stock as of the date of sale. In accordance with the Trust Agreement, purchases and sales of Company Stock may be made directly with the Company or on the open market. Any purchase or sale of Company Stock shall be made in conformance with Section 408(e) of ERISA, to the extent applicable. 
 (ix) Diversification. 
 Subject to Section 4.3(e)(iv) and applicable trading restrictions imposed by the PIC, the Trustee, or an investment fund, Participants are free to diversify the investments of their Accounts at all times. 
 (x) Limitations on Investments in the Company Stock. 
 There are two (2) limitations on the amount a Participant may invest in the Company Stock. First a Participant may not direct more than twenty percent (20 of any contribution to the Company Stock. Second, Participants and Beneficiaries are prohibited from making transfers or exchanges from other investment alternatives into the Company Stock if the transfer or exchange would cause the Participant s or Beneficiary s investment in the Company Stock to exceed twenty percent (20 of the Participant s or Beneficiary s total Account balance. At any time, the PIC may further restrict investments in the Company 
 33 

Stock or eliminate the Company Stock or any other form of investment in. Company stock as an investment alternative under the Plan. 
 The restrictions imposed by this paragraph have not been applied to Participants and Beneficiaries who directed investment exchanges transfers using the Trustee's auto-rebalance feature. Investment exchanges transfers made in violation of these restrictions from October 17, 2008 through June 8, 2018 are grandfathered. This means that Participants and Beneficiaries who were able to make exchanges transfers in excess of what is permitted by these restrictions will not be required to reduce their holdings in the Company Stock Fund. Effective June 8, 2018, the restrictions are re-imposed on all investment exchanges transfers. 
 (xi) Satisfaction of Code Section 401(a)(35) Requirements. 
 Since the Plan holds publicly traded employer securities, it is an applicable defined contribution plan, as defined in Section 401(a)(35)(E) of the Code, and it is subject to the diversification requirements set forth in Section 401(a)(35) of the Code. Every Participant (including every Beneficiary and alternate payee who has an Account in the Plan with respect to which the Beneficiary or alternate payee is entitled to exercise the rights of a Participant) has the right to divest any investment in the Company Stock attributable to elective deferrals (as described in Section 402(g)(3)(A) of the Code), employee contributions (if any), rollover contributions, and employer nonelective contributions. There is no vesting service requirement with respect to this right to diversification for any type of contribution. Amounts divested from the Company Stock may be invested in any other investment option offered under the Plan, which shall consist of at least three (3) investment options, other than employer securities, each of which is diversified and has materially different risk and return characteristics. Periodic reasonable divestment and reinvestment opportunities shall be provided at least quarterly. Except as provided in Sections 1.401(a)(35)-1(e)(2) and (3) of the Treasury Regulations, restrictions (either direct or indirect) or conditions will not be imposed on the investment of publicly traded securities if such restrictions or conditions are not imposed on the investment of other Plan assets. 
 Section 4.4 General Investment Powers of the PIC 
 (a) General. 
 The PIC may authorize or direct investments in any investment permitted under ERISA and agreed to by the Trustee. The PIC may remove the authority given to Participants to direct the investments in their own Accounts, in which case the PIC or another fiduciary will be responsible for the investments in Participant Accounts. 
 (b) Investment Managers. 
 The PIC may contract with one or more investment managers for the management of all or a portion of the Plan s assets in accordance with the requirements of ERISA. An investment manager must be registered as an investment adviser under the Investment Advisers Act of 
 34 

1940 or otherwise meet the requirements of Section 3(38)(B) of ERISA, and an investment manager must acknowledge in writing that the investment manager is a fiduciary of the Plan. The PIC may remove or replace an investment manager, as the PIC deems appropriate, in accordance with the applicable investment management contract. 
 (c) Company Stock and Bank Deposits. 
 Subject to the limitations in Sections 407 and 408 of ERISA and to any limitations or restrictions that the PIC may impose, up to one hundred percent (100 of the assets of the Plan may be invested in common stock of the Company. 
 (d) Common and Collective Trust Funds. 
 A transaction may be made between the Plan (including a trust or insurance contract forming a part thereof) and (i) a common or collective trust fund or pooled investment fund maintained by a party in interest (as such term is defined in ERISA) that is a bank or trust company supervised by a state or federal agency or (ii) a pooled investment fund of an insurance company qualified to do business in a state, if (A) the transaction is a sale or purchase of an interest in such fund, and (B) the bank, trust company, or insurance company receives not more than reasonable compensation. 
 (e) 81-100 Trusts. 
 Assets of the Plan may be invested in a group trust qualifying for exemption from tax under Section 501(a) of the Code in accordance with Revenue Ruling 81-100, as modified by Revenue Ruling 2004-67, Revenue Ruling 2011-1, and subsequent Revenue Rulings (an 81-100 Trust ). To the extent any assets of the Plan are invested in an 81-100 Trust, the provisions of the trust agreement governing the 81-100 Trust, as amended from time to time, and the trust thereby created, are hereby adopted as part of this Plan and the trust hereunder with respect to Plan assets invested therein. 
 Section 4.5 Plan Loans to Active Participants 
 A Plan loan program is available to Participants who are actively employed by a Participating Employer. Participants who are no longer actively employed by a Participating Employer may access their Accounts through distributions in accordance with the provisions of Article VI. The loan program is administered by the Trustee in accordance with procedures approved by the Administrative Committee. The loan procedures are incorporated herein by this reference and May be amended at any time without notice and without further amendment to the Plan. If there is any conflict between the loan procedures and this Section 4.5, the loan procedures shall control. 
 (a) Loan Sources. 
 Plan loans may be taken only from the following Subaccounts Salary Reduction, Roth Basic, Employee Pre-Tax Catch-Up, Roth Catch-Up, Rollover, After-Tax Rollover, Roth Rollover, Roth In-Plan Conversion, Dividend Fully Vested, AmeriMatch, Participant Voluntary, Rollover, and Employer ASB. 
 35 

(b) Application Procedures. 
 A Participant wishing to obtain a loan may initiate the process with the Trustee by telephone or Internet. The Participant has thirty (30) days after initiating the loan to complete the loan application process. If the process is not completed within thirty (30) days, the Participant must reinitiate the process. The loan application includes a promissory note and security agreement. 
 (c) Maximum Loan Amount. 
 The maximum amount which may be borrowed by a Participant is the lesser of 
 (i) Fifty Percent (50 of the Participant s vested Account balance, or 
 (ii) 50,000, reduced by the excess (if any) of 
 (A) The highest outstanding balance of loans from the Plan during the one (1)-year period ending on the day before the date on which the loan is made, minus 
 (B) The outstanding balance of loans from the Plan on the date the loan is made. 
 A Participant's Roth Contribution Subaccounts and Roth In-Plan Conversion Subaccount (defined in Section 6.11.A) will be included in determining a Participant's maximum loan amount and are available sources for loans. 
 (d) Minimum Loan Amount. 
 Loans will not be permitted for less than 1,000. 
 (e) Repayment Terms. 
 Loans must be repaid within five (5) years, unless the Participant establishes that the loan proceeds are to be used to buy the Participant s principal residence, in which case the Administrative Committee may agree to a repayment period of up to fifteen years. The principal residence exception to the five (5)-year repayment rule does not apply to loans for the improvement of a Participant s principal residence. A Participant seeking a loan must agree to have the loan repaid by payroll deduction. If a Participant has terminated employment, or is on a leave of absence other than for Qualified Military Service and is not receiving sufficient Compensation to cover the loan payments, the Participant must make loan payments directly to the Trustee. Interest shall be paid as it accrues, with level amortization. 
 (f) Purposes for Which Loans May Be Granted. 
 A Participant may have up to two loans outstanding without restriction on the use of the loan proceeds, provided the maximum loan amount is not exceeded. Under no circumstances shall 
 36 

the Administrative Committee or the Trustee administer the loan program in a manner that is more favorable to Participants who are HCEs than to other Participants. 
 (g) Interest Rates. 
 The interest rate charged for Plan loans during any calendar month shall be two percentage points above the Federal Reserve prime rate of interest as of the last working day of the month preceding the month in which the loan is made. The Administrative Committee has the authority, in its discretion, to revise the interest rate charged on Plan loans, in which event the interest rate so determined by the Administrative Committee shall apply to Plan loans made thereafter in lieu of the interest rate set forth herein. 
 (h) Collateral. 
 The loan shall be secured by fifty percent (50 of the Participant s vested Account balance at the time the loan is approved. 
 (i) Repayment Upon Distribution. 
 If a Participant or Beneficiary applies for or otherwise becomes entitled to an immediate distribution in accordance with Article VI of the Plan upon the Participant s severance from employment, Retirement, Disability, or death (including the automatic distribution of a small Account balance without the Participant s consent), the unpaid balance of any outstanding loan shall be due and payable in full immediately prior to such distribution. If repayment is not made in full prior to the distribution, the Participant s Account shall be reduced or offset by the unpaid balance when the distribution is made. The offset amount will be part of the taxable distribution to the Participant or Beneficiary. 
 (j) Default. 
 Default will occur if the Participant fails to make a payment within ninety (90) days of when the payment was due. If there is a default, the following will occur 
 The principal amount of the loan plus interest accrued through the date of default will be a deemed distribution, subject to all applicable taxes. The Trustee will issue Internal Revenue Service Form 1099-R to the Participant, reflecting the deemed distribution. 
 Although the default will be a deemed distribution, the Trustee will not reduce the Participant s Account until a distributable event occurs under the terms of the Plan. 
 The Participant will not be able to take another Plan loan until the Participant repays the balance of the defaulted loan (with interest). 
 (k) Leaves of Absence. 
 Generally, repayments must continue in a timely manner during an authorized leave of absence. However, the repayment of any Plan loan may be suspended while the 
 37 

Participant is on leave for Qualified Military Service, and, if requested by the Participant, the interest rate on the loan while the Participant is on leave for Qualified Military Service may not exceed six percent (6 ). The USERRA. procedures adopted by the Administrative Committee contain rules with respect to suspension of loan payments. 
 (l) Self-Directed Investment. 
 As with all other Plan investments, a Plan loan is a self-directed investment. In accordance with Section 4.2(c), the reasonable expenses of a loan may be charged against the Participant s Account. Interest and principal paid on a loan will be credited solely to the Participant s Account, and any loss suffered by reason of default or otherwise will be borne solely by the Participant s Account. 
 38 

ARTICLE V VESTING AND FORFEITURES 
 Section 5.1 Vesting 
 Vesting determines the portion of the Participant s Account that the Participant is entitled to receive when a distributable event occurs, such as Retirement or other severance from employment. Any portion of a Participant s Account that is not vested upon severance from employment shall be forfeited in accordance with the rules in Section 5.2. 
 (a) Immediate Vesting in All Subaccounts Other than Matching Contribution Sub accounts 
 Each Participant is always one hundred percent (100 vested in all the Participant s Subaccounts other than any Matching Contribution and Non-Elective Contribution Subaccounts. 
 (b) Vesting in Matching Contribution Subaccounts 
 (i) Termination of Employment Prior to Attainment of Normal Retirement Age. 
 Matching Contributions and Non-Elective Contributions, and their respective earnings are not immediately vested when made. Rather, for a Participant who terminates employment with the Participating Employers prior to the attainment of Normal Retirement Age, vesting in the Participant s Matching Contribution and Non-Elective Contributions Subaccounts, if any, are determined under the following schedule 
 Years of Vesting Service Vested Percentage Less than 2 Years 0 2 Years 20 3 Years 40 4 Years 60 5 Years 80 6 or more Years 100 
 (ii) Attainment of Normal Retirement Age. 
 If a Participant reaches Normal Retirement Age while employed by a Participating Employer or Associated Company, the Participant shall be one hundred percent (100 vested in his or her total Account, including any Matching Contribution or Non-Elective Contribution Subaccount, regardless of the Participant s Years of Vesting Service. 
 (c) Calculation of Years of Vesting. Service. 
 
 Years of Vesting Service are calculated using the elapsed time method, which is based on periods of employment. 
 39 

(i) General Rule. 
 Vesting service is granted for the period of time beginning on the date a Participant first (1st) performs one (1) Hour of Service for a Participating Employer or Associated Company and ending on the date the Participant severs from service with all Participating Employers and Associated Companies. A Participant severs from service on the earlier of (i) the date the Participant quits, Retires, is discharged, or dies, or (ii) the first anniversary of the first (1st) day of absence for any other reason (e.g., Disability, vacation, or leave of absence). 
 (ii) Reemployment. 
 If a former Participant is reemployed by a Participating Employer or Associated Company, vesting service shall be granted for the period of time beginning on the date such Participant is reemployed and ending on the date such Participant subsequently severs from service with all the Participating Employers and Associated Companies. If such Participant is reemployed within the twelve (12)-consecutive month period following the date on which the Participant severs from service, vesting service shall also be granted for the interim period. 
 (iii) Maternity and Paternity Absences. 
 If a Participant is absent from work for any period (a) by reason of pregnancy, the birth of a child, or the placement of a child in connection with the Participant s adoption of the child or (b) for purposes of caring for such child for a period beginning immediately following such birth or adoption, the Participant shall be credited with additional vesting service equal to the lesser of such period or twelve (12) months. The severance from service date for a Participant who is absent from work beyond the first anniversary of the first (1st) day of maternity or paternity absence shall be the second anniversary of the first (1st) day of such absence. The period between the first (1st) and second (2nd) anniversaries shall not be regarded as a period of service or a period of severance. 
 (iv) Other Leaves of Absence. 
 With respect to leaves of absence other than maternity or paternity vesting service shall be granted for 
 (A) Military Leave. 
 The period of time spent on leave for Qualified Military Service. Generally, if a Participant on leave for Qualified Military Service does not return to covered employment within five (5) years after the completion of the Qualified Military Service, no additional vesting credit shall be granted for the period of the Qualified Military Service, However, if a Participant dies while performing Qualified Military Service, the survivors of the Participant are entitled to any additional benefits (other than benefit accruals relating to the period of Qualified Military Service) provided 
 40 

under the Plan had the Participant resumed and then terminated employment on account of death. This means that the deceased Participant s Qualified Military Service will be credited as vesting service. 
 (B) Authorized Personal Leave. 
 Personal leave of absence authorized by a Participating Employer that is not in excess of one (1) year. In determining leaves of absence, a Participating Employer must act in a nondiscriminatory manner. 
 (C) Curtailment of Work. 
 A period of absence because of curtailment of work, not to exceed six (6) months, provided the Participant returns to employment within two (2) weeks after notification by a Participating Employer that work is available. 
 (v) Break-in-Service Rules 
 (A) One (1)-Year Break-in-Service. 
 Following a One (1)-Year Break in Service, a Participant s Years of Vesting Service prior to the break will not be taken into account in determining the Participant s vested interest in Matching Contributions and Non-Elective Contributions made after the break until such Participant has again completed one (1) Year of Vesting Service. 
 (B) Five (5)-Year Break-in-Service. 
 If a Participant incurs five (5) consecutive One (1)-Year Breaks in Service, vesting service credited subsequent to such One (1)-Year Breaks in Service shall be disregarded for purposes of determining the vesting percentage in Matching Contributions and Non-Elective Contributions made before such One (1)-Year Breaks in Service. 
 (d) Employment with Associated Companies. 
 Employment by an Associated Company shall be treated as employment by a Participating Employer for purposes of determining a Participant s vesting service. 
 Section 5.2 Forfeitures 
 (a) Forfeiture of Matching Contributions or Non-Elective Contributions. 
 If a Participant terminates employment with the Participating Employers without being one hundred percent (100 vested in his or her Matching Contribution or Non-Elective Contribution Subaccounts, the nonvested portion of the Participant s Matching Contribution or Non-Elective Contribution Subaccounts shall be forfeited at the time the vested portion of 
 41 

the Participant s Account is distributed or, if earlier, at the end of the period in which the Participant has incurred five (5) consecutive One (1)-Year Breaks in Service. A Participant with a zero percent (0 vested interest in Matching Contributions or Non-Elective Contribution and the earnings thereon shall be deemed to have received a distribution of the vested portion of the Participant s Matching Contribution or Non-Elective Contribution Subaccounts upon termination of employment, causing an immediate forfeiture of any Matching Contributions or Non-Elective Contributions and the earnings thereon credited to such Participant s Account. 
 (b) Restoration of Forfeited Matching Contribution or Non-Elective Contribution Subaccounts. 
 Any forfeiture from a Matching Contribution or Non-Elective Contribution Subaccounts may be restored if the Participant is reemployed by a Participating Employer before the Participant incurs five (5) consecutive One (1)-Year Breaks in Service and the Participant repays the full amount of any distribution made to the Participant from the Participant s Matching Contribution or Non-Elective Contribution Subaccounts after the Participant terminated employment. The Participant shall have five (5) years from the date of reemployment to make the necessary repayment. If the Participant makes the repayment, the exact amount forfeited shall be restored to the Participant s Matching Contribution or Non-Elective Contribution Subaccounts, without adjustment for interest or any earnings or losses for the interim period. If the forfeiture occurred because the Participant had a zero percent (0 vested interest in his or her Matching Contribution or Non-Elective Contribution Subaccounts, the restoration shall occur when the Participant has completed one (1) Year of Vesting Service upon return to employment with the Participating Employers. Any forfeited amounts that must be restored shall be restored first (1st) from current forfeitures from Matching Contribution or Non-Elective Contribution Subaccounts or second (2nd) from an additional contribution by the Participant s Participating Employer. 
 (c) Use of Forfeitures To Pay Plan Expenses and Reduce Employer Contributions. 
 Forfeited Matching Contribution and Non-Elective Contribution Subaccounts that are not used to restore amounts previously forfeited under Section 5.2(b) shall be used first to pay administrative expenses in accordance with Section 4.2(c) and as Permitted under Section 404(a) of ERISA. To the extent forfeitures exceed the amount required to pay administrative expenses, the forfeitures shall be used to reduce the Participating Employers Matching Contributions and Non-Elective Contributions for the Plan Year in which the forfeiture occurred. If the forfeitures for a Plan Year exceed the Matching Contributions and Non-Elective Contributions for such Plan Year, the excess shall be held in a suspense account and used to reduce Matching Contributions and Non-Elective Contributions in succeeding years. 
 42 

ARTICLE VI PAYMENT OF VESTED BENEFITS 
 Section 6.1 Severance from Employment 
 A Participant may apply for and receive a distribution of the Participant s vested Account balance (determined as of the most recent valuation date preceding the distribution and reduced for any outstanding Plan loan) as soon as administratively feasible following the Participant s severance from employment. 
 Section 6.2 Small Account Balances 
 If a Participant s vested Account balance is 1,000 or less (determined without regard to source), the Participant s vested Account balance shall be distributed to the Participant in a single sum as soon as administratively practicable following the Participant s severance from employment. No consent of the Participant or Participant s spouse is required for this involuntary cashout to be made. If a Participant s vested Account balance is more than 1,000 but less than or equal to 5,000 and if the Participant does not elect to have the Participant s Account balance rolled over in a direct rollover or distributed to the Participant, the Participant s Account balance shall automatically be rolled over into an individual retirement account designated by the Administrative Committee. If a Participant s vested Account balance exceeds 5,000 (disregarding any amounts attributable to Rollover Contributions), no distribution may be made to the Participant before the Participant reaches Normal Retirement Age without the consent of the Participant. 
 Section 6.3 Statutory Commencement Date 
 Benefits must commence no later than the sixtieth (60th) day after the close of the Plan Year in which the latest of the following occurs 
 (a) The Participant reaches Normal Retirement Age 
 (b) The Participant reaches the tenth anniversary of the year in which the Participant commenced participation in the Plan or 
 (c) The Participant severs employment. 
 Notwithstanding the foregoing, subject to Section 6.8, a Participant must make a claim for benefits and complete the proper distribution processes before benefits will commence under this Section 6.3. 
 Section 6.4 Forms of Benefit Following Severance from Employment 
 The forms of benefit available to Participants following severance from employment are 
 43 

(a) A single sum (also known as a lump sum) payable as soon as administratively feasible following completion of all applicable distribution forms 
 (b) An installment option with respect to HEISOP Sub accounts only, as described in Section 6.5 
 (c) Periodic payments of required minimum distributions only, as described in Section 6.6 and 
 (d) A partial withdrawal of the Participant s vested Account balance (reduced by any outstanding loan balance) as elected by the Participant. A Participant may elect a partial withdrawal no more than once in any Plan Year. 
 All distributions shall be in cash, except that a Participant s investment in Company Stock shall be distributed to the Participant in whole shares of Company Stock. However, a Participant may elect to receive cash in lieu of Company Stock (and shall be deemed to have made such an election with respect to any automatic distribution of 5,000 or less, in accordance with Section 6.2, unless the Participant affirmatively elects to receive the distribution in the form of Company Stock before the automatic distribution is made). No fractional shares shall be issued the value of any fractional share of stock shall be paid in cash. 
 Materials explaining the available forms of benefit and the benefit election procedures will be provided to Participants upon termination of employment, and a Participant may make a benefit election on the Trustee s website or by contacting the Trustee by telephone. The materials shall describe the Participant s right to defer distribution until the Participant s Normal Retirement Date and the consequences of failing to defer the distribution. Distribution materials shall be provided to the Participant no less than thirty (30) days and no more than one hundred eighty (180) days before the distribution commences provided, however, that the distribution may commence less than thirty (30) days after the distribution materials are provided to the Participant if the materials clearly inform the Participant that the Participant has the right to a period of at least thirty (30) days after receiving the materials to consider the decision of whether or not to elect a distribution (and, if applicable, a particular distribution option) and, after receiving the materials, the Participant affirmatively elects a distribution. 
 Section 6.5 Installment Option for HEISOP Subaccounts 
 Unless the Participant elects otherwise, the portion of the Participant s HEISOP Subaccounts, if any, invested in the Company Stock shall be distributed in substantially equal periodic payments (not less frequently than annually) over a period not longer than the greater of 
 (a) Five (5) years, or 
 (b) In the case of a Participant with investments in the Company Stock in excess of 1,230,000, five (5) years plus one (1) additional year (but no more than five (5) additional years) for each 245,000 or fraction thereof by which such balance exceeds 1,230,000. The 1,230,000 and 245,000 amounts are subject to increase with the cost of living after 2022 in accordance with Section 409(o)(2) of the Code. 
 44 

Section 6.6 Periodic Payments of Minimum Distributions 
 A Participant may request that his or her vested Account balance be distributed in the form of periodic payments of required minimum distributions only, commencing on. the Participant s required beginning date and continuing until the Participant s Account has been fully distributed to the Participant in accordance with this Section 6.6 or to the Participant s Beneficiary in accordance with Section 6.7, and determined and paid in accordance with Section 6.8. A Participant who has elected to receive periodic payments of required minimum distributions may elect to receive a single-sum distribution of his or her remaining vested Account balance (reduced by any outstanding loan balance) at any time. Required beginning date is defined in Section 6.8(h)(v). 
 Section 6.7 Death Benefits 
 If a Participant dies prior to distribution of the Participant s total vested Account balance, such Participant s designated Beneficiary shall be entitled to receive the Participant s remaining vested Account balance (reduced by any outstanding loans) as a death benefit. Death benefits may be paid as soon as administratively feasible following the Participant s death and must be made by the end of the year which contains the fifth anniversary of the Participant s death. Death benefits shall be paid in a single sum distribution, except that (a) to the extent, if any, that required minimum distributions are required to be made to the Beneficiary between the date of the Participant s death and the time at which the remaining Account balance is required to be distributed pursuant to the preceding sentence (or, if earlier, the date the Beneficiary elects to receive a single sum distribution), such required minimum distributions shall be made in accordance with Section 6.8 and (b) subject to Section 6.8, the Beneficiary may elect (or, if distributions to the Participant previously commenced, may continue to receive) installment payments with respect to HEISOP Subaccounts only, as described in Section 6.5. 
 A Participant s Beneficiary shall be the person or legal entity designated by the Participant in accordance with procedures approved by the Administrative Committee, provided that a married Participant s spouse shall automatically be his or her Beneficiary unless the spouse has consented to an alternate Beneficiary. The spouse s signature on the consent form must be notarized or witnessed by an authorized Plan representative. Spousal consent shall not be required if it is established to the satisfaction of the Administrative Committee that such consent may not be obtained because there is no spouse, because the spouse cannot be located, or because of such other circumstances as the Treasury Regulations may prescribe. 
 Subject to the rights of a married Participant s spouse, a Participant may revoke or change designation of the Participant s Beneficiary at any time in accordance with procedures approved by the Administrative Committee. Whenever a Participant designates a new Beneficiary, all former Beneficiary designations by such Participant shall be revoked automatically. If, upon the death of a Participant, there is no valid Beneficiary designation on file with the Administrative Committee or third-party record keeper or the Beneficiary has predeceased the Participant, the Beneficiary of the Participant s vested Account balance shall be, in order of priority 
 (a) The Participant s surviving spouse, if any 
 
 45 

(b) The estate of the deceased Participant. 
 Facts as shown by the records of the Plan at the time of the Participant s death shall be conclusive as to the identity of the proper Beneficiary. If a Participant and the Participant s spouse divorce, any designation of the spouse as Beneficiary shall automatically become null and void. The former spouse shall be treated as the Beneficiary under this Plan only if after the divorce the Participant expressly redesignates the former spouse as the Participant s Beneficiary. 
 Section 6.8 Required Minimum Distributions 
 The provisions of this Section 6.8 shall apply for purposes of determining required minimum distributions. 
 (a) Precedence. 
 The requirements of this Section 6.8 shall take precedence over any inconsistent provisions of the Plan, provided that this Section 6.8 shall not be read to create a form of distribution that is not otherwise available under this Article VI. 
 (b) Requirements of Treasury Regulations Incorporated. 
 All distributions required under this Section 6.8 shall be determined and made in accordance with the Treasury Regulations under Section 401(a)(9) of the Code, which are incorporated herein by this reference. 
 (c) Time and Manner of Distribution 
 (vi) Required Beginning Date. 
 The Participant s entire interest must be distributed, or begin to be distributed, no later than the Participant s required beginning date. 
 (vii) Death of Participant Before Distributions Begin. 
 If the Participant dies before distributions begin, the Participant s entire interest will be distributed to the Participant s Beneficiary by December 31 of the calendar year containing the fifth anniversary of the Participant s death. 
 (d) Forms of Distribution. 
 Distributions shall be made in accordance with Sections 6.8(e) and (f). 
 (e) Required Minimum Distributions During Participant s Lifetime 
 (i) Amount of Required Minimum Distribution for Each Distribution Calendar Year. 
 During the Participant s lifetime, the minimum amount distributed for each distribution calendar year shall be the lesser of 
 46 

(A) The quotient obtained by dividing the Participant s Account balance by the distribution period in the Uniform Lifetime Table set forth in Section 1.401(a)(9)-9, Q&A-2, of the Treasury Regulations, using the Participant s age as of the Participant s birthday in the distribution calendar year or 
 (B) If the Participant s sole designated Beneficiary for the distribution calendar year is the Participant s spouse, the quotient obtained by dividing the Participant s Account balance by the number in the Joint and Last Survivor Table set forth in Section 1.401(a)(9)-9, Q&A-3, of the Treasury Regulations, using the Participant s and spouse s attained ages as of the Participant s and spouse s birthdays in the distribution calendar year. 
 (ii) Lifetime Required Minimum Distributions Continue Through Year of Participant s Death. 
 Required minimum distributions shall be determined under this Section 6.8(e) beginning with the first distribution calendar year and up to and including the distribution calendar year that includes the Participant s date of death. 
 (f) Required Minimum Distributions After Participant s Death 
 (i) Death On or After the Date Distributions Begin 
 (A) Participant Survived by Designated Beneficiary. 
 If the Participant dies on or after the date distributions begin and there is a designated Beneficiary, the minimum amount that must be distributed for each distribution calendar year after the year of the Participant s death is the quotient obtained by dividing the Participant s Account balance by the longer of the remaining life expectancy of the Participant or the remaining life expectancy of the Participant s designated Beneficiary, determined as follows 
 (1) The Participant s remaining life expectancy is calculated using the age of the Participant in the year of death, reduced by one for each subsequent year. 
 (2) If the Participant s surviving spouse is the Participant s sole designated Beneficiary, the remaining life expectancy of the surviving spouse is calculated for each distribution calendar year after the year of the Participant s death using the surviving spouse s age as of the spouse s birthday in that year. For distribution calendar years after the year of the surviving spouse s death, the remaining life expectancy of the surviving spouse is calculated using the age of the surviving spouse as of the spouse s birthday in the calendar year of the 
 47 

spouse s death, reduced by one for each subsequent calendar year. 
 (3) If the Participant s surviving spouse is not the Participant s sole designated Beneficiary, the designated Beneficiary s remaining life expectancy is calculated using the age of the Beneficiary in the year following the year of the Participant s death, reduced by one for each subsequent year. 
 (B) No Designated Beneficiary. 
 If the Participant dies on or after the date distributions begin and there is no designated Beneficiary as of September 30 of the year after the year of the Participant s death, the minimum amount that shall be distributed for each distribution calendar year after the year of the Participant s death is the quotient obtained by dividing the Participant s Account balance by the Participant s remaining life expectancy calculated using the age of the Participant in the year of death, reduced by one for each subsequent year. 
 (ii) Death Before Date Distributions Begin 
 (A) General Rule. 
 If the Participant dies before the date distributions begin, the minimum amount that shall be distributed for each distribution calendar year after the year of the Participant s death is the quotient obtained by dividing the Participant s Account balance by the remaining life expectancy of the Participant s designated Beneficiary, determined as provided in Section 6.8(f)(i). 
 (B) No Designated Beneficiary. 
 If the Participant dies before the date distributions begin and there is no designated Beneficiary as of September 30 of the year following the year of the Participant s death, distribution of the Participant s entire interest shall be completed by December 31 of the calendar year containing the fifth anniversary of the Participant s death. 
 (C) Death of Surviving Spouse Before Distributions to Surviving Spouse Are Required to Begin. 
 If the Participant dies before the date distributions begin, the Participant s surviving spouse is the Participant s sole designated Beneficiary, and the surviving spouse dies before distributions are required to begin to the surviving spouse under Section 6.8(c)(ii), this Section 6.8(f)(ii) shall apply as if the surviving spouse were the Participant. 
 48 

(g) Full Distribution Required by End of Fifth Year After Death. 
 This Section 6.8 establishes the minimum amount that must be distributed for each distribution calendar year after the year of the Participant s death, but it shall not be read to permit any Beneficiary to retain an Account in the Plan after the date on which distribution is required under Section 6.7. 
 (h) Definitions. 
 The following definitions supplement the definitions in other parts of the Plan, in particular Article XII. 
 (i) Designated Beneficiary. 
 The designated Beneficiary is the individual who is designated as the Beneficiary in accordance with Section 6.7 of the Plan and is the designated Beneficiary under Section 401(a)(9) of the Code and Section 1.401(a)(9)-4 of the Treasury Regulations. Section 1.401(a)(9)-4, Q&A-5 permits the designation of a trust as Beneficiary provided the requirements of the cited Section are met. Under Section 6.7 of the Plan, spousal consent is required for a married Participant to designate a trust or any other person or entity other than the Participant s surviving spouse as Beneficiary. 
 (ii) Distribution Calendar Year. 
 A distribution calendar year is a calendar year for which a minimum distribution is required. For distributions beginning before the Participant s death, the first distribution calendar year is the calendar year immediately preceding the calendar year that contains the Participant s required beginning date. For distributions beginning after the Participant s death, the first distribution calendar year is the calendar year in which distributions are required to begin under Section 6.8(c)(ii). The required minimum distribution for the Participant s first distribution calendar year shall be made on or before the Participant s required beginning date. The required minimum distribution for other distribution calendar years, including the required minimum distribution for the distribution calendar year in which the Participant s required beginning date occurs, shall be made on or before December 31 of that distribution calendar year. 
 (iii) Life Expectancy. 
 Life expectancy means life expectancy as computed by use of the Single Life Table in Section 1.401(a)(9)-9, Q&A-1, of the Treasury Regulations. 
 (iv) Participant s Account Balance. 
 A Participant s Account balance is the total balance of a Participant s Account as of the last valuation date in the calendar year immediately preceding the distribution calendar year (the valuation calendar year increased by the amount 
 49 

of any contributions made and allocated or forfeitures allocated to the Participant s Account as of dates in the valuation calendar year after the valuation date and decreased by distributions made in the valuation calendar year after the valuation date. The Account balance for the valuation calendar year includes any amounts rolled over or transferred to the Plan either in the valuation calendar year or in the distribution calendar year if distributed or transferred in the valuation calendar year. 
 (v) Required Beginning Date. 
 Required beginning date means the following 
 (A) Five Percent (5 Owners . 
 The required beginning date for a Participant who was a five percent (5 owner at any time during the Plan Year (calendar year) in which the Participant attains age seventy-two (72) shall be April 1st of the calendar year following the calendar year in which the Participant attains age seventy-two (72). In the case of a Participant who becomes a five percent (5 owner during any subsequent Plan Year, the required beginning date shall be the April 1st of the calendar year following the calendar year in which such subsequent Plan Year ends. Once distributions begin to a five percent (5 owner because they are required to begin under this Section 6.8, they must continue even if the Participant ceases to be a five percent (5 owner in a subsequent calendar year. 
 (B) Other Participants . 
 The required beginning date for a Participant who is not a five percent (5 owner shall be April 1st of the calendar year following the later of the calendar year in which the Participant attains age seventy-two (72) or the calendar year in which the Participant Retires. Every Participant other than a five percent (5 owner who reaches age seventy-two (72) while actively employed by a Participating Employer may elect (1) to commence receiving benefits on April 1st following the calendar year in which the Participant attains age seventy-two (72) or (2) to defer the commencement of benefits to a date no later than April 1st following the calendar year in which the Participant Retires. 
 (C) Five Percent (5 Owner . 
 A five percent (5 owner is any person who owns (or is considered to own. under the attribution rules in Section 318 of the Code) more than five percent (5 of the outstanding stock of the Company or stock possessing more than five percent (5 of the total combined voting power of the Company. 
 50 

(vi) Suspension of Required Minimum Distributions for 2009. 
 Notwithstanding the foregoing provisions of this Section 6.8, a Participant or Beneficiary who would have been required to receive required minimum distributions for 2009 but for the enactment of Section 401(a)(9)(H) of the Code 2009 RMDs ), and who would have satisfied that requirement by receiving distributions that are (A) equal to the 2009 RMDs or (B) one or more payments in a series of substantially equal distributions (that include the 2009 RMDs) made at least annually and expected to last for the life (or life expectancy) of the Participant, the joint lives (or joint life expectancy) of the Participant and the Participant s designated Beneficiary, or for a period of at least 10 years Extended 2009 RMDs ), will not receive those distributions for 2009 unless the Participant or Beneficiary chooses to receive such distributions. Participants and Beneficiaries described in the preceding sentence will be given the opportunity to elect to receive the distributions described in the preceding sentence. In addition, notwithstanding Section 6.11 of the Plan, and solely for purposes of applying the direct rollover provisions of the Plan, 2009 RMDs and Extended 2009 RMDs will be treated as eligible rollover distributions. 
 Section 6.9 In-Service Withdrawals 
 (a) Withdrawals from Participant Voluntary, Voluntary HEISOP, After-Tax Rollover, Roth Rollover, Roth In-Plan Conversion, Dividend Fully Vested, and IRA Subaccounts. 
 A Participant may at any time request (in accordance with procedures approved by the Administrative Committee) a withdrawal from the following Subaccounts Participant Voluntary, Voluntary HEISOP, After-Tax Rollover, Roth Rollover, Roth In-Plan Conversion, Dividend Fully Vested, and IRA. Any withdrawal will be processed as soon as administratively practicable after the request is made. 
 (b) Withdrawals for Participants Who Have Reached Age Fifty-Nine and a Half (59 1 2). 
 A Participant who has attained age fifty-nine and a half (59 1 2) may at any time request (in accordance with procedures approved by the Administrative Committee) a withdrawal of all or any part of the Participant s vested Account balance (reduced by any outstanding loan balance), except that in-service withdrawals are not permitted from Matching Contribution or Non-Elective Contribution Subaccounts. Only one such withdrawal shall be permitted for any Plan Year. Any withdrawal will be processed as soon as administratively practicable after the request is made. 
 (c) Hardship Withdrawals 
 (i) Available Sources. 
 Hardship withdrawals may be made from the Participant s vested interest in the following Subaccounts only Salary Reduction, Participant Voluntary, AmeriShare, Rollover, After-Tax Rollover, Roth Basic, Employee Pre-Tax Catch- 
 51 

up, Roth Catch-Up, AmeriMatch, Employer ASB, Employer BIA, HEI Diversified Plan, Voluntary HEISOP, and Employer HEISOP. 
 (ii) Procedures. 
 To qualify for a hardship withdrawal, a Participant must demonstrate (in accordance with procedures approved by the Administrative Committee) that the Participant has an immediate and heavy financial need and that the distribution is necessary to satisfy the immediate and heavy financial need. 
 (iii) Immediate and Heavy Financial Need. 
 A Participant shall be deemed to have an immediate and heavy financial need in connection with 
 (A) Burial or funeral expenses for the Participant s deceased parent, spouse, child, dependent (as defined in Section 152 of the Code without regard to subsection 152(d)(1)(B)), or designated Beneficiary. 
 (B) Expenses for (or necessary to obtain) medical care that would be deductible under Section 213(d) of the Code, determined without regard to the limitations in Section 213(a) of the Code (relating to the applicable percentage of adjusted gross income and the recipients of the medical care) provided that, if the recipient of the medical care is not listed in Section 213(a) of the Code, the recipient is a primary Beneficiary under the Plan. 
 (C) Costs directly related to the purchase of the Participant s principal residence (excluding mortgage payments). 
 (D) Payment of tuition, related educational fees, and room and board expenses for up to the next twelve (12) months of post-secondary education for the Participant or the Participant s spouse, child, dependent (as defined in Code Section 152 without regard to Section 152(b)(1), (b)(2), and (d)(1)(B)), or for a primary Beneficiary under the Plan. 
 (E) Payments necessary to prevent the eviction of the Participant from the Participant s principal residence or foreclosure on the mortgage of the Participant s principal residence. 
 (F) Expenses for the repair of damage to the Participant s principal residence that would qualify for the casualty deduction under Section 165 of the Code (determined without regard to Section 165(h)(5) and whether the loss exceeds ten percent (10 of adjusted gross income). 
 (G) Expenses and losses (including loss of income) incurred by the Participant on account of a disaster declared by the Federal Emergency Management Agency FEMA under the Robert T. Stafford Disaster Relief and 
 52 

Emergency Assistance Act, Public Law 100-707, provided that the Participant s principal residence or principal place of employment at the time of the disaster was located in an area designated by FEMA for individual assistance with respect to the disaster. 
 A primary Beneficiary under the Plan is an individual who is named as a Beneficiary under the Plan and has an unconditional right, upon the death of the Participant, to all or a portion of the Participant s Account balance under the Plan. 
 (iv) Withdrawal May Not Exceed Amount of Need. 
 The amount of any hardship withdrawal may not exceed the amount necessary to relieve the immediate and heavy financial need. The withdrawal may include the amount necessary to pay any federal, state, or local taxes or penalties reasonably anticipated to result from the withdrawal. 
 (v) No Alternative Means Reasonably Available. 
 A distribution shall not be treated as necessary to satisfy an immediate and heavy financial need of a Participant unless each of the following requirements is satisfied. 
 (A) The Participant has obtained all other currently available distributions (including distributions of ESOP dividends under Section 404(k) of the Code, but not hardship distributions) under the Plan and all other plans of deferred compensation, whether qualified or nonqualified, maintained by a Participating Employer 
 (B) The Participant has provided to the Plan Administrator a representation in writing (including by using an electronic medium as defined in Treasury Regulations Section 1.401(a)-21(e)(3)), or in such other form as may be prescribed by the Commissioner of Internal Revenue, that he or she has insufficient cash or other liquid assets reasonably available to satisfy the need and 
 (C) The Plan Administrator does not have actual knowledge that is contrary to the Participant s representation. 
 Section 6.10 Qualified Domestic Relations Orders 
 (a) General. 
 Through a Qualified Domestic Relations Order QDRO ), a Participant s spouse, child, or other tax dependent (each, an alternate payee may obtain rights to the Participant s benefits. A QDRO is a domestic relations order which assigns to an alternate payee or recognizes an alternate payee s right to receive all or a portion of the benefits payable with respect to a Participant under the Plan. A domestic relations order is not a QDRO and shall 
 53 

not be honored by the Administrative Committee if it requires the Plan to provide any form of benefit or other option of any kind not otherwise available under the Plan or requires the Plan to pay benefits in excess of the Participant s vested Account balance. The one exception to this rule is that, in accordance with a domestic relations order that the Administrative Committee or a court of competent jurisdiction determines to be a QDRO, the Administrative Committee may direct that a single-sum distribution be made to the alternate payee as soon as practicable notwithstanding age, employment status, or any other factor that might prevent the Participant from receiving a distribution from his or her Account at the same time. 
 (b) DRO Requirements. 
 To be a QDRO, a domestic relations order must clearly specify (a) the name and last known mailing address of the Participant (unless otherwise known by the Administrative Committee) and the name and mailing address of the alternate payee, (b) the amount or percentage of the Participant s benefits to be paid by the Plan to each alternate payee or the manner in which such amount is to be determined, and (c) the form in which the benefit is to be paid. The domestic relations order must specifically designate the Plan as the Plan from which the benefits are to be paid. Finally, a domestic relations order cannot require the payment of benefits to an. alternate payee that are required to be paid to another alternate payee under a previous QDRO. 
 (c) Procedures. 
 The Administrative Committee has established procedures for determining whether a domestic relations order is a QDRO and for notifying the Participant and the alternate payee(s) of the receipt of the domestic relations order and of the steps that will be taken to determine whether the order is a QDRO. The procedures are incorporated herein by this reference and may be amended at any time without notice and without further amendment to the Plan. 
 (d) Separate Accounting. 
 If the Administrative Committee determines that a domestic relations order is a QDRO, the Administrative Committee will honor the QDRO. If the QDRO does not direct an immediate distribution as permitted by this Section 6.10, the Administrative Committee will direct the Trustee to establish a separate Account in the Plan for the alternate payee, and the alternate payee shall have all rights afforded under the Plan to Beneficiaries. Primarily, this means the alternate payee will be able to direct the investment of his or her Account in accordance with the rules in Article IV, but the alternate payee will not be able to borrow from his or her Account. 
 Section 6.11 Eligible Rollover Distributions 
 A Distributee who is entitled to a distribution may elect, in accordance with procedures approved by the Administrative Committee, to have any portion of an Eligible Rollover Distribution paid directly in a Direct Rollover to an Eligible Retirement Plan . 
 54 

(a) Definitions. 
 For purposes of this Section 6.11, the following definitions apply 
 (i) Eligible Rollover Distribution means any distribution of all or any portion of a Participant s Account, except that an Eligible Rollover Distribution shall not include 
 (A) Any distribution that is one of a series of substantially equal periodic payments made no less frequently than annually for the life (or life expectancy) of the Distributee or the joint lives (or joint life expectancies) of the Distributee and the Distributee s beneficiary, or for a specified period of ten years or more 
 (B) Any distribution to the extent such distribution is required under Section 401(a)(9) of the Code 
 (C) Any hardship withdrawal and 
 (D) Any distributions during a calendar year that are reasonably expected to total less than 200. 
 A portion of a distribution shall not fail to be an Eligible Rollover Distribution merely because the portion consists of after-tax employee contributions that are not includible in gross income. However, such portion may be transferred only to an individual retirement account or annuity described in Section 408(a) or (b) of the Code or to a qualified trust (defined contribution or defined benefit) or 403(b) annuity contract, provided the qualified trust or annuity contract agrees to separately account for amounts so transferred (and the earnings thereon), including separately accounting for the portion of such distribution that is includible in gross income and the portion that is not so includible. 
 (ii) Eligible Retirement Plan means any of the following accounts or plans to the extent it accepts the Distributee s Eligible Rollover Distribution 
 (A) A qualified retirement plan described in Code Section 401(a) 
 (B) An individual retirement account described in Code Section 408(a) 
 (C) An individual retirement annuity described in Code Section 408(b) (other than an. endowment contract) 
 (D) An annuity plan described in Code Section 403(a) 
 (E) An annuity contract described in Code Section 403(b) or 
 (F) An eligible deferred compensation plan under Code Section 457(b) that is maintained by a state, a political subdivision of a state, or any agency or 
 55 

instrumentality of a state or political subdivision of a state, and that agrees to separately account for amounts transferred into such plan from this Plan. 
 (iii) A Distributee includes a Participant, the surviving spouse of a deceased Participant, and the current or former spouse of a Participant who is an alternate payee under a QDRO that has been approved by the Administrative Committee. Distributee also includes a non-spouse Beneficiary of a deceased Participant. However, a non-spouse Beneficiary may make a direct rollover only to an individual retirement account described in section 408(a) of the Code or an individual retirement annuity described in section 408(b) of the Code (including a Roth IRA) that is established on behalf of the non-spouse Beneficiary and that will be treated as an inherited IRA pursuant to the provisions of section 402(c)(11) of the Code. 
 (iv) A Direct Rollover is a direct payment of an Eligible Rollover Distribution by any reasonable means from the Trustee of this Plan to the trustee, custodian, or annuity provider of the Eligible Retirement Plan specified by the Distributee. 
 (v) A Distributee may do a Direct Rollover to a Roth IRA if the Distributee meets the requirements that apply to rollovers from a traditional IRA to a Roth IRA. 
 (b) Notice. 
 Prior to a distribution to a Distributee, the Plan Administrator or third party service provider shall provide the Distributee a notice describing the Distributee s right to have lump-sum distributions rolled over in a Direct Rollover to an Eligible Retirement Plan and describing certain tax consequences that will follow if a Direct Rollover is not made (the 402(f) Notice ). The Plan Administrator or third party service provider shall issue the 402(f) Notice at least thirty (30) days but no more than one hundred eighty (180) days prior to the date a distribution is made. However, such Eligible Rollover Distribution may commence less than thirty (30) days after the notice is given provided that the 402(f) Notice clearly informs the Distributee that the Distributee has the right to a period of at least thirty (30) days after receiving the notice to consider the decision of whether or not to elect a Direct Rollover and the Distributee, after receiving the notice, affirmatively elects a distribution. 
 (c) Income Tax Withholding. 
 Any taxable amount that is an Eligible Rollover Distribution but that the Distributee chooses not to have directly rolled over is subject to twenty percent (20 income tax withholding. This includes distributions that the Distributee intends to roll over in a traditional sixty (60)-day rollover transaction. 
 (d) Special Rules for Direct Rollovers from Roth Contribution Subaccounts. 
 For purposes of applying this Section 6.11 to Roth Contribution Subaccounts, the following special rules shall apply 
 56 

(i) The 200 threshold for Eligible Rollover Distributions in Section 6.11(a)(i)(D) shall be applied separately to a Participant's Roth Contribution Subaccounts and to the remainder of a Participant's Account. 
 (ii) A Direct Rollover from a Roth Contribution Subaccount may be made only to a Roth IRA (a Roth individual retirement account or Roth individual retirement annuity) or a designated Roth account in (A) a qualified retirement plan described in Code Section 401(a), (B) an annuity contract described in Code Section 403(b), or (C) an eligible deferred compensation plan under Code Section 457(b) that is maintained by a state, a political subdivision of a state, or any agency or instrumentality of a state or political subdivision of a state, that will accept the Direct Rollover. 
 (iii) The Plan Administrator shall provide a 402(f) Notice that describes rollover rights with respect to the Participant's Roth Contribution Subaccount. 
 Section 6.11.A Roth In-Plan Conversions 
 After a Participant has had a distributable event (e.g., attainment of age fifty-nine and a half (59 1 2) or severance from employment), the Participant may make a direct rollover of the vested portion of any Subaccount (other than a Roth Contribution Subaccount) to a separate account established by the Trustee (a Roth In-Plan Conversion Subaccount ). The direct rollover will be subject to income tax at the time of rollover to the same extent as a direct rollover outside of the Plan to a Roth IRA. A Roth in-Plan conversion is permitted only for active and terminated, vested Participants and only with respect to an amount that would be an Eligible Rollover Distribution, as defined in Section 6.11(a)(i) above, if it were distributed or rolled over outside of the Plan. Surviving spouses, other Beneficiaries, and alternate payees may not make Roth in-Plan conversions. If a Participant has an outstanding Plan loan, the loan balance is not eligible for Roth in-Plan conversion. Before a Participant makes a Roth in-Plan conversion, the Plan Administrator shall provide the Participant with a 402(f) Notice that describes the tax effects of a Roth in-Plan conversion. An election to make a Roth in-Plan conversion is irrevocable once the direct rollover has been made. Roth In-Plan Conversion Subaccounts are subject to the same distribution and withdrawal rules and restrictions as Roth Contribution Subaccounts. 
 Section 6.12 Special Rules for Participants Called to Military Service 
 (a) HEART Act Requirement (Effective January 1, 2009). 
 A Participant who is performing Qualified Military Service while on active duty for a period of more than thirty (30) days shall be treated as having been severed from employment. This permits a Participant to take a distribution from his or her vested Account balance. 
 57 

(b) Pension Protection Act Requirements as Extended by the HEART Act (Effective January 1, 2010) 
 (i) Permissible Withdrawals of Salary Reduction Contributions. 
 If a Participant is (by reason of being a member of a reserve component (as defined in Section 101 of Title 37 of the United States Code) ordered or called to active duty for a period in excess of one hundred and seventy-nine (179) days or for an indefinite period, the Participant may request a withdrawal from the Participant s Salary Reduction and Employee Pre-Tax Catch-up Subaccounts during the period beginning on the date of the order or call to active duty and ending at the close of the active duty period. 
 (ii) Relief from Early Distribution Penalty Tax. 
 Any withdrawal under Section 6.12(b)(i) is exempt from the early distribution penalty tax under Section 72(t) of the Code in accordance with Section 72(t)(2)(G). (A distribution under Section 6.12(a) qualifies for this relief only if the distribution meets the requirements of Section 6.12(b)(i).) 
 (iii) Repayment Possibility. 
 Any Participant who receives a withdrawal under Section 6.12(b)(i) may, at any time during the two (2)-year period beginning on the day after the end of the active duty period, make one or more contributions to an individual retirement plan of such Participant in an aggregate amount not to exceed the amount of such distribution. The dollar limitations otherwise applicable to contributions to individual retirement plans shall not apply to any contributions made pursuant to the preceding sentence. No deductions shall be allowed for any contributions made to an individual retirement plan pursuant to this paragraph. 
 58 

ARTICLE VII ADMIMSTRATION 
 Section 7.1 PIC, Administrative Committee, and Investment Committee 
 (a) PIC. 
 The PIC has plenary authority to oversee the administration of the Plan and the investment options offered under the Plan. At its discretion, the Compensation Committee may appoint, remove, and replace members of the PIC. 
 (b) Administrative Committee. 
 The PIC has established the Administrative Committee and authorized it to oversee the day-to-day administration of the Plan. The Administrative Committee is authorized, in its discretion, to (i) interpret and construe the provisions of the Plan (ii) resolve any ambiguities and reconcile any inconsistencies in the provisions of the Plan and (iii) monitor the performance of third-party administrators, including the administrative performance of the Trustee. Subject to the Claims Procedures in Article VIII, the Administrative Committee shall determine, in its discretion, all questions with respect to any individual s rights under the Plan, including, but not limited to, eligibility for participation and eligibility for and the amount of benefits payable from the Plan. The Administrative Committee is specifically authorized to recover the overpayment of any benefits from the Plan and to institute legal proceedings, if necessary, to recover an overpayment. 
 (c) Investment Committee. 
 The PIC has established the Investment Committee and authorized it to oversee the day-to-day financial affairs of the Plan. The Investment Committee is authorized to (i) monitor the investment options offered under the Plan and the investment policy statement for the Plan (ii) monitor the financial performance and reporting of the Trustee (iii) maintain or cause to be maintained proper financial records for the Plan and (iv) file or cause to be filed all reports and other filings required by the United States Securities and Exchange Commission with respect to the Plan. 
 (d) Rules and Procedures. 
 The PIC, Administrative Committee, and Investment Committee may promulgate and publish such rules and procedures as each deems appropriate for its own actions and for the operation, administration, and investments of the Plan. A member of the PIC, Administrative Committee, or Investment Committee shall not have the right to vote on any matter relating solely to his or her own interests in the Plan, but may vote on matters affecting a class or group of Participants of which the member is a part. 
 59 

(e) Consents and Elections. 
 All consents, elections, applications, designations, and other submissions required or permitted under the Plan must be made in accordance with procedures approved by the Administrative Committee, and shall be valid only if properly completed, executed, and returned to the Administrative Committee or a third party service provider appointed by the Company, the PIC, or the Administrative Committee. 
 (f) Delegation of Authority. 
 The PIC, Administrative Committee, and Investment Committee may delegate any of their powers and duties to any person or group of persons, for example, to one or more officers or employees of the Company or another Participating Employer. 
 (g) Professional Assistance. 
 The PIC, Administrative Committee, and Investment Committee may employ attorneys, actuaries, accountants, investment consultants, and other service providers, as appropriate, to give counsel to or otherwise assist them in performing their duties hereunder. The fees and expenses of such persons may be paid in accordance with Section 4.2(e). 
 (h) General. 
 The PIC, Administrative Committee, and Investment Committee shall have all other powers granted to them in other sections of this document or their governing charters. At its discretion, the PIC may remove or replace the members of the Administrative Committee and Investment Committee and may revoke, amend, or enlarge the authority of the Administrative Committee and Investment Committee. The decisions of the PIC, Administrative Committee, and Investment Committee on any matters within their jurisdiction shall be binding and conclusive upon the Participating Employers and upon each Participant, Beneficiary, and other interested party. 
 Section 7.2 Plan Administrator 
 The Company shall be the Plan Administrator, as defined in Section 3(16)(A) of ERISA. 
 (a) Reporting and Disclosure. 
 The Company shall be responsible for filing with governmental authorities and disclosing to Participants and their Beneficiaries all returns, reports, and other materials required under ERISA or the Code. 
 (b) Legal Process, 
 The Company shall be the Plan s agent for the service of legal process. 
 60 

Section 7.3 Trust Agreement 
 The Company has entered into a Trust Agreement with the Trustee for the investment and custody of Plan assets. The Trust Agreement is a master trust agreement for the custody and investment of assets for this Plan and the American Savings Bank 401(k) Plan, with separate accounting for the two plans. The trust established under the Trust Agreement is part of this Plan, and any rights or benefits accruing to any person under this Plan shall be subject to all of the relevant terms of the Trust Agreement. In addition to the powers of the Trustee set forth in the Trust Agreement, the Trustee shall have any powers, express or implied, granted to it under the Plan. In the event of any conflict between the provisions of the Trust Agreement and the provisions of the Plan, the provisions of the Plan shall control, except in matters concerning the duties and responsibilities of the Trustee, in which case the Trust Agreement shall control. The fees and expenses of the Trustee shall be paid in accordance with the Trust Agreement and Section 4.2(c) hereunder. 
 Section 7.4 Bonding 
 Subject to the exceptions in Section 412 of ERISA and applicable U.S. Department of Labor guidance, every person who handles funds or other property of the Plan shall be bonded. 
 Section 7.5 Indemnification 
 Except as required by ERISA, the Plan s fiduciaries shall not be liable for any mistake of judgment or other action taken in good faith. No fiduciary shall be personally liable by virtue of any contract, agreement, bond, or other instrument made or executed by himself or herself or any other fiduciary on behalf of the Plan. 
 The Participating Employers shall indemnify, defend, and hold harmless the members of the PIC, Administrative Committee, and Investment Committee and employees of the Participating Employers acting on their behalf with respect to the Plan from and against any and all claims, losses, damages, expenses, and liabilities arising, directly or indirectly, from their responsibilities in connection with the Plan, except where any such liability is judicially determined to be the result of willful misconduct. The Participating Employers may purchase fiduciary liability insurance against this risk. 
 61 

ARTICLE VIII CLAIMS PROCEDURES 
 Section 8.1 Claims for Benefits 
 If a Participant or Beneficiary or any other person (each, a claimant believes he or she is entitled to a benefit from the Plan or wishes to clarify his or her rights under the Plan, such claimant may file a written claim for benefits with the Administrative Committee. The Administrative Committee shall consider such written claim and respond to the claimant within ninety (90) days after receiving the claim unless special circumstances require an extension of time. The Administrative Committee may extend the response period by up to ninety (90) additional days by notifying the claimant in writing, prior to the end of the initial ninety (90)-day period, that additional time is required. The notice of extension must set forth the special circumstances and the date by which the Administrative Committee expects to render its decision. If the Administrative Committee denies the claim, in whole or in part, the Administrative Committee shall provide the claimant with written notice of the denial and of the claimant s right to an appeal. The notice shall set forth, in a manner calculated to be understood by the claimant 
 The specific reason or reasons for the denial 
 A reference to the specific Plan provisions on which the denial is based 
 A description of additional material or information, if any, which the claimant might provide to perfect the claim and an explanation of why it is needed 
 An explanation of the Plan s appeal procedure in Section 8.2 and the time limits applicable to an appeal and 
 A statement of the claimant s right to bring a civil action under Section 502(a) of ERISA following an adverse benefit determination on appeal. 
 Section 8.2 Appeal 
 Within ninety (90) days after receiving notice that a claim has been denied, the claimant may file a written appeal with the PIC. The claimant may provide written testimony and written documentation in support of the claimant s appeal. Upon written request from the claimant, the PIC shall provide free of charge to such claimant reasonable access to and copies of all documents, records, and other information relevant (as defined in applicable ERISA regulations) to the particular claim. The PIC shall undertake a full and fair review of the appeal, taking into account all testimony, documents, records, and other information submitted by the claimant, without regard to whether such information was submitted or considered in the initial benefit determination. The PIC may hold a hearing and may require the claimant to provide additional information or testimony as the PIC, in its sole discretion, deems useful or appropriate to its consideration of the claim. The PIC shall render its final decision within sixty (60) days of receipt of the appeal unless special circumstances require an extension of time. The PIC may 
 62 

extend the appeal period by up to sixty (60) additional days by notifying the claimant in writing, prior to the end of the initial sixty (60)-day period, that additional time is required. The notice of extension must set forth the special circumstances and the date by which the PIC expects to render its final decision. If the PIC s final decision is a denial of the claim, the PIC shall provide written notice of the denial, which notice shall set forth, in a manner calculated to be understood by the claimant 
 The specific reason or reasons for the denial 
 A reference to the specific Plan provisions on which the denial is based 
 A statement that the claimant is entitled to receive, upon written request and free of charge, reasonable access to and copies of all documents, records and other information relevant (as defined in applicable ERISA regulations) to the claimant s claim and 
 A statement of the claimant s right to bring a civil action under Section 502(a) of ERISA. 
 Section 8.3 Other Remedies 
 If the Administrative Committee or PIC fails to respond to a claimant within the time limits set forth in this Article VIII , the claimant may consider the claim denied. A claimant must comply with these procedures and exhaust all possibilities contained herein before filing a civil action under Section 502(a) of ERISA or otherwise seeking relief in any other forum. If a claimant seeks relief in another forum, the evidence presented will be strictly limited to the evidence timely presented in the administrative claims process. In addition, the claimant must commence an action in another forum within one hundred and eighty (180) days after the PIC s final decision on appeal under Section 8.2. 
 63 

ARTICLE IX AMENDMENT, TERMINATION, AND MERGER 
 Section 9.1 Amendment 
 (a) General Rule. 
 The Company reserves the right to amend the Plan in whole or in part at any time and for any reason and to give such amendment retroactive effect to the extent permitted by applicable law. The PIC may approve any amendment to the Plan necessary to comply with the Code or ERISA or that does not have a substantial impact on the cost or design of the Plan. All other amendments must be approved by the Board of Directors of the Company or a committee of the Board or one or more officers of the Company or a Participating Employer to whom the Board has delegated amendment authority. 
 (b) Nondiscrimination. 
 The timing of an amendment must not have the effect of discriminating significantly in favor of HCEs. 
 (c) Anti-cutback Rule. 
 No amendment may reduce the accrued benefit of any Participant, except to the extent permitted under Sections 1.411(d)-3 and 1.411(d)-4 of the Treasury Regulations. 
 (d) Vesting Schedule. 
 If an amendment is made to the vesting schedule, every Participant who is actively employed and who has at least three (3) Years of Vesting Service must be permitted to elect, within a reasonable period of time after the adoption of the amendment, to have his or her vesting percentage determined under the Plan without regard to the amendment. 
 Section 9.2 Termination or Discontinuance 
 The Company reserves the right to terminate the Plan at any time and for any reason, and each Participating Employer reserves the right to terminate its own participation in the Plan or discontinue contributions to the Plan at any time and for any reason. If the Plan is terminated (in full or in part) or if there is a complete discontinuance of contributions under the Plan, the rights of affected Participants (i.e. current employees and terminated employees who have not forfeited the non-vested portion of their Account as of the date of termination) to benefits accrued to the date of such termination or complete discontinuance, to the extent funded as of such date, shall be fully vested and nonforfeitable. 
 Section 9.3 Merger or Spinoff 
 The Plan may be merged or consolidated with or its assets and liabilities may be transferred to another qualified plan and trust only if the benefits that would be received by a Participant in the 
 64 

event of a termination of the transferee plan immediately after such transfer, merger, or consolidation are at least equal to the benefits the Participant would have received if the Plan had terminated immediately before the transfer, merger, or consolidation, and only if such transfer, merger, or consolidation does not otherwise result in the elimination of any accrued benefit. The Plan may be split into two or more plans by way of a spinoff if, after the spinoff (a) the sum of the account balances for each of the participants in the resulting plans equals the Account balance of the Participant in this Plan before the spinoff, and (b) the assets in each of the plans immediately after the spinoff equals the sum of the account balances for all participants in that plan. 
 65 

ARTICLE X MISCELLANEOUS 
 Section 10.1 No Right to Employment 
 Nothing contained in the Plan gives any Participant or Employee the right to be retained in the service of a Participating Employer or interferes with the right of a Participating Employer to discharge any Employee at any time. 
 Section 10.2 Inalienability 
 No Participant, Beneficiary, alternate payee, or any other person having or claiming to have any right or interest of any kind in the Plan shall have any right to sell, assign, transfer, convey, hypothecate, anticipate, or otherwise dispose of such interest. No interest in the Plan shall be subject to any liabilities or obligations of any Participant or Beneficiary or to any bankruptcy proceedings, claims of creditors, attachment, garnishment, execution, levy, or other legal or equitable process against a Participant, Beneficiary, alternate payee, or any other person having or claiming to have any interest under this Plan, or such person s property. The prior sentence shall not apply to the creation, assignment, or recognition of any benefit payable with respect to a Participant pursuant to a qualified domestic relations order, or to the enforcement of a judgment, settlement, or order described in Section 401(a)(13)(C) of Code, or to any other exception provided under Section 401(a)(13) of the Code or the Treasury Regulations thereunder. 
 Section 10.3 Facility of Payment 
 If any Participant, Beneficiary, or Alternate Payee eligible to receive payments under the Plan is, in the opinion of the Administrative Committee, legally, physically, or mentally incapable of personally receiving and receipting for any payment under the Plan, the Administrative Committee may direct that such payments, or any portion thereof, be made to any person(s) or institution who have custody of such payee, or are providing necessities of life (including, without limitation, food, shelter, clothing, and medical or custodial care) to such payee, to the extent deemed appropriate by the Administrative Committee. Such payments shall constitute a full discharge of the liability of the Plan to the extent thereof. The Administrative Committee may withhold all other amounts due to such payee until a claim for such amounts is duly made by a duly appointed guardian or other legal representative of such payee. 
 Section 10.4 Construction of Plan 
 (a) Headings. 
 The headings of Articles and Sections are included herein solely for the convenience of reference, and if there is any conflict between such headings and the text of this Plan, the text shall control. 
 66 

(b) Controlling Law. 
 To the extent not preempted by ERISA or other federal law, the Plan shall be governed and construed according to the laws of the State of Hawaii. 
 Section 10.5 Benefits Payable From Trust 
 All benefits payable under the Plan shall be paid solely from the trust, and the Participating Employers assume no liability or responsibility therefore. 
 67 

ARTICLE XI TOP-HEAVY RULES 
 Section 11.1 Determination of Top-Heavy Status 
 For purposes of this Article XI, the following terms shall have the meanings set forth below 
 (a) Key Employee . 
 In determining whether the Plan is top-heavy, Key Employee means any Employee or former Employee (including any deceased Employee) who at any time during the Plan Year that includes the Determination Date was 
 (i) An officer of a Participating Employer having annual 415 Compensation greater than 200,000 (as adjusted after 2022 under Section 416(i)(1) of the Code) provided however, no more than the lesser of (A) fifty (50) Employees or (B) the greater of three Employees or ten percent (10 of all Employees shall be regarded as officers, 
 (ii) A five percent (5 owner of the Company, or 
 (iii) A one percent (1 owner of the Company having annual 415 Compensation of more than 150,000. 
 The determination of who is a Key Employee shall be made in accordance with Section 416(i)(1) of the Code and the regulations and other guidance of general applicability issued thereunder. 
 A non-Key Employee is any Employee who is not a Key Employee. 
 (b) Top-heavy Plan 
 The Plan is top-heavy if any of the following conditions exists 
 (i) If the Top-Heavy Ratio for the Plan exceeds sixty percent (60 and the Plan is not part of any required aggregation group or permissive aggregation group of plans. 
 (ii) If the Plan is part of a required aggregation group of plans but not part of a permissive aggregation group and the Top-Heavy Ratio for the group of plans exceeds sixty percent (60 ). 
 (iii) If the Plan is part of a required aggregation group and part of a permissive aggregation group of plans and the Top-Heavy Ratio for the permissive aggregation group exceeds sixty percent (60 ). 
 68 

(c) Top-Heavy Ratio . 
 (i) If a Participating Employer maintains one or more defined contribution plans (including any simplified employee pension plan) and the Participating Employer has not maintained any defined benefit plan that during the five (5)-year period ending on the Determination Date has or had accrued benefits, the Top-Heavy Ratio for the Plan alone or for the required or permissive aggregation group as appropriate is a fraction, the numerator of which is the sum of the account balances of all Key Employees as of the Determination Date (including any part of any account balance distributed in the one (1)-year period ending on the Determination Date) (five (5)-year period ending on the Determination Date in the case of a distribution made for a reason other than severance from employment, death, or disability), and the denominator of which is the sum of all account balances (including any part of any account balance distributed in the 1-year period ending on the Determination Date) (five (5)-year period ending on the Determination Date in the case of a distribution made for a reason other than severance from employment, death, or disability), both computed in accordance with Section 416 of the Code and the regulations thereunder. Both the numerator and denominator of the Top-Heavy Ratio shall be increased to reflect any contribution not actually made as of the Determination Date but which is required to be taken into account on that date under Section 416 of the Code and the regulations thereunder. 
 (ii) If a Participating Employer maintains one or more defined contribution plans (including any simplified employee pension plan) and the Participating Employer maintains or has maintained one or more defined benefit plans that during the five (5)-year period ending on the Determination Date has or has had any accrued benefits, the Top-Heavy Ratio for any required or permissive aggregation group as appropriate is a fraction, the numerator of which is the sum of account balances under the aggregated defined contribution plan or plans for all Key Employees, determined in accordance with Section 11.1(c)(i) above, and the present value of accrued benefits under the aggregated defined benefit plan or plans for all Key Employees as of the Determination Date, and the denominator of which is the sum of account balances under the aggregated defined contribution plans for all Participants, determined in accordance with Section 11.1(c)(i) above, and the present value of accrued benefits under the defined benefit plans for all Participants as of the Determination Date, all as determined in accordance with Section 416 of the Code and the regulations thereunder. The accrued benefits under a defined benefit plan in both the numerator and denominator of the Top-Heavy Ratio are increased for any distribution of an. accrued benefit made in the one (1)-year period ending on the Determination Date (five (5)-year period ending on the Determination Date in the case of a distribution made for a reason other than severance from employment, death, or disability). 
 (iii) For purposes of subparagraphs (i) and (ii) above, the value of account balances and the present value of accrued benefits shall be determined as of the most 
 69 

recent Valuation Date that falls within or ends with the twelve (12)-month period ending on the Determination Date, except as provided in Section 416 of the Code and the regulations thereunder for the first and second plan years of a defined benefit plan. The account balances and accrued benefits of a Participant (i) who is not a Key Employee but who was a Key Employee in. a prior year or (ii) who has not been credited with at least one (1) Hour of Service with any employer maintaining the Plan at any time during the one (1)-year period ending on the Determination Date shall be disregarded. The calculation of the Top-Heavy Ratio, and the extent to which distributions, rollovers, and transfers are taken into account shall be made in accordance with Section 416 of the Code and the regulations thereunder. Deductible employee contributions shall not be taken into account for purposes of computing the Top-Heavy Ratio. When aggregating plans, the value of account balances and accrued benefits shall be calculated with reference to the Determination Dates that fall within the same calendar year. 
 (iv) The accrued benefit of a Participant other than a Key Employee shall be determined under (A) the method, if any, that uniformly applies for accrual purposes under all defined benefit plans maintained by the Participating Employer, or (B) if there is no such method, as if such benefit accrued not more rapidly than the slowest accrual rate permitted under the fractional rule of Section 411(b)(1)(C) of the Code. 
 (a) Permissive aggregation group means the required aggregation group of plans plus any other plan or plans of the Participating Employer that, when considered as a group with the required aggregation group, would continue to satisfy the requirements of Sections 401(a)(4) and 410 of the Code. 
 (b) Required aggregation group means (i) each qualified plan of the Participating Employer in which at least one Key Employee participates or participated at any time during the Plan Year containing the Determination Date or any of the four preceding Plan Years (regardless of whether the plan has terminated), and (ii) any other qualified plan of the Participating Employer that enables a plan described in (i) to meet the requirements of Sections 401(a)(4) or 410 of the Code. For this purpose, Participating Employer shall include all employers aggregated under Section 414(b), (c), or (m) with a Participating Employer. 
 (c) Determination Date . For any Plan Year subsequent to the first Plan Year, the Determination Date means the last day of the preceding Plan Year. For the first Plan Year, the Determination Date means the last day of that year. 
 
 (d) Valuation Date means the Determination Date as of which account balances or accrued benefits are valued for purposes of calculating the Top-Heavy Ratio. 
 
 Section 11.2 Special Top-Heavy Rules 
 
 (a) If the Plan is or becomes top-heavy in any Plan Year, the provisions of this Article XI shall supersede any conflicting provisions in the Plan. 
 70 

(i) Except as otherwise provided in subparagraph (iv) below, the Participating Employer contributions and forfeitures allocated on behalf of any Participant who is not a Key Employee shall be not be less than the lesser of (A) three percent (3 of such Participant s 415 Compensation or (B) in the case where the Participating Employer has no defined benefit plan that designates the Plan to satisfy Section 401 of the Code, the largest percentage of Participating Employer contributions and forfeitures, as a percentage of the first 305,000 (as adjusted after 2022 under Section 401(a)(17) of the Code) of the Key Employee s 415 Compensation, allocated on behalf of any Key Employee for that year. The minimum allocation shall be determined without regard to any Social Security contribution. This minimum allocation shall be made even though, under other Plan provisions, the Participant would not otherwise be entitled to receive an allocation, or would have received a lesser allocation because of the Participant s failure to (A) complete one thousand (1,000) Hours of Service (or any equivalent provided in the Plan), (B) make mandatory employee contributions to the Plan, or (C) earn compensation in excess of a stated amount. 
 (ii) If a Participant is covered by both this Plan and a defined benefit plan, the minimum benefit required by Section 416 of the Code shall be provided by the defined benefit plan, provided that such benefit shall be offset by the benefits, if any, provided by this Plan. 
 (iii) The minimum allocation required (to the extent required to be nonforfeitable under Section 416(b)) may not be forfeited under Section 411(a)(3)(B) or 411(a)(3)(D) of the Code. 
 
 (iv) The provision in (i) above shall not apply to any Participant who was not employed by a Participating Employer on the last day of the Plan. Year. 
 
 (b) The vesting schedule for Matching Contribution and Non-Elective Contribution Subaccounts meets the requirements for top-heavy vesting schedules in Section 416(b) of the Code, and shall apply in all years, whether or not the Plan is top-heavy. 
 (c) The minimum benefit requirements in this Section 11.2 shall not apply with respect to any Employee included in a unit of employees covered by a collective bargaining agreement if there is evidence the retirement benefits were the subject of good faith bargaining between Employee representatives and the Participating Employer. For this purpose, the term Employee representatives does not include any organization more than half of whose members are Employees who are owners, officers, or executives of the Participating Employer. 
 71 

ARTICLE XII DEFINITIONS 
 Wherever used in this document, the following capitalized terms have the indicated meanings unless the context clearly implies otherwise 
 Section 12.1 Account means the separate account maintained for each Participant which represents such Participant s total proportionate interest in the Plan and Trust Fund as of any valuation date. A Participant s Account may include one or more Subaccounts, as described in Section 4.2(a). A Participant s Account balance is the Participant s accrued benefit. 
 Section 12.2 Administrative Committee means the Hawaiian Electric Industries, Inc. Retirement Plans Administrative Committee appointed by the PIC to oversee the day-to-day administration of the Plan. See Section 7.1(b). 
 Section 12.3 Associated Company means (i) a corporation that is not a Participating Employer, but is a member of the same controlled group of corporations (within the meaning of Section 1563(a) of the Code, determined without regard to Sections 1563(a)(4) and (e)(3)(C) of the Code) as a Participating Employer, (ii) a trade or business, whether or not incorporated, that is not a Participating Employer, but is under common control (within the meaning of Section 414(c) of the Code) with a Participating Employer or (iii) a member, other than a Participating Employer, of an affiliated service group (within the meaning of Section 414(m) of the Code) that includes a Participating Employer. 
 Section 12.4 Beneficiary means the person or entity to whom all or a portion of a deceased Participant s Account is payable as a death benefit in accordance with Section 6.7 of the Plan. 
 Section 12.5 Catch-up Contribution means a pre-tax or Roth Salary Reduction Contribution made on behalf of a catch-up eligible Participant that is in excess of an otherwise applicable Plan limit. An otherwise applicable Plan limit is a limit in the Plan that applies to Salary Reduction Contributions without regard to Catch-up Contributions, such as the limit on annual additions in Section 415(e) of the Code, the dollar limitation under Section 402(g) of the Code, or the limit imposed by the actual deferral percentage test in Section 401(k)(3) of the Code. 
 Section 12.6 Code means the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended. 
 Section 12.7 Company means Hawaiian Electric Industries, Inc., or any successor thereto. 
 Section 12.8 Compensation has different meanings for different purposes. Compensation is used to calculate Salary Reduction Contributions, Non-Elective Contributions, and Matching Contributions. ADP Compensation and 415 Compensation are used for ADP testing and 415 testing, respectively, and other specific purposes under the Plan. 
 Compensation means the Employee s Box 1, W-2 earnings from the Employee s Participating Employer for the Plan Year, modified (i) to exclude discretionary bonuses, fringe benefits, FlexCredits, reimbursements, moving expenses and other expense allowances, and special executive compensation and (ii) to include elective contributions made by a Participating 
 72 

Employer to this Plan, a cafeteria plan (other than FlexCredits), or a transportation spending plan that are excluded from the taxable income of the Employee under Sections 402(e)(3), 125, or 132(f) of the Code. Special executive compensation is noncash compensation and nonqualified deferred compensation available only to a select group of management Employees. Compensation earned prior to an Eligible Employee becoming a Participant shall not be counted in determining contributions to the Plan. 
 ADP Compensation means the Employee s Box 1, W-2 earnings for the Plan Year, without modification. 
 415 Compensation means the Employee s Box 1, W-2 earnings for the Plan Year, modified to include elective contributions made by a Participating Employer to this Plan, a cafeteria plan, or a transportation spending plan that are excluded from the taxable income of the Employee under Sections 402(e)(3), 125, or 132(f) of the Code. 
 Compensation, ADP Compensation, and 415 Compensation generally do not include amounts paid after severance from employment. However, Compensation, ADP Compensation, and 415 Compensation shall include amounts paid by the later of two and a half (2 1 2) months after the Participant s severance from employment or the end of the calendar year that includes the date of the Participant s severance from employment, if the amounts would have been included in the applicable definition of compensation if paid prior to severance from employment and if 
 (a) The payment is regular compensation for services during the Participant s regular working hours, or compensation for services outside the Participant s regular working hours (such as overtime or shift differential), commissions, bonuses, or similar payments, and, absent the severance from employment, the payments would have been paid to the Participant while the Participant continued in employment with the Participating Employer or 
 (b) The payment is for unused accrued bona fide sick, vacation, or other leave that the Participant would have been able to use if employment had continued. 
 415 Compensation shall also include amounts paid by the later of two and a half (2 1 2) months after the Participant s severance from employment or the end of the calendar year that includes the date of the Participant s severance from employment, if the payment is received by the Participant pursuant to an unfunded, nonqualified deferred compensation plan and would have been paid at the same time if employment continued, but only to the extent includible in gross income. 
 Back pay, within the meaning of Section 1.415(c)-2(g)(8) of the Treasury Regulations, shall be treated as 415 Compensation for the limitation year (calendar year) to which the back pay relates to the extent the back pay represents wages and compensation that would otherwise be included as 415 Compensation under this definition. 
 Compensation, ADP Compensation, and 415 Compensation shall be limited to 305,000 annually, as automatically adjusted after 2022 for increases in the cost of living in accordance with Sections 401(a)(17)(B) and 415(d) of the Code. 
 73 

For purposes of this Section 12.8, elective contributions under Section 125 of the Code shall include any amount that is not available to an Employee in cash in lieu of group health coverage under a Section 125 arrangement because the Employee is not able to certify in accordance with the Hawaii Prepaid Healthcare Act that he or she has other health coverage. An amount shall be treated as an elective contribution under the foregoing sentence only if the Participating Employer does not request or collect information regarding the Employee s other health coverage as part of the enrollment process for the health plan except as necessary to comply with the Hawaii Prepaid Healthcare Act. 
 A Participant receiving a differential wage payment (as defined in Section 3401(h)(2) of the Code) shall be treated as an Employee of the Participating Employer making the payment, and the payment will be treated as wages for purposes of Section 3401 of the Code. Furthermore, the differential wage payment shall be treated as ADP Compensation and 415 Compensation for purposes of the Plan. For purposes of this paragraph, differential wage payment is defined by reference to Section 3401(h)(2) of the Code and generally means a payment made by a Participating Employer to a Participant who is on active military duty for a period of more than thirty (30) days, which represents all or a portion of the wages the Participant would have received from the Participant s Participating Employer if the Participant were performing services for the Participating Employer. 
 Section 12.9 Compensation Committee means the Compensation Committee of the Board of Directors of the Company. 
 Section 12.10 Disability means a disability as defined in the then existing long-term disability plan maintained by the Participant s Participating Employer, regardless of whether the Participant is covered under that plan. 
 Section 12.11 Early Retirement Age means age fifty-five (55). 
 Section 12.12 Eligible Employee means any Employee, other than a Leased Employee or an Employee employed on a contract basis . An Employee is employed on a contract basis if the Employee is hired under written contract for a specific task or assignment. 
 Section 12.13 Employee means a common law employee of a Participating Employer who is treated as such on the payroll records of a Participating Employer. Employee includes Leased Employees, except that a Leased Employee shall not be treated as an Employee if (1) the leasing organization covers the Leased Employee under a money purchase pension plan that provides a nonintegrated employer contribution of at least ten percent (10 of compensation, full and immediate vesting, and immediate participation for all employees it leases, and (2) Leased Employees do not constitute more than twenty percent (20 of the Participating Employer s workforce. 
 A person who performs services for a Participating Employer as an independent contractor is not an Employee and is not eligible to participate in the Plan. An independent contractor is a person who performs services as an independent businessperson, as determined in accordance with the Code and ERISA. A person shall not be treated as an Employee for purposes of the Plan during any period in which such person is classified as an independent contractor by a Participating 
 74 

Employer, even if the person is later determined to have been a common-law employee during such period. 
 Section 12.14 ERISA means the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended. 
 Section 12.15 HEI Retirement Plan means the Retirement Plan for Employees of Hawaiian Electric Industries, Inc. and Participating Subsidiaries, as amended. 
 Section 12.16 Highly Compensated Employee or HCE means 
 (a) Any Employee who, during the Plan Year being tested or the immediately preceding year, owns or owned, directly or by attribution, more than five percent (5 of the outstanding stock of the Company or more than five percent (5 of the voting control of the Company or 
 (b) Any Employee who for the preceding year had 415 Compensation from a Participating Employer in excess of 135,000, as adjusted after 2022 for increases in the cost of living in accordance with Section 415(d) of the Code. 
 A non-Highly Compensated Employee or NHCE is any Employee who is not an HCE for the year. 
 Section 12.17 Hour of Service means the following hours as determined from the payroll or other reliable records of a Participating Employer 
 (a) Each hour during the Plan Year for which an Employee is paid or entitled to payment by a Participating Employer for the performance of duties. These hours are credited to the Plan Year in which they are performed. 
 (b) Each hour for which an Employee is paid or entitled to payment by a Participating Employer for periods during which the Employee performs no duties because of vacation, holiday, illness, incapacity (including short-term disability), layoff, jury duty, military duty, or other approved leave of absence, except that Hours of Service shall not be counted where such payment is made or is due under a plan maintained solely for the purpose of complying with applicable worker s compensation, unemployment, or disability insurance laws, or solely to reimburse an Employee for medical or medically related expenses. To which Plan Year these hours are credited depends on the calculation of the payment. If the payment is calculated based on units of time, such as payment for two weeks vacation, the hours shall be credited to the Plan Year during which the time occurred (the Employee took the vacation). If the payment is based on an event rather than a period of time, such as a single sum payment made because of layoff or disability, the hours shall be credited to the first Plan Year or allocated reasonably and consistently between the first Plan Year and the second Plan. Year during which the event took place. 
 (c) Each hour for which back pay, irrespective of mitigation of damages, is either awarded or agreed to by a Participating Employer. The same Hours of Service shall not be credited both under subparagraph (a) or (b), as the case may be, and this subparagraph (c). These hours will 
 75 

be credited to the Plan Year to which the award or agreement pertains and not to the Plan Year in which the award, agreement, or payment is made. 
 (d) The Hour of Service rules stated in Department of Labor Regulations 2530.200b-2 are incorporated herein by reference, and any questions on the crediting of Hours of Service shall be resolved by reference to such regulations. 
 Section 12.18 Investment Committee means the Hawaiian Electric Industries, Inc. Retirement Plans Investment Committee appointed by the PIC to oversee the day-to-day financial affairs of the Plan. See Section 7.1(c). 
 Section 12.19 Leased Employee means a person who is not a common law employee of a Participating Employer or an Associated Company but who performs services for such under an agreement with a third party that treats the person as the third party s employee for payroll and withholding purposes, if (1) such person has performed the services for a Participating Employer or an Associated Company on a substantially full-time basis for a period of one (1) year, and (2) a Participating Employer or an Associated Company exercises primary direction or control over the performance of services by the person. 
 Section 12.20 Matching Contributions means the matching contributions made by the Participating Employers pursuant to Section 2.4. 
 Section 12.21 Non-Elective Contributions means the Non-Elective Contributions made by the Participating Employers pursuant to Section 2.5. 
 Section 12.22 Normal Retirement Age means age sixty-five (65). 
 Section 12.23 One (1)-Year Break in Service means severance from the employment of the Participating Employers and Associated Companies for a twelve (12)-consecutive month period. 
 Section 12.24 Participant means any Eligible Employee who has met the requirements for participation, as applicable, in Article I. 
 Section 12.25 Participating Employer means the Company and any entity affiliated with the Company whose participation in the Plan has been approved by the Company and by such entity s board of directors. As of January 1, 2022, the Participating Employers are Hawaiian Electric Industries, Inc. Hawaiian Electric Company, Inc. Maui Electric Company, Limited Hawaii Electric Light Company, Inc. and Pacific Current, LLC. 
 Section 12.26 PIC means the Hawaiian Electric Industries, Inc. Pension Investment Committee. 
 Section 12.27 Plan means the Hawaiian Electric Industries Retirement Savings Plan, as described in this instrument, including all amendments hereto. 
 Section 12.28 Plan Year means the calendar year. 
 76 

Section 12.29 Qualified Military Service means any service in the Armed Forces (Army, Air Force, Navy, Marine Corps, or Coast Guard), the Army National Guard and the Air National Guard when engaged in active duty for training, inactive duty training, or full-time National Guard duty, the commissioned corps of the Public Health Service, and any other category of persons designated by the President in time of war or national emergency. 
 Section 12.30 Qualified Roth Distribution means a distribution from a Roth Subaccount that is made after the Participant attains age fifty-nine and a half (59 1 2) (or because of the death or Disability of the Participant) and after the five (5)-taxable-year period (i.e., five (5) consecutive calendar years) beginning January 1st of the first (1st) year in which the Participant made a designated Roth Salary Reduction Contribution or a Roth in-Plan conversion. 
 Section 12.31 Regular Salary Reduction Contribution include both pre-tax and Roth Salary Reduction Contributions 
 Section 12.32 Retire or Retirement refers to a Participant s termination of employment after reaching Early Retirement Age. 
 Section 12.33 Rollover Contributions means contributions made by Eligible Employees pursuant to Section 2.7. 
 Section 12.34 Salary Reduction Contributions means a Participant s affirmative elective contributions and default elective contributions described in Sections 2.1, 2.2 and 2.3. 
 Section 12.35 Trust Agreement means the agreement between the Company and the Trustee establishing a trust for the custody and investment of Plan assets. 
 Section 12.36 Trust Fund means all cash and property held by the Trustee pursuant to the Trust Agreement. 
 Section 12.37 Trustee means Fidelity Management Trust Company, a Massachusetts trust company, or any successor appointed by the Company or the PIC. 
 Section 12.38 Year of Vesting Service is determined under Article V. 
 77 

ARTICLE XIII EXECUTION 
 
 This restatement is executed effective October 6, 2022. 
 
 HAWAIIAN ELECTRIC INDUSTRIES, 
 
 By s Kurt K. Murao 
 Kurt K. Murao 
 Executive Vice President, General Counsel, Chief Administrative Officer and Corporate Secretary 
 
 78 

</EX-4.3>

<EX-4.4(N)>
 3
 heiexhibit44n.htm
 EX-4.4(N)

Document 
 HEI Exhibit 4.4(n) 

 SIXTH AMENDMENT TO MASTER TRUST AGREEMENT AMONG 
 HAWAIIAN ELECTRIC INDUSTRIES, INC., 
 AMERICAN SAVINGS BANK, F.S.B. AND 
 FIDELITY MANAGEMENT TRUST COMPANY 

THIS SIXTH AMENDMENT TO THE MASTER TRUST AGREEMENT is made and entered into effective January 1, 2023, unless otherwise stated herein, by and among Hawaiian Electric Industries, Inc. and American Savings Bank, F.S.B. (collectively and individually, the Sponsor and Fidelity Management Trust Company (the Trustee 
 
 WITNESSETH 
 
 WHEREAS , the Trustee and the Sponsor heretofore entered into a master trust agreement for the Hawaiian Electric Industries Retirement Savings Plan and the American Savings Bank 401(k) Plan (collectively and individually, the Plan ), dated as of September 4, 2012, and amended by a First Amendment, effective March 1, 2015, by a Second Amendment, effective January 1, 2018, by a Third Amendment, effective July 1, 2018, by a Fourth Amendment, effective June 26, 2019, by a Fifth Amendment, effective March 1, 2020, and further amended by letters of direction that were executed by the Sponsor and the Trustee and that specifically state that both parties intend and agree that each such letter of direction shall constitute an amendment (the Master Trust Agreement and 
 
 WHEREAS , the Trustee and the Sponsor now desire to amend said Master Trust Agreement as provided for in Section 13 thereof 
 
 NOW THEREFORE , in consideration of the above premises, the Trustee and the Sponsor hereby amend the Master Trust Agreement by 
 
 (1) Amending Schedule B, Fee Schedule , to restate the Annual Administration Fee for Core Services section in its entirety, as follows 
 
 Core Fees Fixed Basis Points Fee 
 Annual Administration Fee for Core Services 
 3.3 basis points on total Plan assets determined based upon average quarterly assets, multiplied by one-quarter (1 4), billed and payable quarterly, subject to the offsets listed below. 

Hawaiian Electric Industries, Inc. and Confidential Information 
 American Savings Bank, F.S.B. - Large 
 Sixth Amendment Master Trust 
 Plan #56566 & 75615 

(2) Amending Schedule B, Fee Schedule , to restate the Real Time Sponsor Stock Trading 
 Administration section in its entirety, as follows 
 
 Real Time Sponsor Stock Trading Administration 
 Fee Real Time Sponsor Stock Trading Administration 
 Annual fee is waived Sponsor Stock Dividend Pass Through 3 per EFT 
 6 per Check 
 Reinvest is Included 
 Full Proxy Services Administration, Mailing, and Tabulation Pass Through at Cost Full File on Shareholders for External Proxy Services Included 
 
 IN WITNESS WHEREOF , the Trustee and the Sponsor have caused this Sixth Amendment to be executed by their duly authorized officers effective as of the day and year first above written. By signing below, the undersigned represent that they are authorized to execute this document on behalf of the respective parties. Notwithstanding any contradictory provision of the Master Trust Agreement, each party may rely without duty of inquiry on the foregoing representation. The Sponsor acknowledges that this Sixth Amendment may contain service and or compensation information intended by the Trustee to satisfy the disclosure requirements of Department of Labor regulation section 2550.408b-2(c)(1). 
 
 HAWAIIAN ELECTRIC INDUSTRIES, INC. FIDELITY MANAGEMENT TRUST 
 AND AMERICAN SAVINGS BANK, F.S.B. COMPANY 
 
 BY HAWAIIAN ELECTRIC INDUSTRIES, 
 INC. PENSION INVESTMENT COMMITTEE 

By s Kurt K. Murao _____________ 11 22 2022 By s Jayant Kacholiya ____________ 11 29 2022 
 Authorized Signatory Date Authorized Signatory Date 
 Name Kurt K. Murao _____________________ 
 
 Title HEI EVP & General Counsel and PIC Secretary 

By s Paul K. Ito ________________ 11 29 2022 
 Authorized Signatory Date 
 
 Name Paul K. Ito ________________________ 
 
 Title VP Tax, Controller & Asst. Treasurer __ 
 2 
 Hawaiian Electric Industries, Inc. and Confidential Information 
 American Savings Bank, F.S.B. - Large 
 Sixth Amendment Qual Trust 
 Plan #56566 & 75615 

</EX-4.4(N)>

<EX-4.6(D)>
 4
 heiexhibit46d.htm
 EX-4.6(D)

Document 
 HEI Exhibit 4.6(d) 

 AMENDMENT 2021-1 TO THE AMERICAN SAVINGS BANK 401(k) PLAN 
 The following amendments to the American Savings Bank 401(k) Plan (the Plan or ASB 401(k) Plan are made to comply with final Treasury Regulations relating to hardship distributions (84 FR 49651 (Sept. 23, 2019)) and the Internal Revenue Service s 2019 Required Amendments List for Qualified Retirement Plans. 
 Effective for hardship distributions made on or after January 1, 2020, Section 6.8(c) is amended and restated in its entirety to read as follows 
 (c) Hardship Withdrawals 
 (i) Available Sources . Hardship withdrawals are available from all Subaccounts. 
 (ii) Procedures . To qualify for a hardship withdrawal, a Participant must demonstrate (in accordance with procedures approved by the Administrative Committee) that the Participant has an immediate and heavy financial need and that the distribution is necessary to satisfy the immediate and heavy financial need. 
 (iii) Immediate and Heavy Financial Need . A Participant shall be deemed to have an immediate and heavy financial need in connection with 
 (A) Burial or funeral expenses for the Participant's deceased parent, spouse, child, dependent (as defined in Section 152 of the Code without regard to subsection 152(d)(1)(B)), or for a deceased primary Beneficiary under the Plan. 
 (B) Expenses for (or necessary to obtain) medical care that would be deductible under Section 213(d) of the Code, determined without regard to the limitations in Section 213(a) of the Code (relating to the applicable percentage of adjusted gross income and the recipients of the medical care) provided that, if the recipient of the medical care is not listed in Section 213(a) of the Code, the recipient is a primary Beneficiary under the Plan. 
 (C) Costs directly related to the purchase of the Participant s principal residence (excluding mortgage payments). 
 (D) Payment of tuition, related educational fees, and room and board expenses for up to the next 12 months of post-secondary education for the Participant or the Participant s spouse, child, dependent (as defined in Code Section 152 without regard to Section 152(b)(1), (b)(2), and (d)(1)(B)), or for a primary Beneficiary under the Plan. 
 (E) Payments necessary to prevent the eviction of the Participant from the Participant s principal residence or foreclosure on the mortgage of the Participant s principal residence. 

(F) Expenses for the repair of damage to the Participant s principal residence that would qualify for the casualty deduction under Section 165 of the Code (determined without regard to Section 165(h)(5) and whether the loss exceeds 10 of adjusted gross income). 
 (G) Expenses and losses (including loss of income) incurred by the Participant on account of a disaster declared by the Federal Emergency Management Agency FEMA under the Robert T. Stafford Disaster Relief and Emergency Assistance Act, Public Law 100-707, provided that the Participant s principal residence or principal place of employment at the time of the disaster was located in an area designated by FEMA for individual assistance with respect to the disaster. 
 A primary Beneficiary under the Plan is an individual who is named as a Beneficiary under the Plan and has an unconditional right, upon the death of the Participant, to all or a portion of the Participant s Account balance under the Plan. 
 (iv) Withdrawal May Not Exceed Amount of Need . The amount of any hardship withdrawal may not exceed the amount necessary to relieve the immediate and heavy financial need. The withdrawal may include the amount necessary to pay any federal, state, or local taxes or penalties reasonably anticipated to result from the withdrawal. 
 (v) No Alternative Means Reasonably Available . A distribution shall not be treated as necessary to satisfy an immediate and heavy financial need of a Participant unless each of the following requirements is satisfied. 
 (A) The Participant has obtained all other currently available distributions (including distributions of ESOP dividends under section 404(k) of the Code, but not hardship distributions) under the Plan and all other plans of deferred compensation, whether qualified or nonqualified, maintained by a Participating Employer 
 (B) The Participant has provided to the Plan Administrator a representation in writing (including by using an electronic medium as defined in Treasury Regulation 1.401(a)-21(e)(3)), or in such other form as may be prescribed by the Commissioner of Internal Revenue, that he or she has insufficient cash or other liquid assets reasonably available to satisfy the need and 
 (C) The Plan Administrator does not have actual knowledge that is contrary to the Participant s representation. 
 2 

TO RECORD the adoption of this Amendment 2021-1, American Savings Bank, F.S.B. has executed this document October 4, 2021 . 
 AMERICAN SAVINGS BANK, F.S.B. 

By s K. Elizabeth Whitehead 
 Its EVP, Chief Administrative Officer 
 3 

</EX-4.6(D)>

<EX-4.6(E)>
 5
 heiexhibit46e.htm
 EX-4.6(E)

Document 
 HEI Exhibit 4.6(e) 

 AMENDMENT 2022-1 TO THE AMERICAN SAVINGS BANK 401(k) PLAN 
 On October 4, 2021, the American Savings Bank 401(k) Plan (the Plan was amended, pursuant to Plan Amendment 2021-1, to comply with the final Treasury Regulations relating to hardship distributions (84 FR 49651 (Sept. 23, 2019)) (the Final Hardship Regs. and the Internal Revenue Service s 2019 Required Amendments List for Qualified Retirement Plans. That amendment, while fully compliant in substance with the legal requirements of the Final Hardship Regs., erroneously and inadvertently stated an effective date of January 1, 2020, when in fact the Bank timely implemented those regulations effective January 1, 2019. 
 Pursuant to authority under Section 4.05(2) of IRS Revenue Procedure 2021-30, Plan Amendment 2021-1 is corrected by this Amendment 2022-1 to state an effective date of January 1, 2019, for the Plan s implementation of the Final Hardship Regs. For purposes of clarity and ease of Plan document review, the substance of the Plan s prior amendment for the Final Hardship Regs. is restated below, effective January 1, 2019. 
 Effective for hardship distributions made on or after January 1, 2019, Section 6.8(c) of the Plan is amended and restated in its entirety to read as follows 
 (c) Hardship Withdrawals 
 (i) Available Sources . Hardship withdrawals are available from all Subaccounts. 
 (ii) Procedures . To qualify for a hardship withdrawal, a Participant must demonstrate (in accordance with procedures approved by the Administrative Committee) that the Participant has an immediate and heavy financial need and that the distribution is necessary to satisfy the immediate and heavy financial need. 
 (iii) Immediate and Heavy Financial Need . A Participant shall be deemed to have an immediate and heavy financial need in connection with 
 (A) Burial or funeral expenses for the Participant's deceased parent, spouse, child, dependent (as defined in Section 152 of the Code without regard to subsection 152(d)(1)(B)), or for a deceased primary Beneficiary under the Plan. 
 (B) Expenses for (or necessary to obtain) medical care that would be deductible under Section 213(d) of the Code, determined without regard to the limitations in Section 213(a) of the Code (relating to the applicable percentage of adjusted gross income and the recipients of the medical care) provided that, if the recipient of the medical care is not listed in Section 213(a) of the Code, the recipient is a primary Beneficiary under the Plan. 
 (C) Costs directly related to the purchase of the Participant s principal residence (excluding mortgage payments). 
 7016278.1 

(D) Payment of tuition, related educational fees, and room and board expenses for up to the next 12 months of post-secondary education for the Participant or the Participant s spouse, child, dependent (as defined in Code Section 152 without regard to Section 152(b)(1), (b)(2), and (d)(1)(B)), or for a primary Beneficiary under the Plan. 
 (E) Payments necessary to prevent the eviction of the Participant from the Participant s principal residence or foreclosure on the mortgage of the Participant s principal residence. 
 (F) Expenses for the repair of damage to the Participant s principal residence that would qualify for the casualty deduction under Section 165 of the Code (determined without regard to Section 165(h)(5) and whether the loss exceeds 10 of adjusted gross income). 
 (G) Expenses and losses (including loss of income) incurred by the Participant on account of a disaster declared by the Federal Emergency Management Agency FEMA under the Robert T. Stafford Disaster Relief and Emergency Assistance Act, Public Law 100-707, provided that the Participant s principal residence or principal place of employment at the time of the disaster was located in an area designated by FEMA for individual assistance with respect to the disaster. 
 A primary Beneficiary under the Plan is an individual who is named as a Beneficiary under the Plan and has an unconditional right, upon the death of the Participant, to all or a portion of the Participant s Account balance under the Plan. 
 (iv) Withdrawal May Not Exceed Amount of Need . The amount of any hardship withdrawal may not exceed the amount necessary to relieve the immediate and heavy financial need. The withdrawal may include the amount necessary to pay any federal, state, or local taxes or penalties reasonably anticipated to result from the withdrawal. 
 (v) No Alternative Means Reasonably Available . A distribution shall not be treated as necessary to satisfy an immediate and heavy financial need of a Participant unless each of the following requirements is satisfied. 
 (A) The Participant has obtained all other currently available distributions (including distributions of ESOP dividends under Section 404(k) of the Code, but not hardship distributions) under the Plan and all other plans of deferred compensation, whether qualified or nonqualified, maintained by a Participating Employer 
 (B) The Participant has provided to the Plan Administrator a representation in writing (including by using an electronic medium as defined in Treasury Regulations Section 1.401(a)-21(e)(3)), or in such other form as may be prescribed by the Commissioner of Internal Revenue, that he or she has insufficient cash or other liquid assets reasonably available to satisfy the need and 
 2 
 7016278.1 

(C) The Plan Administrator does not have actual knowledge that is contrary to the Participant s representation. 
 TO RECORD the adoption of this Amendment 2022-2, American Savings Bank, F.S.B. has executed this document on June 8, 2022 . 
 AMERICAN SAVINGS BANK, F.S.B. 
 
 By s Ann K. Teranishi 
 Its President & Chief Executive Officer 
 
 3 
 7016278.1 

</EX-4.6(E)>

<EX-4.6(F)>
 6
 heiexhibit46f.htm
 EX-4.6(F)

Document 
 
 HEI Exhibit 4.6(f) 

 AMENDMENT 2022-2 TO THE 
 AMERICAN SAVINGS BANK 401(k) PLAN 
 
 The following amendments to the American Savings Bank 40l(k) Plan (the Plan or ASB 40l(k) Plan are made, effective on and after January 1, 2023, to (i) increase AmeriMatch Contributions from 4 to 5 , and to (ii) eliminate the one-year Company Contribution Eligibility Service requirement for eligibility to receive AmeriMatch Contributions. To that end, the Plan is amended as follows 

1. Effective on and after January 1, 2023, with respect to Eligibility to Participate in AmeriMatch Contributions, Section 1.1(b) of the Plan is amended to state in its entirety as follows 
 (b) AmeriMatch Contributions . The Participating Employers shall make AmeriMatch Contributions for their Eligible Employees as of the first paycheck following their date of hire. 
 
 2. Effective on and after January 1, 2023, with respect to the amount, timing and deposit of AmeriMatch Contributions, Section 2.2 of the Plan is amended in its entirety to state as follows 
 Section 2.2 AmeriMatch Contributions 
 (a) Amount . Each Participating Employer shall match the 401(k) Contributions of its Participants on a dollar-for-dollar basis on the first 5 of Compensation deferred by the Participant for the Plan Year. 
 (b) Matching by Payroll Periods . AmeriMatch Contributions shall be calculated separately with respect to each payroll period, and the Bank shall true-up the match throughout the Plan Year. On an aggregate basis, the Participating Employers shall contribute the lesser of (i) 5 of the Compensation paid to the Participant by the Participating Employer year-to-date, or (ii) 100 of the Participant s 401(k) Contributions year-to-date, up to a maximum of 5 of the limit on Compensation in effect for the Plan Year under Section 401(a)(17) of the Code. 
 Example Participant A earns 15,000 per payroll period and has an election in place during the first payroll period in 2023 to contribute 20 of Compensation as a 401(k) Contribution. For the first 7 payroll periods in 2023, the Bank contributes to the Plan on behalf of Participant A 3,000 (20 x 15,000 3,000) as a 401(k) Contribution and matches the contribution with an AmeriMatch Contribution of 750 (5 x 15,000 750). During the 8 th payroll period, Participant A reaches the 402(g) limit for 2023 when the Bank contributes 1,500 as a 401(k) Contribution. However, assuming Participant A continues to receive 15,000 per payroll period, the Bank will continue to contribute 750 as an AmeriMatch 
 1 

Contribution for the 8 th payroll period and continuing payroll periods until Participant A reaches the maximum match for 2023 of 16,500 (5 x 330,000 16,500). 
 
 (c) Deposit of AmeriMatch Contributions . The Participating Employers expect to deposit the AmeriMatch Contributions with the Trustee at or about the same time they deposit the 401(k) Contributions to which the AmeriMatch Contributions relate. In any event, the Participating Employers will pay the AmeriMatch Contributions to the Trustee no later than the due date, including extensions thereof, for filing the Participating Employers tax return for the taxable year with respect to which the AmeriMatch Contributions are made. 
 This document is executed on December 5 , 2022 
 
 American Savings Bank, F.S.B. 
 
 By s K. Elizabeth Whitehead 
 Its Chief Administrative Officer 
 2 

</EX-4.6(F)>

<EX-4.6(G)>
 7
 heiexhibit46g.htm
 EX-4.6(G)

Document 
 HEI Exhibit 4.6(g) 

 CORRECTIVE AMENDMENT 2023-1 
 TO THE 
 AMERICAN SAVINGS BANK 401(k) PLAN 
 AMERIMATCH CONTRIBUTIONS 

The following amendment is made to the American Savings Bank 40l(k) Plan (the Plan or ASB 40l(k) Plan solely for the purpose of correcting the effective date of the elimination of the one-year Company Contribution Eligibility Service requirement for eligibility to receive AmeriMatch Contributions, as reflected in Amendment 2022-2. This Amendment 2023-1 is made pursuant to the authority in Internal Revenue Service Revenue Procedure 2021-30, Section 4.05(2)(a), as follows 

1. Effective on and after August 12, 2022, with respect to Eligibility to Participate in AmeriMatch Contributions, Section 1.1(b) of the Plan is amended to state in its entirety as follows 
 (b) AmeriMatch Contributions . The Participating Employers shall make AmeriMatch Contributions for their Eligible Employees as of the first paycheck following their date of hire. 

This document is executed on January 12, 2023. 
 
 American Savings Bank, F.S.B. 
 
 By s K. Elizabeth Whitehead 
 Its Chief Administrative Officer 
 1 
 7092987.1 

</EX-4.6(G)>

<EX-10.19(E)>
 8
 heiexhibit1019e.htm
 EX-10.19(E)

Document 
 
 HEI Exhibit 10.19(e) 

 AMERICAN SAVINGS BANK SELECT DEFERRED COMPENSATION PLAN 
 
 Amendment No. 6 to January 1, 2009 Restatement 
 
 The American Savings Bank Select Deferred Compensation Plan SDCP is hereby amended by this Amendment No. 6 to the January 1, 2009 Restatement, as follows 

1. Purpose and Explanation. This Amendment is adopted to remove the one year waiting period and change the contribution percentage for the SelectMatch. 
 
 a. SelectMatch Eligibility. Eligibility for the SelectMatch shall no longer require a one year waiting period. Specifically, eligibility shall begin on the first day of the quarter coinciding with or next following the eligible Participant's date of hire with American Savings Bank. 
 
 b. SelectMatch Contributions. The quarterly SelectMatch Contribution percentage shall increase from 4 to 5 of the Participant's Deferral Contributions for that quarter. 
 
 A year-end SelectMatch Contribution with respect to the Plan Year may be made for Participants whose compensation exceeds the 401(a)(17) limit for the year. The intent of year-end SelectMatch Contribution is for these Participants to receive a total SelectMatch for the Plan Year that is equal to the lesser of 5 of their Compensation in excess of the 401(a)(17) limit or their total Deferral Contributions for the Plan Year. 
 
 2. Supersession. This Amendment No. 6 shall supersede the provisions of the SDCP to the extent that those provisions are inconsistent with this Amendment. 
 
 3. Effective Date. This Amendment No. 6 is effective for Plan Years beginning on or after January 1, 2023. 
 
 4. Section 4A.1. Section 4A.1 is amended in its entirety as follows 
 
 a. General . Each Participant who elects to make Deferral Contributions to the Plan for a Plan Year and who is employed by the Bank in that Plan Year shall be entitled to receive employer-matching contributions which shall be known as SelectMatch Contributions . SelectMatch Contributions shall be made to the Participant's SelectMatch Account as soon as administratively feasible after the end of each calendar quarter in a Plan Year. 
 
 b. Definition of SelectMatch Compensation . SelectMatch Compensation for a Plan Year shall mean Compensation as defined under the American Savings Bank 401(k) Plan, modified by the inclusion of Deferral Contributions under this Plan and not limited by the annual limit imposed by Section 401(a)(17) of the Code on compensation which may be taken into account by qualified plans 401(a)(l 7) Limit ). The SelectMatch Compensation taken into account for a Plan Year shall include only compensation earned on or after the date that participation in the SelectMatch Contributions has commenced. Where such date is the first day of the second, third, or fourth quarter of the Plan Year, the 401(a)(17) Limit shall be prorated . 
 
 c. Eligibility and Participation . Participants who are employed by the Bank in a Plan Year are eligible to participate in SelectMatch Contributions with respect to any Deferral 

Contributions for that Plan Year on the first day of the quarter coinciding with or next following the eligible Participant's date of hire. 
 
 d. Amount of SelectMatch Contribution . 
 
 i. Quarterly SelectMatch Contributions . A SelectMatch Contribution shall be made for each calendar quarter in which an eligible Participant makes Deferral Contributions to the Plan. The amount of a quarterly SelectMatch Contribution shall be equal to 5 of the Participant's Deferral Contributions for that calendar quarter. 
 
 ii. Annual SelectMatch Contribution. An additional SelectMatch Contribution at year-end may be necessary for Participants whose SelectMatch Compensation exceeds the annual 40 I (a)(l 7) limit. The calculation will first determine the lesser of 
 
 1). 5 of the Participant's SelectMatch Compensation that exceeds the annual 401(a)(17) limit or 
 
 2). the total of the Participant's Deferral Contributions for the Plan Year 
 
 From this number, the total SelectMatch Contribution already received in the Plan Year will be subtracted . Any positive result will be the additional SelectMatch Contribution. 
 
 Example Mary defers 1,000 each quarter. Her quarterly match is 5 of 
 1,000, or 50. Mary's compensation for the year is 450,000. The 2023 401(a)( 17) limit is 330,000. Mary's compensation exceeds the limit by 
 120,000. Thus, a year-end SelectMatch Contribution may be necessary 
 
 The calculation of Mary's year-end contribution is as follows 
 
 o First step Determine the lesser of deferrals or 5 of excess compensation.. 
 
 Mary has deferred 4,000 for the year. 5 of the excess compensation of 120,000 is 6,000. The lesser of 4,000 and 6,000 is 4.000. 
 
 o Second step Subtract any contribution already received. 
 
 Mary has received a 50 match each quarter or a total matching contribution of 200 for the year. The difference between 4,000 and 200 is 3,800. The additional SelectMatch Contribution due at year-end is 3,800. 

e. Investment Adjustments. SelectMatch Contributions shall be deemed to include Investment Adjustments thereon, which shall be credited to a Participant's SelectMatch Account. 

f. Salar y Deferral A g reement to Control . Any SelectMatch Contributions made to the Plan for the Participant's benefit with respect to a Plan Year, together with any Investment Adjustments thereon, shall be subject to the terms of the Participant's Salary Deferral Agreement for such Plan Year. 
 
 5. Except as modified herein, all of the terms and provisions of the SDCP, as amended, shall continue in full force and effect. 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, American Savings Bank has caused this Amendment No. 6 to the January 1, 2009 Restatement of the American Savings Bank Select Deferred Compensation Plan to be 
 executed by its duly authorized officer on December 5 , 2022. 

AMERICAN SAVINGS BANK 

By s K. Elizabeth Whitehead 
 Its EVP, Chief Administrative Officer 

</EX-10.19(E)>

<EX-21.1>
 9
 heiexhibit21110k2022.htm
 EX-21.1

Document 

HEI Exhibit 21.1 
 
 Hawaiian Electric Industries, Inc. 
 SUBSIDIARIES OF THE REGISTRANT 
 
 The following is a list of all direct and indirect subsidiaries of the registrant as of February 27, 2023. The state place of incorporation or organization is noted in parentheses and subsidiaries of intermediate parent companies are designated by indentations. 
 Hawaiian Electric Company, Inc. (Hawaii) 
 Maui Electric Company, Limited (Hawaii) 
 Hawaii Electric Light Company, Inc. (Hawaii) 
 Renewable Hawaii, Inc. (Hawaii) 
 ASB Hawaii, Inc. (Hawaii) 
 American Savings Bank, F.S.B. (federally chartered) 
 Pacific Current, LLC (Hawaii) 
 Hamakua Holdings, LLC (Hawaii) 
 Hamakua Energy, LLC (Hawaii) 
 Mauo, LLC (Hawaii) 
 Upena, LLC (Hawaii) 
 Alenuihaha Developments, LLC (Hawaii) 
 Ka ulakahi Power, LLC (Hawaii) 
 Ka ie ie Waho Company, LLC (Hawaii) 
 Ka aipua a, LLC (Hawaii) 
 Cambrian PBD Holding, LLC (Hawaii) (75 membership interest) 
 Mahipapa, LLC (Delaware) 
 EverCharge Hawaii, LLC (Delaware) (51 membership interest) 

</EX-21.1>

<EX-21.2>
 10
 heexhibit21210k2022.htm
 EX-21.2

Document 

Hawaiian Electric Exhibit 21.2 
 
 Hawaiian Electric Company, Inc. 
 SUBSIDIARIES OF THE REGISTRANT 

The following is a list of all subsidiaries of the registrant as of February 27, 2023. The state place of incorporation or organization is noted in parentheses. 
 Maui Electric Company, Limited (Hawaii) 
 Hawaii Electric Light Company, Inc. (Hawaii) 
 Renewable Hawaii, Inc. (Hawaii) 

</EX-21.2>

<EX-23.1>
 11
 heiexhibit23110k2022.htm
 EX-23.1

Document 

HEI Exhibit 23.1 

CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 
 
 We consent to the incorporation by reference in Registration Statement No. 333-268339 on Form S-3 and Registration Statement Nos. 333-02103, 333-232360, 333-159000, 333-232361, 333-166737, 333-174131 and 333-232359 on Form S-8 of our report dated February 27, 2023, relating to the financial statements of Hawaiian Electric Industries, Inc. and the effectiveness of Hawaiian Electric Industries, Inc. s internal control over financial reporting appearing in this Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 
 s Deloitte & Touche LLP 
 Honolulu, Hawaii 
 February 27, 2023 

</EX-23.1>

<EX-31.1>
 12
 a01hei2022ex311.htm
 EX-31.1

Document 

HEI Exhibit 31.1 
 
 CERTIFICATION 
 
 I, Scott W. H. Seu, certify that 
 
 1. I have reviewed this report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022 of Hawaiian Electric Industries, Inc. registrant 
 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 
 (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 
 (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 
 (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 
 (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 
 (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 
 (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 Date February 27, 2023 s Scott W. H. Seu Scott W. H. Seu President and Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 13
 a02hei2022ex312.htm
 EX-31.2

Document 

HEI Exhibit 31.2 

CERTIFICATION 
 
 I, Paul K. Ito, certify that 
 
 1. I have reviewed this report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022 of Hawaiian Electric Industries, Inc. registrant 
 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 
 (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 
 (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 
 (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 
 (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 
 (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 
 (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 Date February 27, 2023 s Paul K. Ito Paul K. Ito Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-31.3>
 14
 a04heco2022ex313.htm
 EX-31.3

Document 

Hawaiian Electric Exhibit 31.3 
 
 CERTIFICATION 
 
 I, Shelee M. T. Kimura, certify that 
 
 1. I have reviewed this report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022 of Hawaiian Electric Company, Inc. registrant 
 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 
 (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 
 (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 
 (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 
 (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 
 (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 
 (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 Date February 27, 2023 s Shelee M. T. Kimura Shelee M. T. Kimura President and Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-31.3>

<EX-31.4>
 15
 a05heco2022ex314.htm
 EX-31.4

Document 

Hawaiian Electric Exhibit 31.4 
 
 CERTIFICATION 
 I, Tayne S. Y. Sekimura, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022 of Hawaiian Electric Company, Inc. registrant 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 
 (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 
 (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 
 (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 
 (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 
 (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 
 (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 Date February 27, 2023 s Tayne S. Y. Sekimura Tayne S. Y. Sekimura Senior Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer 

</EX-31.4>

<EX-32.1>
 16
 a03hei2022ex321.htm
 EX-32.1

Document 

HEI Exhibit 32.1 
 
 Hawaiian Electric Industries, Inc. 
 
 Certification Pursuant to 
 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 
 
 In connection with the Quarterly Report of Hawaiian Electric Industries, Inc. (HEI) on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the Report), each of Scott W. H. Seu and Paul K. Ito, Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, respectively, of HEI, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, that to the best of his knowledge 
 
 (1) The Report complies with the requirements of section 13(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended and 
 
 (2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of HEI and its subsidiaries as of, and for, the periods presented in this report. 
 
 Date February 27, 2023 s Scott W. H. Seu Scott W. H. Seu President and Chief Executive Officer s Paul K. Ito Paul K. Ito Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer 
 
 A signed original of this written statement has been provided to HEI and will be retained by HEI and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 17
 a06heco2022ex322.htm
 EX-32.2

Document 

Hawaiian Electric Exhibit 32.2 
 
 Hawaiian Electric Company, Inc. 
 
 Certification Pursuant to 
 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 
 
 In connection with the Quarterly Report of Hawaiian Electric Company, Inc. (Hawaiian Electric) on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the Hawaiian Electric Report), each of Shelee M. T. Kimura and Tayne S. Y. Sekimura, Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, respectively, of Hawaiian Electric, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, that to the best of her knowledge 
 
 (1) The Hawaiian Electric Report complies with the requirements of section 13(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended and 
 
 (2) The Hawaiian Electric information contained in the Hawaiian Electric Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of Hawaiian Electric and its subsidiaries as of, and for, the periods presented in this report. 

Date February 27, 2023 s Shelee M. T. Kimura Shelee M. T. Kimura President and Chief Executive Officer s Tayne S. Y. Sekimura Tayne S. Y. Sekimura Senior Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer 
 
 A signed original of this written statement has been provided to Hawaiian Electric and will be retained by Hawaiian Electric and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-99.1>
 18
 heexhibit99110k2022.htm
 EX-99.1

Document 

Hawaiian Electric Exhibit 99.1 
 
 Terms that are not defined in this Exhibit 99.1 have the definitions of such terms as set forth in the 2022 Annual Report on Form 10-K to which this Exhibit is attached and into which this Exhibit is incorporated by reference. 
 PART III ITEM 10. 
 DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 
 
 Executive officers of Hawaiian Electric 
 The executive officers of Hawaiian Electric are listed below. Hawaiian Electric executive officers serve from the date of their initial appointment until the next annual appointment of officers by the Hawaiian Electric Board, and thereafter are appointed for one-year terms or until their successors have been duly appointed and qualified or until their earlier resignation or removal. Hawaiian Electric executive officers may also hold offices with Hawaiian Electric subsidiaries. Name Age Business experience for last 5 years and prior positions with Hawaiian Electric and its affiliates Shelee M. T. Kimura 49 Hawaiian Electric President and Chief Executive Officer since 1 22 
 Hawaiian Electric Senior Vice President, Customer Service and Public Affairs 3 21 to 12 21 
 Hawaiian Electric Senior Vice President, Customer Service, 2 19 to 3 21 
 Hawaiian Electric Senior Vice President, Business Development & Strategic Planning, 1 17 to 2 19 
 Hawaiian Electric Vice President, Corporate Planning & Business Development, 5 14 to 1 17 
 HEI Director, Investor Relations, Strategic Planning & Budget, 11 09 to 5 14 
 HEI Manager, Corporate Finance and Investments, 8 04 to 11 09 
 Jimmy D. Alberts 62 Hawaiian Electric Senior Vice President and Chief Operations Officer since 1 22 
 Hawaiian Electric Senior Vice President, Operations, 3 21 to 12 21 
 Hawaiian Electric Senior Vice President, Business Development & Strategic Planning, 2 19 to 3 21 
 Hawaiian Electric Senior Vice President, Customer Service, 8 12 to 2 19 
 Prior to joining the Company Kansas City Power & Light, Vice President Customer Service, 2007-12 
 Jason E. Benn 51 Hawaiian Electric Senior Vice President and Chief Information Officer since 8 21 
 Hawaiian Electric Vice President Information Technology Services and Chief Information Officer, 8 17 to 8 21 
 Hawaiian Electric Vice President and Acting Chief Information Officer, 5 17 to 7 17 
 Hawaiian Electric Manager, Information Technology Services, 8 10 to 5 17 
 Hawaiian Electric Director, Information Assurance, 10 07 to 8 10 
 Hawaiian Electric IT Program Manager, 4 06 to 9 07 
 Hawaiian Electric Senior IT Infrastructure Analyst, 12 01 to 4 06 
 Hawaiian Electric Supervisor, Network & Technical Support, 8 01 to 12 01 
 Hawaiian Electric Supervisor, Desktop Services, 7 00 to 8 01 
 Hawaiian Electric Infrastructure Analyst, 9 97 to 7 00 
 Colton K. Ching 55 Hawaiian Electric Senior Vice President, Planning & Technology since 1 17 Hawaiian Electric Vice President, Energy Delivery, 1 13 to 1 17 Hawaiian Electric Vice President, Systems Operation & Planning, 8 10 to 12 12 Hawaiian Electric Manager, Corporate Planning Department, 8 08 to 8 10 Hawaiian Electric Director, Strategic Initiatives, 12 06 to 8 08 Hawaiian Electric Director, Transmission Planning Division, 2 05 to 12 06 Hawaiian Electric Senior Planning Engineer, 4 00 to 2 05 Hawaiian Electric Electric Engineer II, 9 96 to 4 00 Hawaiian Electric Designer II, 1 94 to 9 96 Hawaiian Electric Designer I, 1 91 to 1 94 
 1 

Name Age Tayne S. Y. Sekimura 60 Hawaiian Electric Senior Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer since 8 21 Hawaiian Electric Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, 9 09 to 8 21 Hawaiian Electric Senior Vice President, Finance and Administration, 2 08 to 9 09 Hawaiian Electric Financial Vice President, 10 04 to 2 08 Hawaiian Electric Assistant Financial Vice President, 8 04 to 10 04 Hawaiian Electric Director, Corporate & Property Accounting, 2 01 to 8 04 Hawaiian Electric Director, Internal Audit, 7 97 to 2 01 Hawaiian Electric Capital Budgets Administrator, 5 93 to 7 97 Hawaiian Electric Capital Budgets Supervisor, 10 92 to 5 93 Hawaiian Electric Auditor (internal), 5 91 to 10 92 Joseph P. Viola 56 Hawaiian Electric Senior Vice President, Customer, Legal and Regulatory Affairs since 1 22 Hawaiian Electric Vice President, Regulatory and Business Strategies, 3 21 to 12 21 Hawaiian Electric Vice President, Regulatory Affairs, 2 14 to 2 21 Hawaiian Electric Manager, Legal Department, 2 09 to 1 14 Hawaiian Electric Lead Associate General Counsel, 11 07 to 2 09 Hawaiian Electric Associate General Counsel, 8 00 to 11 07 
 Hawaiian Electric Board of Directors 
 The directors of Hawaiian Electric are listed below. Hawaiian Electric directors are elected annually by HEI, the sole common shareholder of Hawaiian Electric, after considering recommendations made by the HEI Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee. Below is information regarding the business experience and certain other directorships for each Hawaiian Electric director, together with a description of the experience, qualifications, attributes and skills that led to the Hawaiian Electric Board s conclusion at the time of the 2022 Form 10-K, to which this Hawaiian Electric Exhibit 99.1 is attached, that each of the directors should serve on the Hawaiian Electric Board in light of Hawaiian Electric s current business and structure. 
 James A. Ajello, age 69, Hawaiian Electric director since 2020 
 Hawaiian Electric Audit & Risk Committee Member since May 2020 
 Business experience since 2018 
 Director, Dimension Renewable Energy, since February 23, 2022 
 Senior Vice President Finance, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer, Portland General Electric (NYSE POR), since January 1, 2021 
 Senior Advisor, Portland General Electric (NYSE POR), November 1, 2020 - December 31, 2020 
 Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, Hawaiian Electric Industries, Inc. (HEI), August 2013 - April 2017 
 Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer, HEI, June 2011 - July 2013 
 Senior Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer, HEI, January 2009 - June 2011 
 Director, American Savings Bank (subsidiary of HEI), 2017-2020 
 Director, Crius Energy Trust (TSX KWH), 2012-2019 
 Skills and qualifications for Hawaiian Electric Board service 
 18 years of executive leadership, financial oversight, risk management, investor relations, tax, accounting, financial and SEC reporting and strategic planning experience from serving as EVP and CFO of HEI, serving as President of Reliant Energy Solutions LLC and Senior Vice President and General Manager of Commercial & Industrial Marketing and Senior Vice President - Business Development of Reliant Energy, Inc. 
 14 years of banking industry experience from serving as Managing Director and Head of UBS Chicago and its corporate banking unit, as well as head of UBS s North American project finance team. Duties focused on corporate finance, capital markets and M & A. 
 In-depth knowledge of issues facing American Savings Bank gained from 9 years as EVP and CFO of American Savings Bank's parent company, HEI, and 3 years serving on American Savings Bank board of directors. 
 Hawaii business and leadership experience from his 7 years of service as a Trustee on the Hawaii Pacific University Board and his 9 years as EVP and CFO of HEI. 
 2 

Kevin M. Burke , age 61, Hawaiian Electric director since 2018 
 Hawaiian Electric Audit & Risk Committee Member since May 2019 
 Business experience since 2018 
 Chief Marketing Officer, Square, Inc., 2015 - 2019 
 Chief Marketing Officer, Visa, Inc., 2012 - 2014 
 Skills and qualifications for Hawaiian Electric Board service 
 Executive management, leadership and strategic planning skills from his prior service as Chief Marketing Officer for Square, Inc., where he was responsible for driving brand leadership, customer acquisition, overall product and business growth, as well as from his 10 years as a senior executive for Visa, Inc., where he was responsible for transforming Visa s marketing organization and overseeing key strategic initiatives which included global campaigns. 
 Extensive finance and investment expertise gained through his positions at Visa, Inc., where he set overall investment strategy and directed investment of a budget of over 800 million across more than 70 markets, including emerging markets. 
 Substantial experience working across a range of industries, including financial services, technology and energy gained from his over 30 years in the marketing industry, including serving as President of JWT San Francisco (marketing and communications agency). 
 Skilled business leader who has built and led high-performing organizations from start-up to establishing regional as well as global markets, including founding a successful full-service advertising agency that focused on emerging digital brands. 
 Timothy E. Johns , age 66, Hawaiian Electric director since 2005 Chairman since January 1, 2020 
 Hawaiian Electric Audit & Risk Committee Member since 2006, Chair since 2010 
 HEI Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee, Non-Voting Representative since 2019 
 HEI Executive Committee, Non-Voting Representative since 2020 
 HEI Compensation & Human Capital Management Committee, Non-Voting Representative since 2020 
 Business experience since 2018 
 President and Chief Executive Officer, Zephyr Insurance Company, Inc. (hurricane insurance provider in Hawaii), since 2018 
 Chief Consumer Officer, Hawaii Medical Service Association (leading health insurer in Hawaii), 2011 - 2017 
 Skills and qualifications for Hawaiian Electric Board service 
 Executive management, leadership and strategic planning skills developed over three decades as a businessperson and lawyer, and currently as President and Chief Executive Officer of Zephyr Insurance Company. 
 Business, regulatory, financial stewardship and legal experience from his prior roles as Chief Consumer Officer of HMSA, President and Chief Executive Officer of the Bishop Museum, Chief Operating Officer for the Estate of Samuel Mills Damon (former private trust with assets valued at over 900 million prior to its dissolution), Chairperson of the Hawaii State Board of Land and Natural Resources, Director of the Hawaii State Department of Land and Natural Resources and Vice President and General Counsel at Amfac Property Development Corp. 
 Corporate governance knowledge and familiarity with financial oversight and fiduciary responsibilities from his prior experience overseeing the HMSA Internal Audit department, as a director for The Gas Company LLC (now Hawaii Gas) and his current service as a trustee of the Parker Ranch Foundation Trust (charitable trust with assets valued at over 250 million), as a director and Audit Committee Chair for Parker Ranch, Inc. (largest ranch in Hawaii with significant real estate assets), as a director and Audit Committee member for Grove Farm Company, Inc. (privately-held community and real estate development firm operating on the island of Kauai) and on the board of Kualoa Ranch, Inc. (private ranch in Hawaii offering tours and activity packages to the public). 
 Shelee M. T. Kimura , age 49, Hawaiian Electric director since 2022 
 Business experience since 2018 
 Hawaiian Electric President and Chief Executive Officer since January 2022 
 Hawaiian Electric Senior Vice President, Customer Service and Public Affairs March 2021 - December 2021 
 3 

Hawaiian Electric Senior Vice President, Customer Service, February 2019 - March 2021 
 Hawaiian Electric Senior Vice President, Business Development & Strategic Planning, January 2017 - February 2019 
 Hawaiian Electric Vice President, Corporate Planning & Business Development, May 2014 - January 2017 
 Sk ills and qualification for Hawaiian Electric Board Service 
 Executive management, leadership and strategic planning skills from the wide range of leadership roles at Hawaiian Electric and HEI over the last 17 years including her current role as President and Chief Executive Officer of Hawaiian Electric. 
 Operational leadership and extensive customer relations experience which includes all stakeholders from institutional investors and rating agencies to customers, communities, regulators, government and union gained from her roles at HEI and Hawaiian Electric where she led the investor relations group and numerous customer-focused, innovative projects such as the company s decarbonization strategy, distributed energy resources program, large solar and storage procurement. 
 Accounting, auditing and financial oversight experience gained from obtaining a public accounting certification and working as an auditor as well as her service (September 2013 to June 2022) on the Independent Audit Committee for Kamehameha Schools 15 billion endowment and Hawaii s largest private landowner with over 397,000 acres of land on Hawaii island, Maui, Molokai, Oahu, and Kauai) . 
 Mary E. Kipp , age 55, Hawaiian Electric director since 2023 
 Hawaiian Electric Audit & Risk Committee Member since January 2023 
 Business experience since 2018 
 President and Chief Executive Officer, Puget Sound Energy, Inc. since January 2020 
 President and Chief Executive Officer, El Paso Electric Company, 2017-2019 
 Chief Executive Officer, El Paso Electric Company, 2015-2017 
 President, El Paso Electric Company, 2014-2015 
 
 Skills and qualifications for Hawaiian Electric Board service 
 Executive management, leadership and strategic planning skills developed over nearly three decades as a businessperson and lawyer and currently as President and CEO of Puget Sound Energy, Inc. a 150 year old utility providing electric power and natural gas to 1.5 million customers in the state of Washington. 
 Business, regulatory, financial stewardship and legal experience from her prior roles as President and CEO, General Counsel and Chief Compliance Officer and Director of FERC Compliance for El Paso Electric Company, and Senior Enforcement Attorney for the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission. 
 Extensive knowledge of the electric utility industry from her 15 years of experience in leadership roles at Puget Sound Energy, Inc. and El Paso Electric Company. 
 Corporate governance knowledge and familiarity with financial oversight and fiduciary responsibilities from her service as a director for Boston Properties, Inc., the largest publicly traded developer, owner, and manager of premier workplaces in the United States and prior director of El Paso Electric, an electric utility providing generation, transmission and distribution to customers in west Texas and southern New Mexico. 
 
 Alana K. Pakkala , age 47, Hawaiian Electric director since 2020 
 Hawaiian Electric Audit & Risk Committee Member since April 2022 
 Business experience since 2018 
 Managing Partner & Executive Vice President, The Kobayashi Group, since 2022 
 Chief Operating Officer, The Kobayashi Group, 2018 - 2022 
 Executive Vice President, The Kobayashi Group, 2008 - 2018 
 Skills and qualifications for Hawaiian Electric Board service 
 Extensive experience with real estate planning, including sustainable design, renewable energy installations, financing and overseeing large real estate development projects totaling over 4 billion across the State of Hawaii, and experience with executive management, marketing, community engagement and government relations from her executive leadership of Kobayashi Group, LLC, a Hawaii-based real estate development firm. 
 4 

Governance expertise and a strong understanding of the communities in which the utility operates from her development of projects and service on numerous non-profit and government boards in the state, including boards of organizations focused on health, education, public transportation and community development. 
 Recognized business and community leader, including being recognized as a Women of Distinction honoree by the Girl Scouts of Hawaii . 
 Kelvin H. Taketa , age 68, Hawaiian Electric director since 2004 
 Business experience and other public company and Hawaiian Electric affiliate directorships since 2018 
 Senior Fellow, Hawaii Community Foundation (statewide charitable foundation), July 2017 - December 2018 
 CEO, Hawaii Community Foundation, Jan 2016 - June 2017 
 President and CEO, Hawaii Community Foundation, 1998 - 2015 
 Director 1993-2019 and Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee Chair (2004-2019), HEI (parent company of Hawaiian Electric) 
 Skills and qualifications for Hawaiian Electric Board service 
 Executive management experience with responsibility for overseeing more than 500 million in charitable assets through his leadership of the Hawaii Community Foundation. 
 Proficiency in risk assessment, strategic planning and organizational leadership as well as marketing and public relations from his prior position at the Hawaii Community Foundation and his prior experience as Vice President and Executive Director of the Asia Pacific Region for The Nature Conservancy and as Founder, Managing Partner and Director of Sunrise Capital Inc. 
 Knowledge of corporate and nonprofit governance issues gained from his prior service as a director for Grove Farm Company, Inc. and the Independent Sector, his current service on the boards of Feeding America, the Stupski Foundation, the Hawaii Leadership Forum, Elemental Excelerator and the Center for Effective Philanthropy, and through publishing articles and lecturing on governance of tax-exempt organizations. 
 Extensive experience in conservation environmental matters in Hawaii and Asia Pacific Region. 
 
 Toby B. Taniguchi , age 51, Hawaiian Electric director since 2021 
 Hawaiian Electric Audit & Risk Committee Member since April 2022 
 Business experience since 2018 
 President & Chief Operating Officer, KTA Super Stores, 2014-present 
 Executive Vice President, KTA Super Stores, 2006-2014 
 President, K. Taniguchi, Limited, 2019-present 
 Vice President, K. Taniguchi Limited, 1999-2019 
 Skills and qualifications for Hawaiian Electric Board service 
 Executive leadership experience as President and Chief Operating Officer of KTA Super Stores where he is responsible for the daily operations of the largest network of retail grocery stores on the island of Hawaii. KTA Super Stores has invested in environmental and social innovations including electric vehicle infrastructure investments, PV system installation, sourcing from locally owned and produced businesses, supporting their marketing and expanded distribution, and philanthropic programs with direct community impact. 
 Current knowledge of and experience with the business community on the island of Hawaii, which is serviced by Hawaiian Electric Company s subsidiary, Hawaii Electric Light Company, from serving in leadership positions for 17 years at KTA Super Stores which has seven retail stores all over the island and is one of the oldest grocers on island, established 105 years ago. 
 Extensive corporate and non-profit board leadership experience from his service on private and non-profit boards in the state which include areas of impact such as community development, health and human services, education, business, industry, insurance, and economic development. 
 Recognized business and community leader, including recognitions by the Hawaii Business Magazine for his leadership with the 40 Under Forty distinction and the 20 for the Next 20 award. 
 
 5 

Audit & Risk Committee of the Hawaiian Electric Board of Directors 
 Because HEI has common stock listed on the New York Stock Exchange (NYSE) and Hawaiian Electric is a wholly-owned subsidiary of HEI, HEI is subject to the corporate governance listing standards in Section 303A of the NYSE Listed Company Manual, but Hawaiian Electric is not subject to NYSE listing standards, including Sections 303A.04, 303A.05 and 303A.06, which require listed companies to have nominating corporate governance, compensation and audit committees, respectively. 
 Although not required by NYSE rules to do so, Hawaiian Electric has established one standing committee, the Hawaiian Electric Audit & Risk Committee, and voluntarily endeavors to comply with NYSE and SEC requirements regarding audit committee composition. The current members of the Hawaiian Electric Audit & Risk Committee are nonemployee directors Timothy E. Johns (chair), James A. Ajello, Kevin M. Burke, Mary E. Kipp, Alana K. Pakkala and Toby B. Taniguchi. All committee members are independent and qualified to serve on the committee pursuant to NYSE and SEC requirements. Each of Timothy E. Johns, James A. Ajello, Mary E. Kipp and Toby B. Taniguchi has been determined by the Hawaiian Electric Board to be an audit committee financial expert on the Hawaiian Electric Audit & Risk Committee. 
 The Hawaiian Electric Audit & Risk Committee operates and acts under a written charter approved by the Hawaiian Electric Board which is available on HEI s website at www.hei.com govdocs (documents referenced as being available on the Company's website are not incorporated herein). The Hawaiian Electric Audit & Risk Committee is responsible for overseeing (1) Hawaiian Electric s financial reporting processes and internal controls, (2) the performance of Hawaiian Electric s internal auditor, (3) risk assessment and risk management policies set by management and (4) the Corporate Code of Conduct compliance program for Hawaiian Electric and its subsidiaries. In addition, the committee provides input to the HEI Audit & Risk Committee regarding the appointment, compensation and oversight of the independent registered public accounting firm that audits HEI s and Hawaiian Electric s consolidated financial statements and maintains procedures for receiving and reviewing confidential reports of potential accounting and auditing concerns. 
 In 2022, the Hawaiian Electric Audit & Risk Committee held seven meetings. At each meeting, the committee held executive sessions without management present with the independent registered public accounting firm that audits HEI s and Hawaiian Electric s consolidated financial statements. 
 Attendance at Hawaiian Electric Board and Audit & Risk Committee meetings 
 In 2022, there were seven meetings of the Hawaiian Electric Board. All incumbent Hawaiian Electric directors attended at least 93 of the combined total number of meetings of the Hawaiian Electric Board and the Hawaiian Electric Audit & Risk Committee (for those who served on such committee) held during the period for which he or she was a director. 
 Family relationships executive officer and director arrangements 
 There are no family relationships between any executive officer or director of Hawaiian Electric and any other executive officer or director of Hawaiian Electric. There are no arrangements or understandings between any executive officer or director of Hawaiian Electric and any other person pursuant to which such executive officer or director was selected. 
 Code of Conduct 
 The HEI Board has adopted a Corporate Code of Conduct that applies to all of HEI s subsidiaries, including Hawaiian Electric, and which includes a code of ethics applicable to, among others, Hawaiian Electric s principal executive officer, principal financial officer and principal accounting officer. The Corporate Code of Conduct is available on HEI s website at www.hei.com govdocs (documents referenced as being available on the Company's website are not incorporated herein). Hawaiian Electric elects to disclose the information required by Form 8-K, Item 5.05, Amendments to the Registrant s Code of Ethics, or Waiver of a Provision of the Code of Ethics, through this website and such information will remain available on this website for at least a 12-month period. 
 Delinquent Section 16(a) Reports 
 Section 16(a) of the 1934 Exchange Act requires Hawaiian Electric s executive officers, controller, directors and persons who own more than ten percent of a registered class of Hawaiian Electric s equity securities to file reports of ownership and changes in ownership with the SEC. Such reporting persons are also required by SEC regulations to furnish Hawaiian Electric with copies of all Section 16(a) forms they file. Based solely on its review of such forms provided to it during 2022, or written representations from some of those persons that no Forms 5 were required from such persons, Hawaiian Electric believes that, except for a Form 3 that was filed late following the promotion of Joseph Viola, each of the persons required to comply with Section 16(a) of the 1934 Exchange Act with respect to Hawaiian Electric, including its executive officers, directors and persons who own more than ten percent of a registered class of Hawaiian Electric s equity securities, complied with the reporting requirements of Section 16(a) of the 1934 Exchange Act for 2022. 
 6 

ITEM 11. 
 EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 

Director compensation 
 The Hawaiian Electric Board believes that a competitive compensation package is necessary to attract and retain individuals with the experience, skills and qualifications needed to serve as a director on the board of a regulated electric public utility. Nonemployee director compensation is composed of a mix of cash and HEI Common Stock. Only nonemployee directors receive compensation for their service as directors. Ms. Kimura, the Hawaiian Electric President & CEO, did not receive separate or additional compensation for serving as a Hawaiian Electric director. Although Ms. Kimura was a member of the Hawaiian Electric Board, neither she nor any other executive officer participated in the determination of nonemployee director compensation. 
 Nonemployee directors of Hawaiian Electric receive compensation in the form of a cash retainer and an HEI stock grant. James A. Ajello, Kevin M. Burke, Timothy E. Johns, Mary E. Kipp, Alana K. Pakkala, Kelvin H. Taketa and Toby B. Taniguchi are nonemployee directors of Hawaiian Electric. No Hawaiian Electric director is also an HEI director. 
 The HEI Compensation & Human Capital Management Committee reviews the compensation of Hawaiian Electric nonemployee directors at least once every three years and recommends changes to the Hawaiian Electric Board. In 2021, the HEI Compensation & Human Capital Management Committee asked its independent compensation consultant, Frederic W. Cook & Co., Inc. (FW Cook), to conduct an evaluation of HEI s nonemployee director compensation practices. FW Cook assessed the structure of HEI s nonemployee director compensation program and its value compared to competitive market practices of utility peer companies, similar to the assessments used in its executive compensation review. The HEI Compensation & Human Capital Management Committee reviewed the analysis in determining its recommendations concerning the appropriate nonemployee director compensation, including cash retainers, stock awards and meeting fees for HEI directors. As part of this analysis, the HEI Compensation & Human Capital Management Committee reviewed the cash retainers, stock awards and meeting fees for Hawaiian Electric directors and determined that it would recommend to the Hawaiian Electric Board an increase to the Hawaiian Electric director compensation to generally align with increases for HEI directors. 
 In 2021, the HEI Compensation & Human Capital Management Committee recommended, and the Hawaiian Electric Board approved, for Hawaiian Electric directors (i) an increase of 6,000 (from 45,000 to 51,000) to the annual cash retainer (ii) an increase of 11,000 (from 55,000 to 66,000) to the value of the annual stock award and (iii) an increase to the annual cash retainer for the Hawaiian Electric Audit & Risk Committee Chair of 3,750 (from 15,000 to 18,750). The foregoing increases became effective January 1, 2022. 
 The boards of Hawaiian Electric subsidiaries Hawaii Electric Light and Maui Electric are comprised entirely of officers of Hawaiian Electric and or its subsidiaries who receive no additional compensation for such service. 
 Cash retainer . Hawaiian Electric nonemployee directors received the cash retainer amounts shown below for their 2022 Hawaiian Electric Board service. Nonemployee directors of Hawaiian Electric who also serve as a member or chair of the Hawaiian Electric Audit & Risk Committee or as a non-voting Hawaiian Electric Board representative to attend meetings of the HEI Compensation & Human Capital Management Committee and the HEI Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee received additional retainer amounts, as indicated below. Cash retainers were paid in quarterly installments. 2022 Hawaiian Electric Director 51,000 Hawaiian Electric Chairman of the Board 45,000 Hawaiian Electric Audit & Risk Committee Chair 18,750 Hawaiian Electric Audit & Risk Committee Member 7,500 Hawaiian Electric Non-Voting Representative to HEI Compensation & Human Capital Management Committee 10,000 Hawaiian Electric Non-Voting Representative to HEI Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee 10,000 
 
 Extra meeting fees . Nonemployee directors are also entitled to meeting fees for each board or committee meeting attended (as member or chair) after a specified number of meetings. For 2022, directors were entitled to additional fees of 1,000 per meeting after attending a minimum of eight Hawaiian Electric Board meetings during the year, Hawaiian Electric Audit & Risk Committee members were entitled to additional fees of 1,000 per meeting after attending a minimum of six Hawaiian Electric Audit & Risk Committee meetings during the year, and the Hawaiian Electric Board s non-voting representative to the HEI Compensation & Human Capital Management Committee and HEI Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee each was entitled to an additional fee of 1,500 per meeting after attending six meetings of the respective Committee during the year. 
 7 

Fees for non-voting members of HEI board committees . Certain director(s) of Hawaiian Electric serve as non-voting members of certain HEI board committees. This currently includes Timothy Johns who serves as a non-voting member of HEI's Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee and the HEI Compensation & Human Capital Management Committee. Non-voting members of the HEI Compensation & Human Capital Management Committee and HEI Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee are paid the same annual retainer as the voting members. See Cash Retainer table below for amounts paid. 
 Stock awards . On June 30, 2022, each nonemployee director received shares of HEI Common Stock with a value equal to 66,000 as an annual grant under HEI's 2011 Nonemployee Director Stock Plan, as amended and restated (2011 Director Plan), which was approved by HEI shareholders on May 10, 2011, and amended and restated, for the purpose of further aligning directors' and shareholders' interests. The number of shares issued to each Hawaiian Electric nonemployee director was determined based on the closing sales price of HEI Common Stock on the NYSE on June 30, 2022. Stock grants to nonemployee directors under the 2011 Director Plan are made annually on the last business day in June and vest immediately. 
 Deferred compensation . Nonemployee directors may participate in the HEI Deferred Compensation Plan implemented in 2011 (2011 Deferred Compensation Plan). Under the plan, deferred amounts are credited with gains losses of deemed investments chosen by the participant from a list of publicly traded mutual funds and other investment offerings. Earnings are not above-market or preferential. Participants may elect the timing upon which distributions are to begin following separation from service (including retirement) and may choose to receive such distributions in a lump sum or in installments over a period of up to fifteen years. Lump sum benefits are payable in the event of disability or death. In 2022, no Hawaiian Electric director participated in the 2011 Deferred Compensation Plan. Nonemployee directors are also eligible to participate in the prior HEI Nonemployee Directors Deferred Compensation Plan, as amended January 1, 2009, although no nonemployee director of Hawaiian Electric deferred compensation under such plan in 2022. 
 Health benefits . Directors may participate, at their election and at their cost, in the group employee medical, vision and dental plans generally made available to Hawaiian Electric employees. No Hawaiian Electric director currently participates in such plans. 
 2022 DIRECTOR COMPENSATION TABLE 
 The table below shows the compensation paid to Hawaiian Electric nonemployee directors in 2022. Name Fees Earned or Paid in Cash ) (1) Stock Awards ) (2) Total ) James A. Ajello 58,500 66,000 124,500 Kevin M. Burke 59,500 66,000 125,500 Timothy E. Johns, Chairman 135,750 66,000 201,750 Alana K. Pakkala 56,378 66,000 122,378 Kelvin H. Taketa 51,000 66,000 117,000 Toby B. Taniguchi 56,378 66,000 122,378 
 1. Represents cash retainers for board and committee service (as detailed in the table below). 
 2. Represents an HEI stock award in the value of 66,000, as described above under Stock Awards. These equity grants were made on June 30, 2022. 

8 

The table below shows cash retainers paid to Hawaiian Electric nonemployee directors for Hawaiian Electric board and committee service in 2022. Name Hawaiian Electric Board ) (1) Hawaiian Electric Chairman ) Hawaiian Electric Audit & Risk Committee ) Hawaiian Electric Nonvoting Representative to HEI Compensation & Human Capital Management Committee ) Hawaiian Electric Nonvoting Representative to HEI Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee ) Extra Meeting Fees ) (2) Total Fees Earned or Paid in Cash ) James A. Ajello 51,000 7,500 58,500 Kevin M. Burke 51,000 7,500 1,000 59,500 Timothy E. Johns 51,000 45,000 18,750 10,000 10,000 1,000 135,750 Alana K. Pakkala 51,000 5,378 56,378 Kelvin H. Taketa 51,000 51,000 Toby B. Taniguchi 51,000 5,378 56,378 
 1. Represents 51,000 annual cash retainer for board service. 
 2. Represents extra meeting fees earned for attending Board and committee meetings in excess of the number of meetings specified in Director Compensation - Extra meeting fees. 

9 

Compensation Discussion and Analysis 
 This section describes Hawaiian Electric s executive compensation program and the compensation decisions made for Hawaiian Electric s 2022 named executive officers, who are listed below. Name Title Shelee M. T. Kimura Hawaiian Electric President and Chief Executive Officer (CEO) Tayne S. Y. Sekimura Hawaiian Electric Senior Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer Jimmy D. Alberts Hawaiian Electric Senior Vice President and Chief Operations Officer Jason E. Benn Hawaiian Electric Senior Vice President and Chief Information Officer Colton K. Ching Hawaiian Electric Senior Vice President, Planning & Technology 
 2022 Executive summary 
 Guiding principles 
 In designing Hawaiian Electric s 2022 executive compensation program and making pay decisions, the HEI Compensation & Human Capital Management Committee and Hawaiian Electric Board followed these guiding principles 
 Pay should reflect Company performance, particularly over the long-term. 
 Compensation programs should align executives interests with those of our shareholders, customers and employees. 
 Programs should be designed to attract, motivate and retain talented executives who can drive the Company s success. 
 The cost of programs should be reasonable while maintaining their purpose and benefit. 
 Key design features 
 The 2022 compensation program for Hawaiian Electric s named executive officers is comprised of four primary elements base salary, performance-based annual incentives, performance-based long-term incentives earned over three years and time-based restricted stock units (RSUs) that vest in equal annual installments over three years. With these elements, named executive officers total compensation opportunity is designed to provide a balance between fixed and variable (performance-based) pay, and between short-term and long-term incentives. Other named executive officer benefits include eligibility to participate in retirement and nonqualified deferred compensation plans, and minimal perquisites. 
 Pay for performance 
 The compensation of our named executive officers earned for 2022 reflects Hawaiian Electric s 2022 performance, as well as its performance over the three-year period that ended December 31, 2022 
 For 2022 annual incentive performance, the following metrics applied to all Hawaiian Electric named executive officers for the one-year period ending December 31, 2022 (a) Hawaiian Electric net income, (b) customer satisfaction, (c) reliability, (d) safety, (e) human capital management (HCM), which includes strategic workforce planning and diversity, equity and inclusion, and (f) decarbonization, which includes renewable portfolio standards and electrification, each on a consolidated basis. 
 Long-term incentives comprise a significant portion of each Hawaiian Electric named executive officer s pay opportunity. For the three-year period that ended December 31, 2022, the Hawaiian Electric named executive officer performance metrics were (a) Hawaiian Electric average annual net income growth, (b) Hawaiian Electric return on average common equity (ROACE) as a percentage of the ROACE allowed by the Hawaii Public Utilities Commission (PUC) for the period, (c) reduction of carbon emissions from power generation, and (d) HEI total shareholder return compared to the companies in the Edison Electric Institute (EEI) Index. 
 The Hawaiian Electric Board and HEI Compensation & Human Capital Management Committee believe that Hawaiian Electric s executive compensation program serves the Company s pay-for-performance objective and is structured to encourage participants to build long-term value for the benefit of all stakeholders, including shareholders, customers and employees. 
 Compensation process 
 Roles in determining compensation 
 Roles of the Hawaiian Electric Board and HEI Compensation & Human Capital Management Committee . The Hawaiian Electric Board does not have a separate compensation committee. Rather, the entire Hawaiian Electric Board serves as Hawaiian Electric s compensation committee and oversees the design and implementation of Hawaiian Electric s executive compensation programs. In addition, as part of its responsibility to oversee compensation programs at HEI and its subsidiaries, the HEI Compensation & Human Capital Management Committee assists the Hawaiian Electric Board by approving 
 10 

performance- and equity-based compensation for ratification by the Hawaiian Electric Board and making recommendations to the Hawaiian Electric Board regarding other executive compensation matters. 
 The HEI Compensation & Human Capital Management Committee fulfills its responsibilities to assist the Hawaiian Electric Board regarding executive compensation matters by engaging annually in a rigorous process to arrive at compensation decisions regarding the named executive officers. In the course of this process, the HEI Compensation & Human Capital Management Committee 
 Engages in extensive deliberations in meetings held over several months 
 Consults with its independent compensation consultant during and outside of meetings 
 Focuses on Hawaiian Electric s long-term strategy, and nearer-term goals to implement such strategy, in setting performance metrics and goals 
 Reviews tally sheets for each named executive officer to understand how the elements of compensation relate to each other and to the compensation package as a whole (the tally sheets include fixed and variable compensation, minimal perquisites and change in pension value for current and past periods) 
 Examines data and analyses prepared by its independent compensation consultant concerning peer group selection, comparative compensation data and evolving best practices 
 Reviews Hawaiian Electric s performance and discusses assessments of the individual performance of senior members of management 
 Analyzes the reasonableness of incentive payouts in light of the long-term benefits to all stakeholders 
 Considers trends in compensation to determine whether incentive programs are working effectively and 
 Reviews risk assessments conducted by the HEI and Hawaiian Electric Enterprise Risk Management functions to determine whether compensation programs and practices carry undue risk. 
 Early each year, the HEI Compensation & Human Capital Management Committee determines compensation earned under incentive plans with respect to performance periods ending in the prior year, establishes performance metrics and goals for incentive plans beginning in the current year and recommends to the Hawaiian Electric Board the level of compensation and mix of pay elements for each named executive officer. 
 The Hawaiian Electric Board discusses evaluations of the Hawaiian Electric CEO s performance, considers HEI Compensation & Human Capital Management Committee recommendations concerning the CEO s pay and determines the CEO s compensation. The Hawaiian Electric Board also reviews HEI Compensation & Human Capital Management Committee recommendations concerning the other Hawaiian Electric named executive officers and approves their compensation. 
 Role of executive officers . The Hawaiian Electric CEO, who is also a Hawaiian Electric director, assesses the performance of the other Hawaiian Electric named executive officers and makes recommendations to the HEI Compensation & Human Capital Management Committee with respect to their levels of compensation and mix of pay elements. The CEO also participates in deliberations of the Hawaiian Electric Board in acting on the HEI Compensation & Human Capital Management Committee s recommendations on the other Hawaiian Electric named executive officers. The CEO does not participate in the deliberations of the HEI Compensation & Human Capital Management Committee to recommend, or of the Hawaiian Electric Board to determine, the CEO s own compensation. 
 Hawaiian Electric management supports the HEI Compensation & Human Capital Management Committee in executing its responsibilities by providing data and other materials for HEI Compensation & Human Capital Management Committee meetings (including tally sheets and recommendations regarding performance metrics, goals and pay mix) by attending portions of HEI Compensation & Human Capital Management Committee meetings as appropriate to provide perspective and expertise relevant to agenda items and by supplying such other data and information as may be requested by the HEI Compensation & Human Capital Management Committee and or its independent compensation consultant. 
 Compensation consultant & consultant independence . Independent compensation consultant Frederic W. Cook & Co., Inc. (FW Cook) is retained by, and reports directly to, the HEI Compensation & Human Capital Management Committee. FW Cook provides the HEI Compensation & Human Capital Management Committee with independent expertise on market practices and developments in executive compensation, compensation program design, peer group composition and competitive pay levels, and provides related research, data and analyses. FW Cook also advises the HEI Compensation & Human Capital Management Committee regarding analyses and proposals presented by management related to executive compensation. A representative of FW Cook attends HEI Compensation & Human Capital Management Committee meetings, participates in Committee executive sessions and communicates directly with the Committee. 
 11 

In early 2023, as in prior years, the HEI Compensation & Human Capital Management Committee evaluated FW Cook s independence, taking into account all factors it considered relevant, including the factors specified in the NYSE listing standards and the absence of other relationships between FW Cook and HEI, Hawaiian Electric and their directors or executive officers. Based on its review of such factors, and based on FW Cook s independence policy, which was shared with the HEI Compensation & Human Capital Management Committee, the Committee concluded that FW Cook is independent and that the work of FW Cook has not raised any conflict of interest. 
 Use of comparative market data 
 Compensation benchmarking . The HEI Compensation & Human Capital Management Committee considers market data from peer group companies as a reference point in determining the named executive officers pay components and target compensation opportunity (composed of base salary, performance based annual incentive, performance based long term incentive and time vested RSUs). The HEI Compensation & Human Capital Management Committee may decide that an executive s compensation opportunity should be higher or lower in relation to peers based on considerations including internal equity, the executive s level of responsibility, experience, expertise and past performance, as well as retention and succession objectives. 
 Comparative market data used in setting 2022 executive pay consisted of information from public company proxy statements for peer group companies and the Willis Towers Watson Energy Services Survey. 
 Peer groups . The HEI Compensation & Human Capital Management Committee annually reviews the peer groups used in benchmarking for Hawaiian Electric executive compensation, with analysis and recommendations provided by FW Cook. For 2022 compensation, the Committee determined, with input from FW Cook, that certain changes to Hawaiian Electric s 2022 peer group were appropriate. The selection criteria and resulting 2022 Hawaiian Electric peer group is set forth below. 
 Hawaiian Electric 2022 Peer Group (applies to all Hawaiian Electric named executive officers) 
 Selection Criteria 
 Electric utilities with primarily regulated operations 
 Revenue balanced in a range of approximately 0.4x to 2.5x Hawaiian Electric s revenue 
 Market cap and location as secondary considerations 
 Peer Group for 2022 Compensation 
 ALLETE, Inc. Alliant Energy Corp. Avista Corp. Black Hills Corp. Evergy, Inc. IDACORP, Inc. MDU Resources Group Inc. NiSource Inc. Northwestern Corp OGE Energy Corp. Pinnacle West Capital Corp. PNM Resources Inc. Portland General Electric 
 Relationship between compensation programs and risk management 
 Hawaiian Electric s compensation policies and practices are designed to encourage executives to build value for all stakeholders, including shareholders, customers and employees, and to discourage decisions that introduce inappropriate risks. 
 Hawaiian Electric s Enterprise Risk Management (ERM) function is principally responsible for identifying and monitoring risk at Hawaiian Electric and its subsidiaries, and for reporting on high risk areas to the Hawaiian Electric Board and Hawaiian Electric Audit & Risk Committee. Hawaiian Electric s ERM function is part of HEI s overall ERM function, which is responsible for identifying and monitoring risk throughout the HEI companies and for reporting on areas of significant risk to the HEI Board and designated board committees. As a result, all Hawaiian Electric and HEI directors, including those who serve on or are representatives to the HEI Compensation & Human Capital Management Committee, are apprised of risks that could have a material adverse effect on Hawaiian Electric. 
 Risk assessment . On an annual basis, the HEI Compensation & Human Capital Management Committee and its independent compensation consultant review a risk assessment of compensation programs in place at Hawaiian Electric and its subsidiaries, which is updated annually by the Hawaiian Electric and HEI ERM function. Based on its review of the risk assessment of compensation programs in place in 2022 and consultation with FW Cook, the HEI Compensation & Human Capital Management Committee believes that Hawaiian Electric's compensation plans do not encourage risk taking that is reasonably likely to have a material adverse effect on Hawaiian Electric. 
 Risk mitigation features of compensation programs . Hawaiian Electric s compensation programs incorporate the following features to promote prudent decision-making and guard against excessive risk 
 Financial performance objectives for the annual incentive program are linked to Board-approved budget guidelines, and nonfinancial measures (such as customer satisfaction, reliability and safety) are aligned with the interests of all Hawaiian Electric stakeholders. 
 12 

An executive compensation recovery policy (clawback policy) permits recoupment of performance-based compensation paid to executives found personally responsible for fraud, gross negligence or intentional misconduct that causes a significant restatement of Hawaiian Electric s financial statements. 
 Annual and long-term incentive awards are capped at maximum performance levels. 
 Financial opportunities under long-term incentives are greater than those under annual incentives, emphasizing the importance of long-term outcomes. 
 Share ownership and retention guidelines requiring named executive officers to hold certain amounts of HEI Common Stock ensure that Hawaiian Electric s named executive officers have a substantial personal stake in the long-term performance of Hawaiian Electric and HEI. The guidelines specific to the named executive officers are discussed below under Share ownership and retention are required throughout employment with the Company. 
 Long-term incentive payouts are 100 equity-based, so executives share in the same upside potential and downside risk as all HEI shareholders. 
 Annual grants of RSUs and long-term incentives vest over a period of years to encourage sustained performance and executive retention. 
 Performance-based plans use a variety of financial metrics (e.g., net income, return on average common equity) and nonfinancial performance metrics (e.g., customer satisfaction, reliability and safety) that correlate with long-term value creation for all stakeholders and are impacted by management decisions. 
 The Hawaiian Electric Board and HEI Compensation & Human Capital Management Committee continuously monitor risks faced by the enterprise, including through management presentations at quarterly meetings and through periodic written reports from management. 
 Share ownership and retention are required throughout employment with the Company 
 Hawaiian Electric named executive officers are required to own and retain HEI Common Stock throughout employment with the Company. Each officer subject to the requirements has until January 1 of the year following the fifth anniversary of the later of (i) any amendment to his or her required level of stock ownership or (ii) first becoming subject to the requirements, to reach the following ownership levels Position Value of Stock to be Owned Hawaiian Electric President and CEO 
 2x base salary 
 Other Named Executive Officers 
 1x base salary 
 
 As of the date of this report, all of the Company s named executive officers have either met their stock ownership requirement or have not yet reached their stock ownership compliance deadline. 
 Until reaching the applicable stock ownership requirement, officers subject to the requirements must retain 50 of shares received in payout under the LTIP (net of any shares withheld for taxes) and 50 of shares received through the vesting of RSUs (net of any shares withheld for taxes). The HEI Compensation & Human Capital Management Committee has the authority to approve hardship exceptions to these retention requirements. 
 13 

2022 compensation elements and pay decisions 
 Elements and objectives 
 The total compensation program for named executive officers is made up of the five standard components summarized below. Each component fulfills important objectives that reflect our focus on pay for performance, competitive programs to attract and retain talented executives and aligning executive decisions with the interests of all stakeholders. These elements are described in further detail in the pages that follow. 
 Compensation element Summary Objectives Base Salary Fixed level of cash compensation set in reference to peer group median (may vary based on performance, experience, responsibilities, expertise and other factors). Attract and retain talented executives by providing competitive fixed cash compensation. Annual Performance-Based Incentives Variable cash award based on achievement of pre-set performance goals for the year. Award opportunity is determined as a percentage of base salary. Performance below threshold levels yields no incentive payment. Drive achievement of key business results linked to short-term and long-term strategy and reward executives for their contributions to such results. Balance compensation cost and return by paying awards based on performance. Long-Term Performance-Based Incentives Variable equity award based on meeting pre-set performance objectives over a 3-year period. Award opportunity is determined as a percentage of base salary. Performance below threshold levels yields no incentive payment. Motivate executives and align their interests with those of all stakeholders by promoting long-term value growth and by paying awards in the form of equity. Balance compensation cost and return by paying awards based on performance. Annual Restricted Stock Unit (RSU) Grant Annual equity grants in the form of RSUs that vest in equal installments over 3 years (beginning with grants made in 2021). Amount of grant is determined as a percentage of base salary. Promote alignment of executive and shareholder interests by ensuring executives have significant ownership of HEI Common Stock. Retain talented leaders through multi-year vesting. Benefits Includes defined benefit pension plans and defined contribution plan, deferred compensation plans, double-trigger change-in-control agreements minimal perquisites and an executive death benefit plan (frozen since 2009). Enhance total compensation with meaningful and competitive benefits that promote retention and peace of mind and contribute to financial security. Double-trigger change-in-control agreements encourage focused attention of executives during major corporate transitions. 
 Changes to elements in 2022 
 On an annual basis, the HEI Compensation & Human Capital Management Committee reviews and recommends for Hawaiian Electric Board approval, each named executive officer s target compensation opportunity, which is composed of base salary, target annual cash and target long-term equity opportunities. Target annual cash and target long-term equity incentive opportunities are established, in each case, as a percentage of base salary. 
 The HEI Compensation & Human Capital Management Committee recommended, and the Hawaiian Electric Board approved, changes to compensation for 2022, as shown in the table below. Base Salary 1 
 ) 
 Performance-Based Annual Incentive 
 (Target Opportunity 2 as of Base Salary) 
 Performance-Based Long-term Incentive 
 (Target Opportunity 2 as of Base Salary) 
 Restricted Stock Units (Grant Value as of Base Salary) Name 2021 2022 
 2021 2022 2021-23 2022-24 2021 2022 Shelee M. T. Kimura 292,000 450,000 50 75 61 90 35 85 3 
 Tayne S. Y. Sekimura 385,000 397,500 55 same 67 50 35 same Jimmy D. Alberts 307,600 350,000 50 same 61 45 35 same Jason E. Benn 4 
 284,375 307,500 50 same 51 45 35 same Colton K. Ching 290,683 315,000 50 same 61 45 35 same 
 1 Base salary increases for 2021 for Messrs. Alberts and Ching became effective as of March 1, 2021. Base salary increases for 2022 for Ms. Sekimura and Mr. Benn became effective as of March 1, 2022. Base salaries that became effective March 1, 2021 and 2022 are prorated amounts to include two months of 2020 and 2021 base salary, respectively, and ten months of 2021 and 2022 base salary, respectively. Mr. Benn s 2021 base salary increase became effective upon his promotion to Senior Vice President and Chief Information Officer on August 16, 2021. Accordingly, Mr. Benn s 2021 base salary is prorated to include seven and one-half months of his base salary before his promotion, and four and one-half months after. 
 2 The threshold and maximum opportunities are 0.5 times target and 2 times target, respectively. 
 3 Includes special grant of 25 of base salary in 2022 in connection with Ms. Kimura s promotion to President and CEO. 
 4 Mr. Benn s 2021 target opportunities are based upon his promotion to Senior Vice President, Chief Information Officer effective August 16, 2021 and are prorated for service over the respective award periods. 
 14 

Base salary 
 Base salaries for Hawaiian Electric named executive officers are reviewed and determined annually. In establishing its base salaries for the year, the HEI Compensation & Human Capital Management Committee considers competitive market data, internal equity and each executive s level of responsibility, experience, expertise and performance, as well as retention and succession considerations. The Committee considers the competitive median as a reference point in setting base salaries, but may determine that the foregoing factors justify a higher or lower salary. 
 For 2022, Mr. Ching received a base salary increase to recognize his performance and to maintain the market competitiveness of his pay. Ms. Kimura received a base salary increase in connection with her promotion to President and CEO in 2022. Mr. Alberts received a base salary increase in connection with his promotion to Senior Vice President and Chief Operations Officer. The resulting 2022 base salaries are shown in the table above. 
 Annual incentives 
 Hawaiian Electric named executive officers and other executives are eligible to earn an annual cash incentive award under the HEI Executive Incentive Compensation Plan (EICP) based on the achievement of performance goals for the year. Each year, the HEI Compensation & Human Capital Management Committee determines or recommends, and the Hawaiian Electric Board ratifies or approves, as applicable, the target annual incentive opportunity for each named executive officer, performance metrics and the applicable goals. 
 2022 target annual incentive opportunity . The target annual incentive opportunity is determined as a percentage of base salary, with the threshold and maximum opportunities equal to 0.5 times and 2 times the target opportunity, respectively. In establishing the target percentage for each executive, the HEI Compensation & Human Capital Management Committee takes into account the mix of pay elements, competitive market data, internal equity, prior performance and other factors described above under Base salary. 
 The 2022 target annual incentive opportunities for the named executive officers are shown in the table above. For 2022, the HEI Compensation & Human Capital Management Committee recommended, and the Hawaiian Electric Board approved, increasing Ms. Kimura s 2022 target opportunity in connection with her promotion to President and Chief Executive Officer of the Company effective January 1, 2022, and keeping the 2022 target opportunity the same for each of the other named executive officers. 
 2022 performance metrics, goals and results . The performance metrics for annual incentives are chosen because they connect directly to Hawaiian Electric s strategic priorities and correlate with creating long-term value for all stakeholders, including shareholders, customers and employees. The 2022 metrics promote a strengthened financial condition, more reliable systems, safer workplaces, greater customer satisfaction, strategic workforce planning, diversity, equity and inclusion and progress toward the decarbonization of Hawaii. 
 In addition to selecting performance metrics, the HEI Compensation & Human Capital Management Committee determines, and the Hawaiian Electric Board ratifies, the level of performance required to attain the threshold, target and maximum goal for each metric. The level of difficulty of the goals reflects the Committee s and the Board s belief that incentive pay should be motivational that is, the goals should be challenging but achievable and that such pay should be balanced with reinvestment in the Company and return to shareholders. Consistent with this approach, the HEI Compensation & Human Capital Management Committee and Hawaiian Electric Board believe the threshold should represent solid performance with positive financial operating results, target should denote challenging but achievable goals and maximum should signify exceptional performance. 
 The target level for financial goals, such as net income, is generally set at the level of the Board-approved budget, which represents the level of performance Hawaiian Electric seeks to achieve for the year. In setting the threshold and maximum levels, the Committee and Board consider whether the risks to accomplishing the budget weigh more heavily toward the downside and how challenging it would be to achieve incremental improvements over the target level. 
 15 

The table below identifies the 2022 annual incentive metrics, the objective each measure serves, the level of achievement required to attain the threshold, target and maximum levels for each metric and the results for 2022. 2022 Annual Incentive Performance Metrics & Why We Use Them 
 Weight- ing Goals Threshold Target Maximum Result Consolidated Net Income 1 focuses on fundamental earnings 
 40 174.3M 193.7M 203.4M 188.9M Consolidated Customer Satisfaction 2 focuses on improving the customer experience through all points of contact with the utility 
 15 Consolidated score of 76 or a benchmark of 60th percentile in 2 of 4 quarters Consolidated score of 76 or a benchmark of 60th percentile in 3 of 4 quarters Consolidated score of 76 or a benchmark of 60th percentile in 4 of 4 quarters Below Threshold Consolidated Reliability System Average Interruption Duration Index (SAIDI) 3 promotes system reliability for customers 
 5 127 minutes and Reliability SAIDI PIM penalty 340,000 or less 111 minutes and no Reliability SAIDI PIM penalty 96 minutes and no Reliability SAIDI PIM penalty 119 minutes and Reliability SAIDI PIM penalty 79,000 Consolidated Reliability System Average Interruption Frequency Index (SAIFI) 3 promotes system reliability for customers 
 5 1.34 interruptions and Reliability SAIFI PIM penalty 340,000 or less 1.21 interruptions and no Reliability SAIFI PIM penalty 1.08 interruptions and no Reliability SAIFI PIM penalty 1.06 interruptions and no Reliability SAIFI PIM penalty Consolidated Safety Total Cases Incident Rate (TCIR) 4 rewards improvements in workplace safety, promoting employee well-being and reducing expense 
 7.5 1.37 TCIR 1.03 TCIR 0.92 TCIR 1.61 TCIR Consolidated Safety Severity Rate 4 rewards improvements in workplace safety, promoting employee well-being and reducing expense 
 7.5 18.53 16.00 13.46 37.11 Consolidated Human Capital Management (HCM) Strategic Workforce Planning 5 rewards strategic workforce supply and demand assessment and development of effective people strategies 
 5 Create strategic workforce plans for 1 strategic initiative and for each of the 4 strategic workforce plans that were created in 2021, complete 70 of the action items that have target completion dates in 2022 Create strategic workforce plans for 2 strategic initiatives and for each of the 4 strategic workforce plans that were created in 2021, complete 80 of the action items that have target completion dates in 2022 Create strategic workforce plans for 3 strategic initiatives and for each of the 4 strategic workforce plans that were created in 2021, complete 90 of the action items that have target completion dates in 2022 Maximum Consolidated Human Capital Management (HCM) Diversity Equity & Inclusion (DEI) 5 promotes awareness and removal of barriers to equity and inclusion in the workplace 
 5 80 of employees participate in a minimum of one qualifying DEI activity 90 of employees participate in a minimum of one qualifying DEI activity 99 of employees participate in a minimum of one qualifying DEI activity 100 of employees participate in a minimum of one qualifying DEI activity Utility Decarbonization Renewable Portfolio Standard (RPS) 6 promotes increased sales of energy derived from renewable sources 
 5 39.0 40.0 41.0 39.1 Utility Decarbonization Electrification 6 promotes the decarbonization of Hawaii through improved electric vehicle charging infrastructure 
 5 1. Launch eBus Make Ready Pilot within 30 days of PUC acceptance or approval of Pilot Final Program Design Report and 
 2. Commission 7 new fast chargers at 4 new sites 
 Achieve the Threshold, plus 1. Complete design and construction of infrastructure to support 2 additional new fast chargers at 2 existing sites Achieve the Target, plus 1. Complete design and construction of infrastructure to support 2 additional new fast chargers at 2 existing sites and 2. If approved by PUC, launch Commercial Make Ready Pilot within 30 days of final authority to do so Threshold 
 1 Consolidated Net Income represents Hawaiian Electric s consolidated GAAP net income for 2022. 
 2 Consolidated Customer Satisfaction is based on quarterly results of customer surveys conducted by an outside vendor. 
 16 

3 Consolidated Reliability SAIDI is measured by the average outage duration for each customer served, exclusive of catastrophic events and outages caused by independent power producers, over whose plant maintenance and reliability the Utility has limited real-time control. 
 Consolidated Reliability SAIFI measures how often the average customer experiences a sustained interruption during the year. The metric is based upon a weighted consolidation of T&D caused outages for all three utilities, normalized for major events. Normalization is based on exclusion of Major Event Days (MEDs) according to the industry-standard IEEE 1366 Beta methodology for each island. 
 The consolidated annual SAIDI and SAIFI goals are calculated using the same methodology as the Performance Incentive Mechanism (PIM) approved by the PUC for each company and consolidated for incentive program purposes. 
 4 Consolidated Safety TCIR is a standard measure of employee safety. TCIR equals the number of Occupational Safety and Health Administration (OSHA) recordable cases as of 12 31 22 200,000 productive hours divided by productive hours for the year. Lower TCIR scores reflect better safety performance. 
 For 2022, OSHA included Covid-19 close contacts in its count of recordable cases. However, the Company established and administered the 2022 TCIR metric without regard to such Covid-19 close contacts. Accordingly, the TCIR metrics and achievement levels for 2022 reflect targets and performance that were determined without such contacts taken into account. 
 Consolidated Safety Severity Rate is a measure of the significance of the safety incidents a company experienced based on the number of lost workdays incurred. Lost workdays occur when an occupational injury or illness prevents an employee from working a full, assigned work shift. Severity rate is calculated by taking the number of days away from work due to a workplace injury (maximum of 180 days) multiplied by 200,000 and divided by the number of hours worked by all employees. 
 5 Consolidated HCM measures advancement in two areas (i) strategic workforce planning, based on progress towards completion of strategic initiatives and workforce plans created in 2021, and (ii) DEI based on the percentage of employees that participate in qualifying DEI activities. 
 6 Utility Decarbonization measures advancement in two areas (i) RPS, based on the amount of electrical energy sales attributable to renewable energy in relation to the total diversified energy resource mix, and (ii) electrification, based on progress towards the design and construction of electric vehicle charging infrastructure. F or all EICP participants, the Compensation & Human Capital Management Committee determined it was appropriate to adjust the electric vehicle charging station threshold target under the EICP from seven to six in consideration of supply chain disruption that prevented the Company from securing the equipment needed to achieve that performance before year end. Although the Company had timely ordered adequate equipment, the supplier did not deliver amounts necessary to both equip new charging stations and service existing stations, and the Company elected to prioritize servicing existing charging stations to support current community needs, notwithstanding that it would have an adverse effect on EICP performance. 
 
 Based on the level of performance achieved and shown in the table above, in early 2023, the HEI Compensation & Human Capital Management Committee approved, and the Hawaiian Electric Board ratified, the following 2022 annual incentive payouts. The payout amounts are included in the 2022 Summary Compensation Table below in the Nonequity Incentive Plan Compensation column. The range of possible annual incentive payouts for 2022 is shown below in the 2022 Grants of Plan-Based Awards table. 
 Name 2022 Annual Incentive Payout 
 Shelee M. T. Kimura 249,909 Tayne S. Y. Sekimura 161,923 Jimmy D. Alberts 129,571 Jason E. Benn 113,837 Colton K. Ching 116,613 
 Long-term incentives 
 Long-term incentives include performance-based opportunities under the Long-Term Incentive Plan (LTIP), which are based on achievement of performance goals over rolling three-year periods, and time-based RSUs, which vest over a three-year period for RSUs granted in 2021 and 2022, and over a four-year period for RSUs granted prior to 2021. The performance-based LTIP represents the majority of each named executive officer s total long-term incentive opportunity. These incentives are designed to reward executives for creating long-term value that benefits all stakeholders, including customers and shareholders. 
 Long-term performance-based incentives 
 The three-year performance periods for long-term performance-based incentives foster a long-term perspective and provide balance with the shorter-term focus of the annual incentive program. In addition, the overlapping three-year performance periods encourage sustained high levels of performance because at any one time, three separate potential awards are at risk. 
 Similar to the annual incentives, in developing long-term incentives, the HEI Compensation & Human Capital Management Committee approves, and the Hawaiian Electric Board ratifies, the target incentive opportunity for each named executive officer and performance metrics and goals for the three-year period. 
 17 

2022-24 long-term incentive plan 
 2022-24 target long-term incentive opportunity. As with the annual incentives, the target long-term incentive opportunity is established as a percentage of base salary, with the threshold and maximum opportunities equal to 0.5 times and 2 times the target opportunity, respectively. In establishing the target percentage for each executive, the HEI Compensation & Human Capital Management Committee considers the mix of pay elements, competitive market data, internal equity, performance and the other factors described above under Base salary. 
 For the 2021-23 long-term incentive opportunity, the HEI Compensation & Human Capital Management Committee recommended, and the Hawaiian Electric Board approved, increases to the 2021-23 LTIP target opportunities which increase was applied primarily to the LTIP, which is 100 performance based. For the 2022-24 LTIP, in consideration of its review of the market data for each position and the retention and incentive value of the overall long-term incentive program, the HEI Compensation & Human Capital Management Committee recommended, and the Hawaiian Electric Board approved, restoring the target opportunities that were in place for the 2020-22 LTIP, resulting in decreases to the 2022-24 LTIP opportunity for all of the named executive officers except Ms. Kimura, who received an increase to her LTIP target opportunity in connection with her promotion to President and CEO of the Company. See the table above under the heading Changes to elements in 2022 for the resulting 2022-24 target opportunities. 
 2022-24 performance metrics and goals . The performance metrics for long-term incentives are chosen for their relationship with the creation of long-term value and alignment with Hawaiian Electric s multi-year strategic plans. 
 In addition to selecting performance metrics, the HEI Compensation & Human Capital Management Committee establishes, and the Hawaiian Electric Board ratifies, the level of achievement required to attain threshold, target and maximum performance for each metric. The same principles that the HEI Compensation & Human Capital Management Committee applies to annual incentive goals apply to long-term incentive goals. As such, the level of difficulty of the goals reflects the Committee s and the Board s belief that incentive pay should be motivational that is, the goals should be challenging but achievable and that such pay should be balanced with reinvestment in the Company and return to shareholders. Consistent with this approach, the Committee and Board believe threshold should represent solid performance with positive financial operating results, target should denote challenging but achievable goals and maximum should signify exceptional performance. 
 The target level for financial goals, such as ROACE, relate to the levels Hawaiian Electric seeks to achieve over the performance period. In setting the threshold and maximum levels, the Committee and Board consider whether the risks to accomplishing those levels weigh more heavily toward the downside and how challenging it would be to achieve incremental improvements over the target result. For the 2022-24 period, the Committee established, and the Hawaiian Electric Board ratified, the metrics and weightings in the following table. 
 2022-24 Long-Term Incentive 
 Performance Metrics & Why We Use Them Weighting Hawaiian Electric 3-year Average Annual Net Income Growth 1 promotes shareholder value by focusing on net income growth based on the years included in the plan. 
 30 Hawaiian Electric 3-year Average ROACE 2 promotes profitability based on net income returned as a of average common equity. 
 30 Hawaiian Electric Carbon Emissions (CO2e) Reduction 3 promotes reduction of carbon dioxide equivalent emissions from power generation. 
 20 HEI Relative TSR 4 compares the value created for HEI shareholders to that created by other investor-owned electric companies (EEI Index). 
 20 
 1 Hawaiian Electric 3-year Average Annual Net Income Growth is calculated by taking the sum of each full calendar year s (2022, 2023 and 2024, respectively) net income percentage growth over the EPS of the prior year and dividing that sum by three. 
 2 Hawaiian Electric 3-year Average ROACE is calculated by taking the sum of Hawaiian Electric's consolidated ROACE for each year during the period and dividing that sum by 3. Consolidated ROACE is calculated by taking each year's GAAP consolidated net income (as adjusted for any permitted adjustments) divided by average common equity, which is calculated by taking the sum of beginning of year common equity plus end of year common equity and dividing the sum by two. 
 3 Hawaiian Electric CO2e Reduction measures the reduction of CO2 equivalent emissions from power generation compared against 2005 levels. 
 4 HEI Relative TSR compares HEI s TSR to that of the companies in the Edison Electric Institute (EEI) Index (see Appendix A). For LTIP purposes, TSR is the sum of the growth in price per share of HEI Common Stock as measured at the beginning of the performance period to the end, calculated using the share price on the last trading day of December at the end of the performance period, plus dividends during the period, assuming reinvestment, divided by the share price on the last trading day of December immediately prior to the beginning of the performance period. 
 18 

The Company believes that all Hawaiian Electric stakeholders benefit when the above goals are met. Achievement of these goals makes Hawaiian Electric and HEI stronger financially, enabling Hawaiian Electric and HEI to raise capital at favorable rates for reinvestment in the Utilities and supporting shareholder dividends. From a historical perspective, long-term incentive payouts are not easy to achieve, nor are they guaranteed. Strong leadership on the part of the named executive officers will be needed to achieve the long-term objectives required for them to earn the incentive payouts. 
 2020-22 long-term incentive plan . The Hawaiian Electric Board and HEI Compensation & Human Capital Management Committee established the 2020-22 long-term incentive opportunities, performance metrics and goals in February 2020. Those decisions were described in the Hawaiian Electric Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2020 and are summarized again below to provide context for the results and payouts for the 2020-22 period. 
 2020-22 target long-term incentive opportunity. In February 2020, the HEI Compensation & Human Capital Management Committee established, and the Hawaiian Electric Board ratified, the following 2020-22 target incentive opportunities as a percentage of named executive officer base salary. 
 Name 2020-22 Target Opportunity 
 (as of Base Salary) 
 Shelee M. T. Kimura 45 Tayne S. Y. Sekimura 50 Jimmy D. Alberts 45 Jason E. Benn 20 Colton K. Ching 45 
 The threshold and maximum opportunities were 0.5 times the target opportunity and 2 times the target opportunity, respectively. 
 2020-22 performance metrics, goals and results . The HEI Compensation & Human Capital Management Committee established, and the Hawaiian Electric Board approved, the 2020-22 performance metrics and goals below in February 2020. The performance metrics were selected for their correlation with sustained growth and value and alignment with Hawaiian Electric s multi-year strategic plans. The table below identifies the 2020-22 LTIP metrics, the objective each measure serves, the level of achievement required to attain the threshold, target and maximum levels for each metric and the results for 2020-22. 
 The results shown below may exclude the impact of unusual events that affected Hawaiian Electric during the 2020-22 period that, pursuant to the terms of the plans, the HEI Compensation & Human Capital Management Committee determined it appropriate to exclude. Any such adjustments are described below under Non-GAAP Net Income Metrics - 2020-22 LTIP. 
 2020-22 Long-Term Incentive 
 Goals 
 Performance Metrics & Why We Use Them 
 Weighting 
 Threshold 
 Target 
 Maximum 
 Result 
 Hawaiian Electric 3-year Average Annual Net Income Growth 1 promotes shareholder value by focusing on net income growth based on the years included in the plan. 
 30 4.5 5.5 7.0 6.4 3-year ROACE as a of Allowed Return 2 measures Hawaiian Electric s performance in attaining the level of ROACE it is permitted to earn by its regulator. The focus on ROACE encourages improved return compared to the cost of capital. 
 30 83 85 88 85 Renewable Portfolio Standards 3 (RPS) measures Hawaiian Electric s progress towards meeting the State of Hawaii s RPS targets for increased production of energy from renewable energy sources. 
 20 32.0 40.0 50.0 39.1 HEI Relative TSR 4 compares the value created for HEI shareholders to that created by other investor-owned electric companies (EEI Index). 
 20 30th 
 percentile 
 50th 
 percentile 
 70th 
 percentile 
 29th 
 percentile 
 
 1 Hawaiian Electric 3-year Average Annual Net Income Growth is calculated by taking the sum of each full calendar year's (2020, 2021 and 2022, respectively) net income percentage growth over the net income of the prior year and dividing that sum by three. 
 2 3-year ROACE as a percentage of Allowed Return is Hawaiian Electric s consolidated average ROACE for the performance period compared to the weighted average of the allowed ROACE for Hawaiian Electric, Maui Electric and Hawaii Electric Light as determined by the PUC for the same period. 
 3 Renewable Portfolio Standards measures Hawaiian Electric s percentage of electric energy sales that is represented by renewable electrical energy created to diversify its energy resource mix. The State of Hawaii s RPS targets are 30 by 2020, 40 by 2030, 70 by 2040 and 100 by 2045. 
 19 

4 HEI Relative TSR compares HEI s TSR to that of the companies in the Edison Electric Institute (EEI) Index. For LTIP purposes, TSR is the sum of the growth in price per share of HEI Common Stock as measured at the beginning of the performance period to the end, calculated using the share price on the last trading day of December at the end of the performance period, plus dividends during the period, assuming reinvestment, divided by the share price on the last trading day of December immediately prior to the beginning of the performance period. 
 Based on the level of performance achieved above, in early 2023 the HEI Compensation & Human Capital Management Committee approved and the Hawaiian Electric Board ratified the 2020-22 long-term incentive payouts shown below. Dividend equivalent shares accrued during the period on the number of shares earned and were paid along with the shares, as shown below. The payouts are also shown below in the 2022 Option Exercises and Stock Vested table. 
 Name Payout (Shares) Dividend Equivalent (DE) Shares Total (Payout plus DE Shares) Shelee M. T. Kimura 2,507 266 2,773 Tayne S. Y. Sekimura 3,854 409 4,263 Jimmy D. Alberts 2,664 282 2,946 Jason E. Benn 1,096 116 1,212 Colton K. Ching 2,560 271 2,831 
 Non-GAAP Net Income Metrics - 2020-22 LTIP . The HEI Compensation & Human Capital Management Committee makes adjustments to performance results with caution and only in circumstances that are unforeseen and or unique or extraordinary. The Committee recognizes that Hawaiian Electric is heavily regulated and external forces can impact incentive plans significantly. The Committee is mindful of only considering adjustments that are warranted and will also serve the long-term interests of the Company s stakeholders. The HEI Compensation & Human Capital Management Committee did not make any adjustments to performance results during the 2020-22 LTIP performance period. 
 2021-23 long-term incentive plan . Hawaiian Electric s 2021-23 long-term incentive plan is described on pages 17-18 of Exhibit 99.1 to its Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2021. 
 Restricted Stock Units (RSUs) 
 Hawaiian Electric named executive officers are eligible to receive annual equity-based grants in the form of RSUs that vest over a period of years. Beginning with grants made in 2021, RSUs vest over a three-year period, with RSUs granted prior to 2021 vesting over a four-year period. RSUs offer executives the opportunity to receive shares of HEI Common Stock when the restrictions lapse, generally subject to continued employment with the Company through vesting. The value of the annual RSU grant is a percentage of the executive s base salary as shown in the table above. These awards are designed to focus executives on creating long-term value for shareholders and other stakeholders. Since they take three or four years, as applicable, to fully vest, the RSUs also are designed to promote retention. The RSUs vest and convert to shares of HEI Common Stock in three or four (as applicable) equal annual installments beginning one year from the date of grant (plus compounded dividend equivalent shares on the installment that vested in such year). The 2022 RSU grants are set forth below in the 2022 Grants of Plan-Based Awards table. 
 Benefits 
 Retirement . Hawaiian Electric provides retirement benefits to named executive officers to promote financial security in recognition of years of service and to attract and retain high-quality leaders. 
 Hawaiian Electric employees, including named executive officers, are eligible to participate in the HEI Retirement Plan, which is a tax-qualified defined benefit pension plan, and to save for retirement on a tax-deferred (or Roth) basis through HEI s Retirement Savings Plan, a tax-qualified defined contribution 401(k) plan, which does not provide non-elective employer contributions for any participants and does not provide matching contributions for participants who joined the Company before May 1, 2011. In 2011, HEI amended the HEI Retirement Plan and HEI Retirement Savings Plan to create a new benefit structure for employees hired on or after May 1, 2011. Employees covered by the new benefit structure receive a reduced pension benefit under the HEI Retirement Plan, but are eligible for limited matching contributions under the HEI Retirement Savings Plan. These changes were intended to lower the cost of pension benefits over the long term. Mr. Alberts joined the Company after May 1, 2011 and is eligible to receive matching contributions under the amended HEI Retirement Savings Plan. The other named executive officers are not eligible for and did not receive matching contributions under that plan, since they joined the Company prior to May 1, 2011. The HEI Retirement Plan was further amended in January 2022, with amendments affecting employees hired after January 1, 2022. None of the named executive officers was impacted by the 2022 amendments. 
 Additional retirement benefits that cannot be paid from the HEI Retirement Plan due to Internal Revenue Code limits are provided to Hawaiian Electric named executive officers and other executives through the nonqualified HEI Excess Pay Plan. 
 20 

Benefits under the HEI Excess Pay Plan are determined using the same formula as the HEI Retirement Plan, but are not subject to the Internal Revenue Code limits on the amount of annual compensation that can be used for calculating benefits under qualified retirement plans and on the amount of annual benefits that can be paid from qualified retirement plans. This allows those participating in the HEI Excess Pay Plan a total retirement benefit at the same general percentage of final average pay afforded to other employees under the HEI Retirement Plan. In 2022, all Hawaiian Electric named executive officers participated in the HEI Excess Pay Plan. Retirement benefits are discussed in further detail below in the 2022 Pension Benefits table and related notes. 
 Deferred compensation plans . Hawaiian Electric provides named executive officers and other executives the opportunity to participate in plans that allow them to defer compensation and the resulting tax liability. Hawaiian Electric named executive officers and directors may participate in the HEI Deferred Compensation Plan, a nonqualified deferred compensation plan implemented in 2011 and amended and restated effective January 1, 2019 , that allows the deferral of portions of the participants cash compensation, with certain limitations, and provides investment opportunities that are substantially similar to those available under the HEI Retirement Savings Plan. In 2022, there were no matching or other employer contributions under the HEI Deferred Compensation Plan for employees of Hawaiian Electric. Hawaiian Electric named executive officers are also eligible to defer payment of annual and long-term incentive awards and the resulting tax liability under a prior HEI nonqualified deferred compensation plan, although no named executive officer deferred compensation under that plan in 2022. Deferred compensation benefits are discussed in further detail below in the 2022 Nonqualified Deferred Compensation table and related notes. 
 Executive Death Benefit Plan (frozen since 2009) . In September 2009, HEI froze the Executive Death Benefit Plan of HEI and Participating Subsidiaries, which provides death benefits to an executive s beneficiaries following the executive s death while employed or after retirement. As part of the freeze, HEI closed the plan to new participants and ceased all benefit accruals for current participants (i.e., there will be no increase in death benefits due to salary increases after September 9, 2009). Under contracts with Executive Death Benefit Plan participants in effect before September 2009, the death benefits were grossed up for tax purposes. This treatment was considered appropriate because the executive death benefit is a form of life insurance, and historically life insurance proceeds have been excluded from income for federal tax purposes. Ms. Sekimura and Mr. Ching are covered under the Executive Death Benefit Plan. Ms. Kimura and Messrs. Alberts and Benn are not covered under the plan because they joined the Company or were not executive officers until after the plan was frozen. Death benefits are discussed in further detail below in the 2022 Pension Benefits table and related notes. 
 Double-trigger change-in-control agreements . The HEI Compensation & Human Capital Management Committee and Hawaiian Electric Board consider change in control agreements to be an appropriate tool to recruit executives as an expected part of their compensation package to encourage the continued attention of key executives to the performance of their duties without distraction in the event of a potential change in control and to assist in retaining key executives. Change in control agreements can protect against executive flight during a transaction when key executives might, in the absence of the agreement, leave the Company and accept employment elsewhere. As of December 31, 2022, only Ms. Kimura had a change in control agreement. 
 Change in control agreements are double trigger, which means that they provide for cash severance and other benefits only upon a qualifying termination of the executives employment following a change in control. In determining the amount an executive is eligible to receive in such an event, the HEI Compensation & Human Capital Management Committee takes into account the executive s expected role in a potential transaction, value to the organization and internal equity. The agreement approved by the HEI Compensation & Human Capital Management Committee for Ms. Kimura provides for a cash lump sum payment of two times her base salary plus annual incentive. The annual incentive pay used in calculating the severance payment is the greater of the current annual incentive target or the largest actual annual incentive payout during the preceding three fiscal years. Aggregate payments under change-in-control agreements are limited to the maximum amount deductible under Section 280G of the Internal Revenue Code and there are no tax gross ups with respect to payments under these agreements. Payment of the severance benefits is conditioned on the Company receiving a release of claims by the applicable executive. 
 Change in control agreements have initial terms of two years and automatically renew for an additional year on each anniversary unless 90 days notice of nonrenewal is provided by either party, so that the protected period is at least one year upon nonrenewal. The agreements remain in effect for two years following a change in control. The agreements define a change in control generally as a change in ownership of HEI, a substantial change in the voting power of HEI s securities or a change in the majority of the composition of the Board following consummation of a merger, tender offer or similar transaction. Change in control benefits are discussed in further detail in the Potential Payments Upon Termination or Change in Control section and related notes. 
 Minimal perquisites . Hawaiian Electric provides minimal other compensation to the named executive officers in the form of perquisites because such items are commonly provided to business executives in Hawaii, such as club memberships primarily for the purpose of business entertainment, or are necessary to recruit executives, such as relocation expenses or extra weeks of vacation. Hawaiian Electric may, from time to time, reimburse for reasonable business-related expenses. In 2022, the 
 21 

Company paid club membership dues for all named executive officers for the primary purpose of business entertainment expected of executives in their positions. In 2022, Mr. Alberts received one more week of vacation annually than other employees with similar length of service typically receive. For further description of perquisites, see footnote 5 to the 2022 Summary Compensation Table below. 
 Elimination of most tax gross-ups . Hawaiian Electric has eliminated nearly all tax gross-ups. There are no tax gross-ups on club membership initiation fees or membership dues, or in the change-in-control agreements for the named executive officer who has such an agreement. As discussed under Executive Death Benefit Plan above, tax gross ups of death benefits only apply to executives who participated in the Executive Death Benefit Plan before it was frozen in 2009. 
 Additional policies and information 
 Prohibition on hedging and pledging 
 HEI s Insider Trading Policy, among other prohibitions, prohibits all directors, officers and employees of HEI and its subsidiaries (as well as the spouses, minor children, adult family members sharing the same household and any other person for whom the director, officer or employee exercises substantial control over such person s securities trading decisions) from holding such securities in margin accounts or pledging such securities or engaging directly or indirectly in transactions that hedge or offset, or are designed to hedge or offset, any decrease in the market value of HEI s securities. Hedging transactions include (but are not limited to) collars, equity swaps, exchange funds and prepaid variable forward sale contracts. 
 Executive Compensation Clawback Policy 
 HEI has an executive compensation clawback policy that applies to any performance-based compensation awarded to an executive officer, including Hawaiian Electric executive officers. Under that policy, in the event the financial statements of HEI or Hawaiian Electric are significantly restated, the Hawaiian Electric and HEI Boards and the HEI Compensation & Human Capital Management Committee will review the circumstances that caused the need for the restatement and determine whether fraud, gross negligence or intentional misconduct were involved. If so, the Hawaiian Electric and HEI Boards may direct the Company to recover all or a portion of any performance-based award from the executive officer(s) found personally responsible. On October 26, 2022, the SEC adopted final rules implementing the clawback provisions of the Dodd-Frank Act that direct the stock exchanges to establish listing standards requiring listed companies to develop and implement a policy providing for the recovery of erroneously awarded incentive-based compensation received by current or former executive officers and to satisfy related disclosure obligations. HEI will amend its clawback policy to ensure it complies with the final rules adopted by the NYSE, as and when required. 
 Tax and accounting impacts on compensation design 
 In designing compensation programs, the HEI Compensation & Human Capital Management Committee considers the tax and accounting implications of its decisions, along with other factors described in this Compensation Discussion and Analysis. 
 Tax matters . Section 162(m) of the Internal Revenue Code generally limits to 1 million, per applicable executive, the annual federal income tax deduction that a publicly-held corporation may claim for total taxable compensation payable to certain covered executive officers, including both current and former executives. 
 In determining compensation for our executive officers, the HEI Compensation & Human Capital Management Committee primarily considers factors that provide incentives for the achievement of business objectives, but also considers the extent to which the compensation is deductible. The HEI Compensation & Human Capital Management Committee recognizes the impact of Section 162(m) and its significance to the Company s compensation programs but retains the flexibility and discretion to structure compensation appropriately, whether or not deductible. 
 Another tax consideration factored into the design of the Company s compensation programs is compliance with the requirements of Section 409A of the Internal Revenue Code, for which noncompliance can result in additional taxes on participants in deferred compensation arrangements. 
 Accounting matters . In establishing performance goals for equity compensation, the HEI Compensation & Human Capital Management Committee may consider the impact of accounting rules. Accounting rules prescribe the way in which compensation is expensed. For example, under GAAP, compensation is generally expensed when earned. Financial Accounting Standards Board Accounting Standards Codification Topic 718 generally requires that equity compensation awards be accounted for based on their grant date fair value, which is recognized over the relevant service periods. The Hawaiian Electric Board and HEI Compensation & Human Capital Management Committee also have discretion in determining the level of achievement for the award and may determine that there should not be any incentive payout that would result solely from the adoption of a new accounting principle that affects a financial measure. 
 22 

Hawaiian Electric Board and HEI Compensation & Human Capital Management Committee Report 
 Hawaiian Electric does not have a separate compensation committee. Rather, the entire Hawaiian Electric Board serves as Hawaiian Electric s compensation committee with the assistance of the HEI Compensation & Human Capital Management Committee. Accordingly, the Hawaiian Electric Board and the HEI Compensation & Human Capital Management Committee have reviewed and discussed with management the foregoing Compensation Discussion and Analysis. Based on such review and discussion, the HEI Compensation & Human Capital Management Committee recommended to the Hawaiian Electric Board, and taking into account such recommendation the Hawaiian Electric Board approved, inclusion of the Compensation Discussion and Analysis in this Exhibit 99.1 and its incorporation by reference in the Hawaiian Electric 2022 Annual Report on Form 10-K with which this Exhibit 99.1 is filed. 
 
 Hawaiian Electric Board of Directors 
 Timothy E. Johns, Chair 
 James A. Ajello 
 Kevin M. Burke 
 Shelee M. T. Kimura 
 Mary E. Kipp 
 Alana K. Pakkala 
 Kelvin H. Taketa 
 Toby B. Taniguchi 
 
 Compensation & Human Capital Management Committee of the HEI Board of Directors 
 
 Richard J. Dahl, Chair 
 Thomas B. Fargo 
 Peggy Y. Fowler 
 Micah A. K ne 
 
 23 

Compensation & Human Capital Management Committee Interlocks and Insider Participation 
 The Hawaiian Electric Board does not have a separate compensation committee. Rather, the entire Hawaiian Electric Board serves as Hawaiian Electric s compensation committee and oversees the design and implementation of Hawaiian Electric executive compensation programs. In addition, as part of its responsibility to oversee compensation programs at HEI and its subsidiaries, the HEI Compensation & Human Capital Management Committee assists the Hawaiian Electric Board by approving performance- and equity-based compensation for ratification by the Hawaiian Electric Board and making recommendations to the Hawaiian Electric Board regarding other executive compensation matters. 
 During the last fiscal year, the Company s CEO, who also was a Hawaiian Electric director in 2022, was responsible for evaluating the performance of the other Hawaiian Electric named executive officers and other Hawaiian Electric senior officers, and for proposing compensation for those officers to the HEI Compensation & Human Capital Management Committee for recommendation to the Hawaiian Electric Board. The CEO did not participate in the deliberations of the HEI Compensation & Human Capital Management Committee to recommend, or of the Hawaiian Electric Board to determine, the CEO s own compensation, but did participate in deliberations of the Hawaiian Electric Board to determine the compensation of the other Hawaiian Electric named executive officers. 
 
 24 

EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION TABLES 
 Summary Compensation Table 
 The table below shows total compensation (i) for 2020-2022 for Ms. Sekimura and Messrs. Alberts and Ching, (ii) for 2021 and 2022 for Ms. Kimura (who was not a named executive officer in 2020) and (iii) for 2022 for Mr. Benn (who was not a named executive officer in 2020 and 2021). 
 2022 SUMMARY COMPENSATION TABLE Name and 2022 
 Principal Positions 
 Year Salary ) (1) Stock Awards ) (2) Nonequity Incentive Plan Compen- sation ) (3) Change in Pension Value and Nonqualified Deferred Compensation Earnings ) (4) All Other Compen- sation ) (5) Total Without Change in Pension Value ) (6) Total ) Shelee M. T. Kimura 2022 450,000 814,267 249,909 1,514,176 1,514,176 President and Chief Executive Officer 2021 292,000 287,818 215,919 148,665 795,737 944,402 Tayne S. Y. Sekimura 2022 397,500 351,002 161,923 910,425 910,425 Senior Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer 2021 385,000 403,546 313,333 317,692 1,101,879 1,419,571 2020 383,133 326,050 240,031 857,936 949,214 1,807,150 Jimmy D. Alberts 2022 350,000 290,387 129,571 22,973 792,931 792,931 Senior Vice President and Chief Operations Officer 2021 307,600 303,169 227,455 82,048 20,544 858,768 940,816 2020 294,167 235,620 165,911 120,364 16,403 712,101 832,465 Jason E. Benn 2022 307,500 255,137 113,837 676,474 676,474 Senior Vice President and Chief Information Officer Colton K. Ching 2022 315,000 261,356 116,613 692,969 692,969 Senior Vice President, Planning & Technology 2021 290,683 286,498 214,945 198,299 792,126 990,425 2020 282,717 226,416 159,452 584,621 668,585 1,253,206 
 1. Salary. This column represents cash base salary received for the year. 
 2. Stock Awards . These amounts represent the aggregate grant date fair value of stock awards granted in the years shown computed in accordance with Financial Accounting Standards Board Accounting Standards Codification Topic 718 (FASB ASC Topic 718). For 2020, 2021 and 2022, these amounts are composed of (i) the opportunity (based on probable outcome of performance conditions (in this case, target) as of the grant date) to earn shares of HEI Common Stock in the future pursuant to the 2020-22, 2021-23 and 2022-24 LTIPs, respectively, if pre-established performance goals are achieved and (ii) RSUs vesting in installments over a three-year period (for grants made in 2021 and 2022) or four-year period (for grants made in 2020). See the 2022 Grants of Plan-Based Awards table below for the portion of the amount in the Stock Awards column above that is composed of 2022 grants of RSUs and performance-based award opportunities under the 2022-24 LTIP. Assuming achievement of the highest level of performance conditions, the maximum value of the performance awards payable in 2025 under the 2022-24 LTIP would be Ms. Kimura 863,456 Ms. Sekimura 423,737 Mr. Alberts 335,801 Mr. Benn 295,045 and Mr. Ching 302,211. For a discussion of the assumptions underlying the amounts set out for the RSUs and 2022-24 LTIP, see Note 11 to the Consolidated Financial Statements in the Annual Report on Form 10-K to which this Exhibit 99.1 is attached. 
 3. Nonequity Incentive Plan Compensation . These amounts represent cash payouts to named executive officers under the annual incentive plan, the Executive Incentive Compensation Plan (EICP), earned for the years shown. 
 4. Change in Pension Value and Nonqualified Deferred Compensation Earnings . These amounts represent the change in present value of the accrued pension and executive death benefits from beginning of year to end of year for 2020, 2021 and 2022. These amounts are not current payments pension and executive death benefits are only paid after retirement or death, as applicable. The amounts in this column depend heavily on changes in actuarial assumptions, such as discount rates, and also are impacted by years of service and age. For 2022 the decrease in value was primarily due to an increase in discount rates, which results in a decrease in the present value of the accrued benefit. In accordance with SEC rules, the negative change in value in 2022 for all named executive officers is shown as no change in the table above. For a further discussion of the applicable plans, see the 2022 Pension Benefits table and related notes below. No Hawaiian Electric named executive officer had above-market or preferential earnings on nonqualified deferred compensation for the periods covered in the table above. 
 25 

5. All Other Compensation . The following table summarizes the components of All Other Compensation with respect to 2022 Name Contributions to Defined Contribution 
 Plans ) a 
 Other 
 ) b 
 Total All Other Compensation ) Shelee M. T. Kimura Tayne S. Y. Sekimura Jimmy D. Alberts 9,150 13,823 22,973 Jason E. Benn Colton K. Ching 
 a Mr. Alberts received matching contributions to his account in the HEI 401(k) Plan up to the amount permitted based on eligible compensation 305,000 in 2022). 
 b Mr. Alberts received club membership dues. Mr. Alberts also had one more week of vacation than employees with similar length of service would usually receive. 
 The total value of perquisites and other personal benefits for each of Ms. Kimura, Ms. Sekimura, Mr. Benn and Mr. Ching was less than 10,000 for 2022 and is therefore not included in the table above. 
 6. Total Without Change in Pension Value . Total Without Change in Pension Value represents total compensation as determined under SEC rules, minus the change in pension value and executive death benefits amount reported in the Change in Pension Value and Nonqualified Deferred Compensation Earnings column. We include this column because the magnitude of the change in pension value and death benefits in a given year is largely determined by actuarial assumptions, such as discount rates and mortality assumptions set by the Society of Actuaries, and does not reflect decisions made by the HEI Compensation & Human Capital Management Committee or Hawaiian Electric Board for that year or the actual benefit necessarily to be received by the recipient. The amounts reported in the Total Without Change in Pension Value column may differ substantially from the amounts reported in the Total column and are not a substitute for the Total column. 
 Additional narrative disclosure about salary, stock awards, nonequity incentive plan compensation, change in pension value and nonqualified deferred compensation earnings and all other compensation can be found in the Compensation Discussion and Analysis above. 
 26 

Grants of Plan-Based Awards 
 The table below shows cash performance award opportunities under the 2022 EICP, equity-based performance award opportunities granted under the LTIP for performance over the 2022-24 period and payable in 2025 and RSUs granted in 2022 and vesting in installments over three years. 
 2022 GRANTS OF PLAN-BASED AWARDS Estimated Future Payouts Under Nonequity Incentive Plan Awards (1) Estimated Future Payouts Under Equity Incentive Plan Awards (2) All Other Stock Awards Number of Shares of Stock or Units (#) (3) Grant Date Fair Value of Stock Awards ) (4) Name Grant Date Threshold ) Target ) Maximum ) Threshold (#) Target (#) Maximum (#) Shelee M. T. Kimura 2 11 22 EICP 168,750 337,500 675,000 2 11 22 LTIP 4,904 9,809 19,617 431,756 2 11 22 RSU 9,264 382,511 Tayne S. Y. Sekimura 2 11 22 EICP 109,313 218,625 437,250 2 11 22 LTIP 2,407 4,814 9,627 211,896 2 11 22 RSU 3,369 139,106 Jimmy D. Alberts 2 11 22 EICP 87,500 175,000 350,000 2 11 22 LTIP 1,907 3,814 7,629 167,880 2 11 22 RSU 2,967 122,507 Jason E. Benn 2 11 22 EICP 76,875 153,750 307,500 2 11 22 LTIP 1,676 3,351 6,703 147,494 2 11 22 RSU 2,607 107,643 Colton K. Ching 2 11 22 EICP 78,750 157,500 315,000 2 11 22 LTIP 1,717 3,433 6,866 151,112 2 11 22 RSU 2,670 110,244 
 EICP Executive Incentive Compensation Plan (annual incentive) 
 LTIP Long-Term Incentive Plan 2022-24 period) 
 RSU Restricted Stock Units 
 1. Estimated Future Payouts Under Nonequity Incentive Plan Awards . Shows possible cash payouts under the 2022 EICP based on meeting performance goals set in February 2022 at threshold, target and maximum levels. Actual payouts for the 2022 EICP are reported in the 2022 Summary Compensation Table above. 
 2. Estimated Future Payouts Under Equity Incentive Plan Awards . Represents the number of shares of HEI Common Stock that may be issued under the 2022-24 LTIP based upon the achievement of performance goals set in February 2022 at threshold, target and maximum levels and vesting at the end of the three-year performance period. LTIP awards are forfeited for terminations of employment during the vesting period, except for terminations due to death, disability or retirement, which allow for pro-rata participation based upon completed months of service after a minimum number of months of service in the performance period. Dividend equivalent shares, not included in the table, are compounded over the period at the actual dividend rate and are paid at the end of the performance period based on actual shares earned. 
 3. All Other Stock Awards Number of Shares of Stock or Units . Represents the number of RSUs awarded in 2022 that will vest and be issued as unrestricted HEI Common Stock in three equal annual installments on the grant date anniversaries. Unvested awards are forfeited for terminations of employment during the vesting period, except for terminations due to death, disability or retirement, which allow for pro-rata vesting up to the date of termination. Receipt of RSU awards is generally subject to continued employment and expiration of the applicable vesting period. Dividend equivalent shares, not included in the table, are compounded over the period at the actual dividend rate and are paid in HEI Common Stock on RSUs vesting in a given year. 
 4. Grant Date Fair Value of Stock Awards . Grant date fair value for shares under the 2022-24 LTIP is estimated in accordance with the fair-value based measurement of accounting as described in FASB ASC Topic 718 based upon the probable (in this case, target) outcome of the performance conditions as of the grant date. For a discussion of the assumptions and methodologies used to calculate the amounts reported, see the discussion of performance awards contained in Note 11 (Share-based compensation) to the Consolidated Financial Statements in the 2022 Annual Report on Form 10-K. Grant date fair value for RSUs is based on the closing price of HEI Common Stock on the NYSE on the date of the grant of the award. 
 
 27 

Outstanding Equity Awards at 2022 Fiscal Year-End 
 OUTSTANDING EQUITY AWARDS AT 2022 FISCAL YEAR-END Stock Awards Equity Incentive Plan Awards Shares or Units of Stock That Have Not Vested (1) Number of Unearned Shares, Units or Other Rights That Have Not Vested (#) (3) Market or Payout Value of Unearned Shares, Units or Other Rights That Have Not Vested ) (2) Name Grant Year Number (#) Market Value ) (2) Shelee M. T. Kimura 2019 622 26,031 2020 1,006 42,101 2021 2,005 83,909 5,242 219,378 2022 9,264 387,698 9,809 410,507 Total 12,897 539,739 15,051 629,885 Tayne S. Y. Sekimura 2019 864 36,158 2020 1,393 58,297 2021 2,644 110,651 7,591 317,683 2022 3,369 140,993 4,814 201,466 Total 8,270 346,099 12,405 519,149 Jimmy D. Alberts 2019 663 27,747 2020 1,069 44,738 2021 2,112 88,387 5,522 231,096 2022 2,967 124,169 3,814 159,616 Total 6,811 285,041 9,336 390,712 Jason E. Benn 2019 169 7,073 2020 283 11,844 2021 1,685 70,517 3,510 146,894 2022 2,607 109,103 3,351 140,239 Total 4,744 198,537 6,861 287,133 Colton K. Ching 2019 637 26,658 2020 1,027 42,980 2021 1,996 83,533 5,218 218,373 2022 2,670 111,740 3,433 143,671 Total 6,330 264,911 8,651 362,044 
 1. Shares or Units of Stock That Have Not Vested . The remaining installment of the 2019 RSUs vested on February 14, 2023. Of the remaining installments of the 2020 RSUs, one installment vested on February 11, 2023 and the remainder will vest on February 11, 2024. Of the remaining installments of the 2021 RSUs, one installment vested on February 9, 2023 and the remainder will vest on February 9, 2024. For the 2022 RSUs, one installment vested on February 11, 2023 and the remainder will vest in equal annual installments on February 11, 2024 and 2025. 
 2. Market Value . Market value is based upon the closing per share trading price of HEI Common Stock on the NYSE of 41.85 as of December 30, 2022. 
 3. Number of Unearned Shares, Units or Other Rights That Have Not Vested . Represents the number of shares of HEI Common Stock that would be issued under the 2021-23 and 2022-24 LTIPs if performance goals are met at the target level at the end of the respective three-year performance periods. 
 28 

2022 Option Exercises and Stock Vested 
 2022 OPTION EXERCISES AND STOCK VESTED Stock Awards Name Number of Shares Acquired on Vesting (#) Value Realized on Vesting ) Shelee M. T. Kimura 2,690 (1) 
 109,294 2,773 (2) 
 116,050 (3) 
 Tayne S. Y. Sekimura 4,119 (1) 
 167,355 4,263 (2) 
 178,407 (3) 
 Jimmy D. Alberts 3,208 (1) 
 130,341 2,946 (2) 
 123,290 (3) 
 Jason E. Benn 1,000 (1) 
 40,631 1,212 (2) 
 50,722 (3) 
 Colton K. Ching 2,732 (1) 
 111,001 2,831 (2) 
 118,477 (3) 
 
 1. Represents the number of shares acquired (and dividend equivalents paid in stock based on number of shares vested) upon the 2022 vesting of installments of RSUs granted on January 31, 2018, February 14, 2019, February 11, 2020, February 9, 2021 and August 16, 2021. Value realized on vesting includes dividend equivalents. Name Number of Shares Acquired on Vesting Compounded Dividend Equivalents Total Shares Acquired on Vesting Shelee M. T. Kimura 2,503 187 2,690 Tayne S. Y. Sekimura 3,807 312 4,119 Jimmy D. Alberts 2,965 243 3,208 Jason E. Benn 947 53 1,000 Colton K. Ching 2,539 193 2,732 
 2. Represents the number of shares acquired (and dividend equivalents paid in stock based on earned shares) upon vesting of performance share awards under the 2020-22 LTIP, which were payable in stock at the end of the performance period. Value realized on vesting includes dividend equivalents. The achievement of the applicable performance measures was certified on February 10, 2023. 
 Name Number of Shares Acquired on Vesting Compounded Dividend Equivalents Total Shares Acquired on Vesting Shelee M. T. Kimura 2,507 266 2,773 Tayne S. Y. Sekimura 3,854 409 4,263 Jimmy D. Alberts 2,664 282 2,946 Jason E. Benn 1,096 116 1,212 Colton K. Ching 2,560 271 2,831 
 3. Represents vested 2020-22 LTIP shares at 2022 year-end closing price of HEI Common Stock of 41.85 per share on December 30, 2022. Actual settlement of the performance share awards under the 2020-22 LTIP occurred on February 17, 2023 (after the February 10, 2023 certification of the applicable performance results) based on the closing price of HEI Common Stock on the NYSE of 42.30 per share. The actual settlement amounts were Ms. Kimura 117,298 Ms. Sekimura 180,325 Mr. Alberts 124,616 Mr. Benn 51,268 and Mr. Ching 119,751. 
 29 

Pension Benefits 
 The table below shows the present value as of December 31, 2022 of accumulated benefits for each of the Hawaiian Electric named executive officers and the number of years of service credited to each executive under the applicable pension plan and executive death benefit plan, determined using the interest rate, mortality table and other assumptions described below, which are consistent with those used in Note 10 of the Consolidated Financial Statements in the 2022 Annual Report on Form 10-K to which this Exhibit 99.1 is attached. 
 2022 PENSION BENEFITS Name Plan Name Number of Years of Credited Service (#) Present Value of Accumulated Benefit ) (4) Payments During the Last Fiscal Year ) Shelee M. T. Kimura HEI Retirement Plan (1) 18.3 976,416 HEI Excess Pay Plan (2) 18.3 165,741 Tayne S. Y. Sekimura HEI Retirement Plan (1) 31.6 2,548,453 HEI Excess Pay Plan (2) 31.6 827,287 HEI Executive Death Benefit (3) 131,433 Jimmy D. Alberts HEI Retirement Plan (1) 10.3 468,246 HEI Excess Pay Plan (2) 10.3 38,205 Jason E. Benn HEI Retirement Plan (1) 25.3 1,387,678 HEI Excess Pay Plan (2) 25.3 10,768 Colton K. Ching HEI Retirement Plan (1) 31.9 2,210,665 HEI Excess Pay Plan (2) 31.9 29,371 HEI Executive Death Benefit (3) 43,680 
 1. The HEI Retirement Plan is the standard retirement plan for HEI and Hawaiian Electric employees. Normal retirement benefits under the HEI Retirement Plan for management employees hired before May 1, 2011, including all of the named executive officers other than Mr. Alberts, are calculated based on a formula of 2.04 Credited Service (maximum 67 Final Average Compensation (average monthly base salary for highest thirty-six consecutive months out of the last ten years). Credited service is generally the same as the years of service with HEI and other participating companies (Hawaiian Electric, Hawaii Electric Light and Maui Electric). Credited service is also provided for limited unused sick leave and for the period a vested participant is on long-term disability. The normal form of benefit is a joint and 50 survivor annuity for married participants and a single life annuity for unmarried participants. Actuarially equivalent optional forms of benefit are also available. Participants who qualify to receive retirement benefits immediately upon termination of employment may also elect a single sum distribution of up to 100,000 with the remaining benefit payable as an annuity. Single sum distributions are not eligible for early retirement subsidies, and so may not be as valuable as an annuity at early retirement. Retirement benefits are increased by an amount equal to approximately 1.4 of the initial benefit every twelve months following retirement. The plan provides benefits at early retirement (prior to age 65), normal retirement (age 65), deferred retirement (over age 65) and death. Subsidized early retirement benefits are available for participants who meet certain age and service requirements at ages 50-64. The accrued normal retirement benefit is reduced by an applicable percentage, which ranges from 30 for early retirement at age 50 with at least 15 years of service to 1 at age 59. Accrued benefits are not reduced for eligible employees who retire at age 60 and above. The early retirement subsidies are not available to employees who terminate employment with vested benefits but prior to satisfying the age and service requirements for the early retirement subsidies. 
 HEI and Hawaiian Electric management employees who commenced employment on or after May 1, 2011, such as Mr. Alberts, receive reduced benefits under the HEI Retirement Plan (e.g., reduced benefit formula, more stringent requirements for subsidized early retirement benefits, reduced early retirement subsidies and no post-retirement cost-of-living adjustment). Normal retirement benefits for these employees are calculated based on a formula of 1.5 Credited Service Final Average Compensation (average monthly base salary for highest thirty-six consecutive months out of the last ten years). These employees are eligible for a limited match under the HEI Retirement Savings Plan (50 match on the first 6 of compensation deferred). 
 As of December 31, 2022, all of the named executive officers were eligible for retirement benefits under the HEI Retirement Plan. 
 2. As of December 31, 2022, all of the named executive officers were participants in the HEI Excess Pay Plan. Benefits under the HEI Excess Pay Plan are determined using the same formula as the HEI Retirement Plan, but are not subject to the Internal Revenue Code limits on the amount of annual compensation that can be used for calculating benefits under qualified retirement plans 305,000 in 2022 as indexed for inflation) and on the amount of annual benefits that can be paid from qualified retirement plans (the lesser of 245,000 in 2022 as indexed for inflation, or the participant s highest average compensation over three consecutive calendar years). Benefits payable under the HEI Excess Pay Plan are reduced by the benefit payable from the HEI Retirement Plan. Early retirement, death benefits and vesting provisions are similar to the HEI Retirement Plan. 
 3. Ms. Sekimura and Mr. Ching are covered by the Executive Death Benefit Plan of HEI and Participating Subsidiaries. The plan was amended effective September 9, 2009 to close participation to new participants and freeze the benefit for existing participants. Under the 
 30 

amendment, death benefits will be paid based on salaries as of September 9, 2009. The plan provides death benefits equal to two times the executive s base salary as of September 9, 2009 if the executive dies while actively employed or, if disabled, dies prior to age 65, and one times the executive s base salary as of September 9, 2009 if the executive dies following retirement. The amounts shown in the table above assume death following retirement. Death benefits are grossed up by the amount necessary to pay income taxes on the grossed up benefit amount as an equivalent to the tax exclusion for death benefits paid from a life insurance policy. Ms. Kimura, Mr. Alberts and Mr. Benn were not employed by Hawaiian Electric or were not eligible at the time the plan was frozen and therefore are not entitled to any benefits under the plan. 
 4. The present value of accumulated benefits for the Hawaiian Electric named executive officers included in the 2022 Pension Benefits table was determined based on the following 
 Methodology -- The present values are calculated as of December 31, 2022 based on the credited service and pay of the Hawaiian Electric named executive officer as of such date (or the date of benefit freeze, if earlier). 
 Assumptions 
 a. Discount Rate The discount rate is the interest rate used to discount future benefit payments in order to reflect the time value of money. The discount rates used in the present value calculations are 5.67 for retirement benefits and 5.66 for executive death benefits as of December 31, 2022. 
 b. Mortality Table The PRI-2012 Mortality Table (separate male and female rates) with generational projection using scale MP-2021 from base year 2012 is used to discount future pension benefit payments in order to reflect the probability of survival to any given future date. For the calculation of the executive death benefit present values, the mortality table rates are multiplied by the death benefit to capture the death benefit payments assumed to occur at all future dates. Mortality is applied post-retirement only. 
 c. Retirement Age A Hawaiian Electric named executive officer included in the table is assumed to remain in active employment until, and assumed to retire at, the later of (a) the earliest age when unreduced pension benefits would be payable or (b) attained age as of December 31, 2022. 
 d. Pre-Retirement Decrements Pre-retirement decrements refer to events that could occur between the measurement date and the retirement age (such as withdrawal, early retirement and death) that would impact the present value of benefits. No pre-retirement decrements are assumed in the calculation of pension benefit table present values. Pre-retirement decrements are assumed for financial statement purposes. 
 e. Unused Sick Leave Each Hawaiian Electric named executive officer who participates in the HEI Retirement Plan is assumed to have accumulated 1,160 unused sick leave hours at retirement age. 
 
 2022 Nonqualified Deferred Compensation 
 Although all Hawaiian Electric named executive officers are eligible to participate in the HEI deferred compensation plans, which are described in the Compensation Discussion and Analysis above, only Ms. Sekimura deferred any amount or had an account balance under those plans in 2022. Name Executive 
 Contributions 
 in Last FY ) 1 
 Registrant 
 Contributions 
 in Last FY ) 
 Aggregate 
 Earnings (Losses) 
 in Last FY ) 
 Aggregate 
 Withdrawals 
 Distributions ) 
 Aggregate 
 Balance at 
 Last FYE ) 2 
 Tayne S. Y. Sekimura 
 (36,615) 184,273 
 1. Represents salary and incentive compensation deferrals under the HEI Deferred Compensation Plan, a contributory nonqualified deferred compensation plan implemented in 2011. The plan allows certain HEI and Hawaiian Electric executives to defer up to 100 of annual base salary in excess of the compensation limit set forth in Internal Revenue Code Section 401(a)(17) 305,000 in 2022, as indexed for inflation) and up to 80 of any incentive compensation paid in cash. In 2022, there were no matching or other employer contributions under the plan. The deferred amounts are credited with gains losses of deemed investments chosen by the participant from a designated list of publicly traded mutual funds and other investment offerings. Earnings are not above-market or preferential and therefore are not included in the 2022 Summary Compensation Table above. The distribution of accounts from the plan is triggered by disability, death or separation from service (including retirement) and will be delayed for a 6-month period to the extent necessary to comply with Internal Revenue Code Section 409A. A participant may elect to receive such distributions triggered by separation from service in a lump sum or in substantially equal payments spread over a period not to exceed 15 years. Lump sum benefits are payable in the event of disability or death. 
 2. Amounts in this column include contributions reported in the Summary Compensation Table for each year in which each executive listed above was a named executive officer. 
 31 

Potential Payments Upon Termination or Change in Control 
 The table below shows the potential payments to each Hawaiian Electric named executive officer in the event of retirement, death or disability, voluntary termination, termination for cause, termination without cause and termination after change in control, assuming termination occurred on December 31, 2022. The amounts listed below are estimates actual amounts to be paid would depend on the actual date of termination and circumstances existing at that time. 
 2022 TERMINATION CHANGE-IN-CONTROL PAYMENT TABLE Name 
 Benefit Plan or Program 
 Retirement on 12 31 22 ) (1) Termination due to death or disability on 12 31 22 ) (2) Voluntary termination, termination for and without cause on 12 31 22 ) (3) Termination after change in control on 12 31 22 ) (4) Shelee M. T. Kimura Executive Incentive Compensation Plan (5) Long-Term Incentive Plan (6) 297,805 Restricted Stock Units (7) 212,288 Change-In-Control Agreement (4) 1,818,886 TOTAL 510,093 1,818,886 Tayne S. Y. Sekimura Executive Incentive Compensation Plan (5) Long-Term Incentive Plan (6) 295,880 295,880 547,919 Restricted Stock Units (7) 166,121 166,121 369,786 TOTAL 462,001 462,001 917,705 Jimmy D. Alberts Executive Incentive Compensation Plan (5) Long-Term Incentive Plan (6) 219,713 219,713 412,084 Restricted Stock Units (7) 134,238 134,238 303,999 TOTAL 353,951 353,951 716,083 Jason E. Benn Executive Incentive Compensation Plan (5) Long-Term Incentive Plan (6) 146,433 146,433 300,977 Restricted Stock Units (7) 82,049 82,049 208,497 TOTAL 228,482 228,482 509,474 Colton K. Ching Executive Incentive Compensation Plan (5) Long-Term Incentive Plan (6) 205,148 205,148 381,997 Restricted Stock Units (7) 125,896 125,896 282,781 TOTAL 331,044 331,044 664,778 
 Note All stock-based award amounts were valued using the 2022 year-end closing price of HEI Common Stock on the NYSE of 41.85 per share on December 30, 2022. Other benefits that are available to all salaried employees on a nondiscriminatory basis and perquisites aggregating less than 10,000 in value have not been listed. 
 1. Retirement payments & benefits . In addition to the amounts shown in this column, retired executives are entitled to receive their vested retirement plan and deferred compensation benefits under all termination scenarios. See the 2022 Pension Benefits and 2022 Nonqualified Deferred Compensation tables above. Ms. Kimura has not met the requirements for retirement eligibility under the 2010 Equity and Incentive Plan, as amended (EIP), which includes the Long-Term Incentive Plan and Restricted Stock Units. Accordingly, no amounts are shown in this column for Ms. Kimura. 
 2. Termination due to death or disability payments & benefits. All named executive officers were eligible for death or disability payments & benefits as of December 31, 2022. 
 3. Voluntary termination payments & benefits . If a Hawaiian Electric named executive officer voluntarily terminates employment, he or she could lose any annual or long-term incentives based upon the HEI Compensation & Human Capital Management Committee s right to amend, suspend or terminate any incentive award or any portion of it at any time. Voluntary termination results in the forfeiture of unvested RSUs and participation in incentive plans. Ms. Kimura's entitlement to rights under her change-in-control agreement would also end. 
 32 

Termination for cause payments & benefits. If the executive is terminated for cause, he or she could lose any annual or long-term incentives based upon the HEI Compensation & Human Capital Management Committee s right to amend, suspend or terminate any incentive award or any portion of it at any time. Cause generally means a violation of the HEI Corporate Code of Conduct or, for purposes of awards under the EIP, has the meaning set forth in such plan. Termination for cause results in the forfeiture of all unvested RSUs and participation in incentive plans. Ms. Kimura s entitlement to rights under her change-in-control agreement would also end. 
 Termination without cause payments & benefits. If the executive is terminated without cause, he or she could lose any annual or long-term incentives based upon the HEI Compensation & Human Capital Management Committee s right to amend, suspend or terminate any incentive award or any portion of it at any time. Termination without cause results in the forfeiture of unvested RSUs. As discussed in footnote 4 below, different benefits would be payable to Ms. Kimura if her termination without cause were to follow a change in control under the terms of her change-in-control agreement. 
 4. Termination after change-in-control payments & benefits. Of the named executive officers, only Ms. Kimura had a change-in-control agreement as of December 31, 2022. 
 Change in control generally means a change in ownership of HEI, a substantial change in the voting power of HEI s securities or a change in the majority of the composition of the Board following the consummation of a merger, tender offer or similar transaction. The change-in-control agreement is double trigger, which means that it provides for cash severance and other benefits only upon a qualifying termination of the executive's employment following a change in control. Ms. Kimura has a lump sum severance multiplier of two times, in each case applied to the sum of her base salary and annual incentive compensation (determined to be the greater of the current target or the largest actual annual incentive compensation during the preceding three years). 
 In addition, under the change-in-control agreement Ms. Kimura would receive continued life, disability, dental, accident and health insurance benefits for the severance period (i.e., the number of years equal to the applicable severance multiplier). Ms. Kimura would receive a lump sum payment equal to the present value of the additional benefit she would have earned under her respective retirement and savings plans during the severance period. Ms. Kimura would also receive the greater of current target or actual projected EICP and cash-based LTIP compensation pro-rated if termination occurs during the first half of the applicable performance period and the full value if termination occurs in the second half of the applicable performance period. For RSUs not granted under the LTIP, in the event of a change in control as defined by the EIP, either (i) the surviving or acquiring entity will assume all outstanding RSUs not granted under LTIP or will substitute similar awards and such awards would vest in full upon a termination within 24 months following the change in control without cause or by the participant with good reason, as each term is defined by the EIP or (ii) to the extent the surviving entity refuses to assume or substitute such awards, such awards shall become fully vested. Additional age and service credit is received for the severance period for purposes of determining retiree welfare benefit eligibility. Ms. Kimura would receive outplacement services, capped at 15 of annual base salary. Payment would generally be delayed for six months following termination of employment to the extent required to avoid an additional tax under Section 409A of the Internal Revenue Code. Interest would accrue during any six-month delay period at the prevailing six-month certificate of deposit rate and payments would be set aside during that period in a grantor (rabbi) trust. There are no tax gross ups provided for in the agreement and, as provided in the change-in-control agreement, the total severance amount shown is limited to the maximum amount deductible under Section 280G of the Internal Revenue Code for Ms. Kimura. Payment of the foregoing benefits is subject to a release of claims by Ms. Kimura. 
 For executives who do not have a change-in-control agreement, the EIP and respective plan agreements provide for accelerated vesting or payments to be made to executives upon a change in control. The effects of a change in control on EICP and LTIP awards and RSUs for executives without a change-in-control agreement are described in notes 5, 6 and 7 below. 
 5. Executive Incentive Compensation Plan (EICP). Excludes amounts payable under the 2022 EICP because those amounts would have vested without regard to termination because the applicable performance period ended on December 31, 2022. Upon death, disability or retirement, executives continue to participate in the EICP on a pro-rata basis if the executive has met applicable minimum service requirements, with a lump sum payment to be made by Hawaiian Electric if the applicable performance goals are achieved. The plan documents provide that in the event of a change in control as defined by the EIP, the EICP award would be immediately paid out in cash at target level, pro-rated for completed months of service in the performance period. For the remaining unvested portion of the award, the EIP provides that (i) the surviving entity or acquiring entity will assume all awards outstanding under the EICP or will substitute similar awards and such awards would vest in full upon a termination within 24 months following the change in control without cause or by the participant with good reason, as each term is defined by the EIP or (ii) to the extent the surviving entity refuses to assume or substitute such awards, such awards shall become fully vested (with all performance goals deemed achieved at 100 of target levels). Annual incentive compensation payments for NEOs in the event of a change in control are further described in footnote 4 above. 
 6. Long-Term Incentive Plan (LTIP). Excludes amounts payable under the 2020-22 LTIP because those amounts would have vested without regard to termination because the applicable performance period ended on December 31, 2022. Upon death, disability or retirement, executives continue to participate in each ongoing LTIP cycle on a pro-rata basis if the executive has met applicable minimum service requirements, with a lump sum payment to be made by Hawaiian Electric if performance goals are achieved. The amounts shown are at target for all applicable plan years, pro-rated based upon service through December 31, 2022 actual payouts will depend upon performance achieved at the end of the plan cycle. The plan documents provide that in the event of a change in control as defined by the EIP, the LTIP award would be immediately paid out in cash at target level, pro-rated for completed months of service in the performance period. For the remaining unvested portion of the award, the EIP provides that (i) the surviving entity or acquiring entity will assume all awards outstanding under the LTIP or will substitute similar awards and such awards would vest in full upon a termination within 24 months following the change in control without cause or by the participant with good reason, as each term is defined by the EIP or (ii) to the extent the surviving entity refuses to assume or substitute such awards, such awards shall become fully 
 33 

vested (with all performance goals deemed achieved at 100 of target levels). Long-term incentive compensation payments for NEOs in the event of a change in control are further described in footnote 4 above and quantified as part of the Change-in-Control Agreement payment in the table above. 
 7. Restricted Stock Units (RSUs) not granted under LTIP. Termination for or without cause results in the forfeiture of unvested RSUs not granted under the LTIP. Termination due to death, disability or retirement results in pro-rata vesting of RSUs not granted under the LTIP. The EIP provides that in the event of a change in control as defined by the EIP, either (i) the surviving or acquiring entity will assume all outstanding RSUs not granted under LTIP or will substitute similar awards and such awards would vest in full upon a termination within 24 months following the change in control without cause or by the participant with good reason, as each term is defined by the EIP or (ii) to the extent the surviving entity refuses to assume or substitute such awards, such awards shall become fully vested. The vesting of RSUs in the event of a qualifying termination of employment for NEOs following a change in control is further described in footnote 4 above and quantified as part of the Change-in-Control Agreement payment in the table above. 
 34 

CEO Pay Ratio 
 As required by SEC rules, we are disclosing the ratio of Hawaiian Electric s median employee s annual total compensation to the annual total compensation of Hawaiian Electric s CEO. 
 Pursuant to Item 402(u) of Regulation S K, we may use the same median employee we used to calculate our 2020 CEO pay ratio because there have been no changes in our employee population or employee compensation arrangements that we believe would significantly impact our pay ratio disclosure. However, because the median employee identified in 2020 as the median employee was no longer employed by the Company at the end of 2022, in accordance with Item 402(u) of Regulation S-K, we used another employee whose compensation is substantially similar to the original median employee based on the same compensation measures. In accordance with Item 402(u) of Regulation S-K, we identified our median employee by evaluating 2019 Form W-2s for all individuals, excluding our CEO, who were employed by us on October 1, 2020. We included all employees, whether employed on a full-time, part-time, or seasonal basis and assumed no compensation earned in 2019 for employees hired in 2020. We believe that the use of Form W-2 compensation for all employees is an appropriate compensation measure for this purpose because it reasonably reflects annual compensation for our employees. 
 After identifying the median employee based on W-2 compensation, we calculated annual total compensation for such employee using the same methodology we use for our CEO as set forth in the Summary Compensation Table above. The SEC rules allow for varying methodologies for companies to identify their median employee. Other companies may have different employment and compensation practices and may utilize different methodologies, estimates and assumptions in calculating their own pay ratios. Therefore, the pay ratios reported by other companies may not to be relevant for purposes of comparison to our pay ratio. 
 CEO to Median Employee Pay Ratio 
 President & CEO Median Employee Base Salary 450,000 104,749 Overtime Pay 13,777 Stock Awards 814,267 Nonequity Incentive Plan Compensation 249,909 Change in Pension Value (1) All Other Compensation 3,743 TOTAL 1,514,176 122,269 CEO Pay to Median Employee Pay Ratio 12 1 
 (1) These amounts are attributable to a change in the value of each individual s defined benefit pension account balance and do not represent earned or paid compensation. Despite the fact that these amounts are not paid, they are required to be taken into account for purposes of calculating total annual compensation for SEC reporting purposes. Pension values fluctuate over time, can rise or fall year-to-year and are dependent on many variables including market conditions, years of service, earnings, and actuarial assumptions such as discount rates. 

ITEM 12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS 
 Security ownership of certain beneficial owners 
 Hawaiian Electric Common Stock 
 HEI owns all of Hawaiian Electric s outstanding Common Stock, which is Hawaiian Electric s only class of securities generally entitled to vote on matters requiring shareholder approval. 
 Hawaiian Electric Preferred Stock 
 Various series of Hawaiian Electric Preferred Stock have been issued and are outstanding. Shares of Hawaiian Electric Preferred Stock are not considered voting securities, but upon certain defaults in dividend payments holders of Hawaiian Electric Preferred Stock may have the right to elect a majority of the directors of Hawaiian Electric. HEI owns 100,000 shares of Hawaiian Electric Preferred Stock, or approximately 9 of the 1,114,657 shares of Hawaiian Electric Preferred Stock 
 35 

outstanding. No Hawaiian Electric directors, executive officers or named executive officers (as listed in the Compensation Discussion and Analysis above) own Hawaiian Electric Preferred Stock. 
 HEI Common Stock 
 The table below shows the number of shares of HEI Common Stock beneficially owned by each person who is a current Hawaiian Electric director, each Hawaiian Electric named executive officer (as listed in the Compensation Discussion and Analysis above) and directors and executive officers as a group as of February 9, 2023. Amount and Nature of Beneficial Ownership of HEI Common Stock Name of Individual or Group Sole Voting or 
 Investment 
 Power 
 (1) 
 Shared Voting 
 or Investment 
 Power 
 (2) 
 Other 
 Beneficial 
 Ownership 
 (3) 
 
 Restricted 
 Stock Units 
 (4) 
 Total 
 (5) 
 Nonemployee directors James A. Ajello 51,539 51,539 Kevin M. Burke 8,310 8,310 Timothy E. Johns 49,486 49,486 Mary E. Kipp 535 535 Alana K. Pakkala 4,438 4,438 Kelvin H. Taketa 30,551 30,551 Toby B. Taniguchi 2,913 2,913 Employee director and Named Executive Officer 
 Shelee M. T. Kimura 11,532 1,295 5,527 18,354 Other Named Executive Officers Jimmy D. Alberts 34,432 4,126 38,558 Jason E. Benn 3,089 2,620 5,709 Colton K. Ching 12,297 83 3,861 16,241 Tayne S. Y. Sekimura 17,555 54,149 5,081 76,785 All directors and executive officers as a group (13 persons) 178,868 106,983 83 23,017 308,951 
 (1) Includes the following shares held as of February 9, 2023 in the form of stock units in the HEI Common Stock fund pursuant to the HEI Retirement Savings Plan approximately 1,304 shares for Ms. Sekimura and shares 1,998 for all directors and executive officers as a group. The value of a unit is measured by the closing price of HEI Common Stock on the measurement date. 
 (2) Includes (i) shares registered in name of the individual and spouse and or (ii) shares registered in trust with the individual and spouse serving as co-trustees. 
 (3) Shares owned by spouse, children or other relatives sharing the home of the director or officer in which the director or officer disclaims beneficial interest. 
 (4) Includes the number of shares that the individuals named above had a right to acquire as of or within 60 days after February 9, 2023 pursuant to restricted stock units and related dividend equivalent rights thereon, including shares which retirement eligible individuals have a right to acquire upon retirement. These shares are included for purposes of calculating the percentage ownership of each individual named above and all directors and executive officers as a group as described in footnote (5) below, but are not deemed to be outstanding as to any other person. 
 (5) As of February 9, 2023, the directors and executive officers of Hawaiian Electric as a group and each individual named above beneficially owned less than one percent of the record number of outstanding shares of HEI Common Stock as of that date and no shares were pledged as security. 

ITEM 13. 
 CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 
 
 Related person transactions 
 The HEI Board has adopted a related person transaction policy that is specifically incorporated in HEI s Corporate Code of Conduct, which is available for review at www.hei.com govdocs (documents referenced as being available on the Company s 
 36 

website are not incorporated herein). The Corporate Code of Conduct, including the related person transaction policy, also applies to Hawaiian Electric and its subsidiaries. The related person transaction policy is specific to transactions between the Company and related persons such as executive officers and directors, their immediate family members or entities with which they are affiliated in which the amount involved exceeds 120,000 and in which any related person had or will have a direct or indirect material interest. Under the policy, the HEI Board, acting through the HEI Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee, will approve a related person transaction involving a director or an officer if the HEI Board determines in advance that the transaction is not inconsistent with the best interests of HEI and its shareholders and is not in violation of HEI s Corporate Code of Conduct. 
 There have been no transactions since January 1, 2022, and there are no currently proposed transactions in which, Hawaiian Electric or any of its subsidiaries was a participant, the amount involved exceeds 120,000, and any related person (as defined in Item 404 of Regulation S-K) had or will have a direct or indirect material interest. 
 Director independence 
 Because HEI has Common Stock listed on NYSE and Hawaiian Electric is a wholly-owned subsidiary of HEI, HEI is subject to the corporate governance listing standards in Section 303A of the NYSE Listed Company Manual but Hawaiian Electric is not subject to NYSE listing standards, including Sections 303A.01 and 303A.02 regarding director independence. 
 Although Hawaiian Electric is not subject to NYSE listing standards 303A.01 and 303A.02, Hawaiian Electric voluntarily endeavors to comply with these standards for director independence. The HEI Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee assists the Hawaiian Electric Board with its independence determinations. 
 For a director to be considered independent under NYSE listing standards 303A.01 and 303A.02, the Hawaiian Electric Board must determine that the director does not have any direct or indirect material relationship with Hawaiian Electric or its parent or subsidiaries apart from his or her service as a director. The NYSE listing standards also specify circumstances under which a director may not be considered independent, such as when the director has been an employee of the Company within the last three fiscal years, if the director has had certain relationships with the Company s external or internal auditor within the last three fiscal years or when the Company has made or received payments for goods or services to or from entities with which the director or an immediate family member of the director has specified affiliations and the aggregate amount of such payments in any year within the last three fiscal years exceeds the greater of 1 million or 2 of such entity s consolidated gross revenues for the last fiscal year. 
 The HEI Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee and the Hawaiian Electric Board considered the information below, which was provided by Hawaiian Electric directors and or by HEI and its subsidiaries, concerning relationships between (i) Hawaiian Electric or its affiliates and (ii) the director, the director s immediate family members or entities with which such directors or immediate family members have certain affiliations. Based on its consideration of the relationships described below and the recommendations of the HEI Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee, the Hawaiian Electric Board determined that all of the nonemployee directors of Hawaiian Electric (Messrs. Ajello, Burke, Johns, Taketa and Taniguchi and Mss. Kipp and Pakkala) are independent. The remaining director of Hawaiian Electric, Ms. Kimura, is an employee director and hence is not independent. 
 With respect to Ms. Pakkala, the Hawaiian Electric Board determined that ordinary course of business and market term loans between ASB and certain entities in which Ms. Pakkala or her family members have an ownership interest, did not impair Ms. Pakkala s independence as a Hawaiian Electric director. 
 With respect to Mr. Taniguchi, the Hawaiian Electric Board considered amounts paid during the last three fiscal years to purchase electricity from Hawaii Electric Light Company, a subsidiary of Hawaiian Electric (the sole public utility providing electricity to the island of Hawaii) by the entity which the director was employed or a family member of the director was an executive officer. None of the amounts paid by this entity for electricity (excluding pass-through charges for fuel, purchased power and Hawaii state revenue taxes) within the last three fiscal years exceeded the NYSE threshold that would automatically result in a director not being independent. The Hawaiian Electric Board also considered that Hawaiian Electric is the sole source of electric power on the island of Hawaii and that the rates Hawaii Electric Light charges for electricity are fixed by state regulatory authority. Since purchasers of electricity from Hawaiian Electric Light have no choice as to supplier and no ability to negotiate rates or other terms, the Hawaiian Electric Board determined that these relationships do not impair the independence of Mr. Taniguchi. 
 37 

ITEM 14. 
 PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING FEES AND SERVICES 
 
 Principal accountant fees 
 The following table sets forth the fees paid or payable to Deloitte & Touche LLP (Deloitte), Hawaiian Electric s independent registered public accounting firm for 2022 and 2021 2022 2021 Audit fees (primarily consisted of fees associated with the audit of the consolidated financial statements and quarterly reviews) 1,590,000 1,502,000 Audit-related fees (primarily consisted of agreed upon procedures) 75,000 75,000 Tax fees (consisted of tax return review) 40,800 All other fees 1,665,000 1,617,800 
 Pre-approval policies 
 Pursuant to its charter, the Hawaiian Electric Audit & Risk Committee provides input to the HEI Audit & Risk Committee regarding pre-approval of all audit and permitted non-audit services of the independent registered public accounting firm engaged to audit the Consolidated Financial Statements with respect to Hawaiian Electric. The Hawaiian Electric Audit & Risk Committee may delegate this responsibility to one or more of its members, provided that such member or members report to the full committee at its next regularly scheduled meeting any such input provided to the HEI Audit & Risk Committee. The Hawaiian Electric Audit & Risk Committee has delegated such responsibility to its chairperson. With such input, the HEI Audit & Risk Committee pre-approved all of the audit, audit-related and tax fees reflected in the table above. 

38 

Appendix A 
 
 2022 Edison Electric Institute (EEI) Index Peers for HEI Long-Term Incentive Plan 
 Relative Total Shareholder Return Metric 
 The EEI is an association of U.S. shareholder-owned electric companies that are representative of comparable investment alternatives to HEI. The EEI s members serve virtually all of the ultimate customers in the shareholder-owned segment of the industry. 
 ALLETE, Inc. IDACORP, Inc. Alliant Energy Corp. MDU Resources Group Inc. Ameren Corp. MGE Energy, Inc. American Electric Power Co., Inc. NextEra Energy, Inc. AVANGRID, Inc. NiSource Inc. Avista Corp. NorthWestern Corp. Black Hills Corp. OGE Energy Corp. Centerpoint Energy, Inc. Otter Tail Corp. CMS Energy Corp. PG&E Corp. Consolidated Edison, Inc. Pinnacle West Capital Corp. Dominion Energy, Inc. PNM Resources Inc. DTE Energy Co. Portland General Electric Co. Duke Energy Corp. PPL Corp. Edison International Public Service Enterprise Group Inc. Entergy Corp. Sempra Energy Evergy, Inc. Southern Co. Eversource Energy Unitil Corp. Exelon Corp. WEC Energy Group, Inc. FirstEnergy Corp. Xcel Energy Inc. 
 39 

</EX-99.1>

<EX-101.SCH>
 19
 he-20221231.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 20
 he-20221231_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 21
 he-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 22
 he-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 23
 he-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

