<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230228_10-K_edgar_data_1318742_0001558370-23-002381.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>15972713</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>435481</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1985467</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>5762955</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>2601695</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>4725691</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>9</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001558370-23-002381.hdr.sgml : 20230228
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230228162812
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001558370-23-002381
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		108
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230228
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230228

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			NCL CORP Ltd.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001318742
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	WATER TRANSPORTATION [4400]
		IRS NUMBER:				200470163
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			D0
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	333-128780
		FILM NUMBER:		23685936

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		7665 CORPORATE CENTER DRIVE
		CITY:			MIAMI
		STATE:			FL
		ZIP:			33126
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(305) 436-4000

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		7665 CORPORATE CENTER DRIVE
		CITY:			MIAMI
		STATE:			FL
		ZIP:			33126

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001558370-23-002381.txt : 20230228

10-K
 1
 nclc-20221231x10k.htm
 10-K

Table of Contents 
 UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION Washington, D.C. 20549 

 FORM 

 (Mark One) ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 For the fiscal year ended OR TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 For the transition period from to Commission file number: 

 (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

(State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) , , (Address of principal executive offices) (zip code) (Registrant s telephone number, including area code Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 

Title of each class Trading Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered N/A N/A N/A Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: None 

 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. No Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. Yes (Note: The registrant is a voluntary filer of reports required to be filed under section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934.) Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large accelerated Filer Accelerated Filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act). Yes No Norwegian Cruise Line Holdings Ltd. owns all of the outstanding ordinary shares of the registrant. Accordingly, there is market for the registrant s ordinary shares. At February 16, 2023, ordinary shares were outstanding. NCL Corporation Ltd. meets the conditions set forth in General Instruction I(1)(a) and (b) of Form 10-K and is therefore filing this Form 10-K with the reduced disclosure format permitted by General Instruction I(2). 

Table of Contents 
 NCL CORPORATION LTD. TABLE OF CONTENTS Page PART I Item 1. Business 7 Item 1A. Risk Factors 30 Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 42 Item 2. Properties 42 Item 3. Legal Proceedings 42 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 42 PART II Item 5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 43 Item 6. [Reserved] 43 Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 44 Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk 58 Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 59 Item 9. Changes In and Disagreements With Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 59 Item 9A. Controls and Procedures 59 Item 9B. Other Information 60 Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 60 PART III Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 60 Item 11. Executive Compensation 60 Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 60 Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 60 Item 14. Principal Accounting Fees and Services 60 PART IV Item 15. Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules 61 Item 16. Form 10-K Summary 72 Signatures 73 
 2 

Table of Contents 
 Terms Used in this Annual Report Unless otherwise indicated or the context otherwise requires, references in this annual report to (i) the Company, we, our, us and NCLC refer to NCL Corporation Ltd. and/or its subsidiaries (ii) NCLH refers to Norwegian Cruise Line Holdings Ltd., (iii) Norwegian Cruise Line or Norwegian refers to the Norwegian Cruise Line brand and its predecessors, and (iv) Prestige refers to Prestige Cruises International S. de R.L. (formerly Prestige Cruises International, Inc.), together with its consolidated subsidiaries, including Oceania Cruises S. de R.L. (formerly Oceania Cruises, Inc.) Oceania Cruises and Seven Seas Cruises S. de R.L. Regent (Oceania Cruises also refers to the brand by the same name and Regent also refers to the brand Regent Seven Seas Cruises). References to the U.S. are to the United States of America, and dollars or are to U.S. dollars, the U.K. are to the United Kingdom, British Pound Sterling or are to the official currency of the U.K. and euros or are to the official currency of the Eurozone. This annual report includes certain non-GAAP financial measures, such as Adjusted Gross Margin, Net Cruise Cost, Adjusted Net Cruise Cost Excluding Fuel, Adjusted EBITDA and Adjusted Net Loss. Definitions of these non-GAAP financial measures are included below. For further information about our non-GAAP financial measures including detailed adjustments made in calculating our non-GAAP financial measures and a reconciliation to the most directly comparable GAAP financial measure, we refer you to Item 7 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. Unless otherwise indicated in this annual report, the following terms have the meanings set forth below: 2024 Senior Secured Notes . On May 14, 2020, pursuant to an indenture among NCLC, as issuer, the guarantors party thereto, and U.S. Bank National Association, as trustee and security agent, NCLC issued 675.0 million aggregate principal amount of 12.25 senior secured notes due 2024. All of the outstanding 2024 Senior Secured Notes were redeemed in February 2022. 2026 Senior Secured Notes . On July 21, 2020, pursuant to an indenture among NCLC, as issuer, the guarantors party thereto, and U.S. Bank National Association, as trustee and security agent, NCLC issued 750.0 million aggregate principal amount of 10.25 senior secured notes due 2026. All of the outstanding 2026 Senior Secured Notes were redeemed in February 2022. Acquisition of Prestige. In November 2014, we acquired Prestige in a cash and stock transaction for total consideration of 3.025 billion, including the assumption of debt. Adjusted EBITDA. EBITDA adjusted for other income (expense), net and other supplemental adjustments. Adjusted Gross Margin. Gross margin adjusted for payroll and related, fuel, food, other and ship depreciation. Gross margin is calculated pursuant to GAAP as total revenue less total cruise operating expense and ship depreciation. Adjusted Net Cruise Cost Excluding Fuel. Net Cruise Cost Excluding Fuel adjusted for supplemental adjustments. Adjusted Net Loss. Net loss adjusted for supplemental adjustments. Allura Class Ships. Oceania Cruises Vista and Oceania Cruises Allura. Berths. Double occupancy capacity per cabin (single occupancy per studio cabin) even though many cabins can accommodate three or more passengers. Breakaway Class Ships. Norwegian Breakaway and Norwegian Getaway. Breakaway Plus Class Ships. Norwegian Escape, Norwegian Joy, Norwegian Bliss and Norwegian Encore. Capacity Days. Berths available for sale multiplied by the number of cruise days for the period for ships in service. CDC. The U.S. Centers for Disease Control and Prevention. Constant Currency. A calculation whereby foreign currency-denominated revenue and expenses in a period are converted at the U.S. dollar exchange rate of a comparable period to eliminate the effects of foreign exchange fluctuations. 
 3 

Table of Contents 
 Dry-dock. A process whereby a ship is positioned in a large basin where all of the fresh/sea water is pumped out in order to carry out cleaning and repairs of those parts of a ship which are below the water line. EBITDA. Earnings before interest, taxes, and depreciation and amortization. Explorer Class Ships . Regent s Seven Seas Explorer, Seven Seas Splendor, and Seven Seas Grandeur. GAAP. Generally accepted accounting principles in the U.S. Gross Cruise Cost. The sum of total cruise operating expense and marketing, general and administrative expense. Gross Tons. A unit of enclosed passenger space on a cruise ship, such that one gross ton equals 100 cubic feet or 2.831 cubic meters. IMO. International Maritime Organization, a United Nations agency that sets international standards for shipping. IPO. The initial public offering of 27,058,824 ordinary shares, par value 0.001 per share, of NCLH, which was consummated on January 24, 2013. Net Cruise Cost . Gross Cruise Cost less commissions, transportation and other expense and onboard and other expense. Net Cruise Cost Excluding Fuel. Net Cruise Cost less fuel expense. Occupancy or Occupancy Percentage . The ratio of Passenger Cruise Days to Capacity Days. A percentage greater than 100 indicates that three or more passengers occupied some cabins. Passenger Cruise Days. The number of passengers carried for the period, multiplied by the number of days in their respective cruises. Prima Class Ships. Norwegian Prima, Norwegian Viva and four additional ships on order. Private Exchangeable Notes. On May 28, 2020, pursuant to an indenture among NCLC, as issuer, NCLH, as guarantor, and U.S. Bank National Association, as trustee, NCLC issued 400.0 million aggregate principal amount of exchangeable senior notes due 2026. The Private Exchangeable Notes were repurchased in March 2021. Revolving Loan Facility . 875.0 million senior secured revolving credit facility. SEC. U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission. Senior Secured Credit Facility. The Credit Agreement, originally dated as of May 24, 2013, as amended and restated on October 31, 2014, June 6, 2016, October 10, 2017, January 2, 2019 and May 8, 2020, and as further amended on January 29, 2021, March 25, 2021, November 12, 2021 and December 6, 2022, by and among NCLC and Voyager Vessel Company, LLC, as co-borrowers, JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as administrative agent and as collateral agent, and various lenders and agents, providing for a senior secured credit facility consisting of (i) the Revolving Loan Facility and (ii) the Term Loan A Facility. Shipboard Retirement Plan . An unfunded defined benefit pension plan for certain crew members which computes benefits based on years of service, subject to certain requirements. Term Loan A Facility . The senior secured term loan A facility having an outstanding principal amount of approximately 1.5 billion as of December 31, 2022. 
 
 4 

Table of Contents 
 Cautionary Statement Concerning Forward-Looking Statements Some of the statements, estimates or projections contained in this report are forward-looking statements within the meaning of the U.S. federal securities laws intended to qualify for the safe harbor from liability established by the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. All statements other than statements of historical facts contained, or incorporated by reference, in this report, including, without limitation, those regarding our business strategy, financial position, results of operations, plans, prospects, actions taken or strategies being considered with respect to our liquidity position, valuation and appraisals of our assets and objectives of management for future operations (including those regarding expected fleet additions, our expectations regarding the impacts of the COVID-19 pandemic, Russia s invasion of Ukraine and general macroeconomic conditions, our expectations regarding cruise voyage occupancy, the implementation of and effectiveness of our health and safety protocols, operational position, demand for voyages, plans or goals for our sustainability program and decarbonization efforts, our expectations for future cash flows and profitability, financing opportunities and extensions, and future cost mitigation and cash conservation efforts and efforts to reduce operating expenses and capital expenditures) are forward-looking statements. Many, but not all, of these statements can be found by looking for words like expect, anticipate, goal, project, plan, believe, seek, will, may, forecast, estimate, intend, future and similar words. Forward-looking statements do not guarantee future performance and may involve risks, uncertainties and other factors which could cause our actual results, performance or achievements to differ materially from the future results, performance or achievements expressed or implied in those forward-looking statements. Examples of these risks, uncertainties and other factors include, but are not limited to the impact of: adverse general economic factors, such as fluctuating or increasing levels of interest rates, inflation, unemployment, underemployment and the volatility of fuel prices, declines in the securities and real estate markets, and perceptions of these conditions that decrease the level of disposable income of consumers or consumer confidence; the spread of epidemics, pandemics and viral outbreaks, including the COVID-19 pandemic, and their effect on the ability or desire of people to travel (including on cruises), which is expected to continue to adversely impact our results, operations, outlook, plans, goals, growth, reputation, cash flows, liquidity, demand for voyages and share price; implementing precautions in coordination with regulators and global public health authorities to protect the health, safety and security of guests, crew and the communities we visit and to comply with regulatory restrictions related to the pandemic; our indebtedness and restrictions in the agreements governing our indebtedness that require us to maintain minimum levels of liquidity and be in compliance with maintenance covenants and otherwise limit our flexibility in operating our business, including the significant portion of assets that are collateral under these agreements; our ability to work with lenders and others or otherwise pursue options to defer, renegotiate, refinance or restructure our existing debt profile, near-term debt amortization, newbuild related payments and other obligations and to work with credit card processors to satisfy current or potential future demands for collateral on cash advanced from customers relating to future cruises; our need for additional financing or financing to optimize our balance sheet, which may not be available on favorable terms, or at all, and our outstanding exchangeable notes and any future financing which may be dilutive to existing shareholders; the unavailability of ports of call; future increases in the price of, or major changes, disruptions or reduction in, commercial airline services; changes involving the tax and environmental regulatory regimes in which we operate, including new regulations aimed at reducing greenhouse gas emissions; the accuracy of any appraisals of our assets as a result of the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic or otherwise; our success in controlling operating expenses and capital expenditures; trends in, or changes to, future bookings and our ability to take future reservations and receive deposits related thereto; 
 5 

Table of Contents 
 adverse events impacting the security of travel, or customer perceptions of the security of travel, such as terrorist acts, armed conflict, such as Russia s invasion of Ukraine, and threats thereof, acts of piracy, and other international events; adverse incidents involving cruise ships; breaches in data security or other disturbances to our information technology and other networks or our actual or perceived failure to comply with requirements regarding data privacy and protection; changes in fuel prices and the type of fuel we are permitted to use and/or other cruise operating costs; mechanical malfunctions and repairs, delays in our shipbuilding program, maintenance and refurbishments and the consolidation of qualified shipyard facilities; the risks and increased costs associated with operating internationally; our inability to recruit or retain qualified personnel or the loss of key personnel or employee relations issues; our inability to obtain adequate insurance coverage; pending or threatened litigation, investigations and enforcement actions; volatility and disruptions in the global credit and financial markets, which may adversely affect our ability to borrow and could increase our counterparty credit risks, including those under our credit facilities, derivatives, contingent obligations, insurance contracts and new ship progress payment guarantees; any further impairment of our trademarks, trade names or goodwill; our reliance on third parties to provide hotel management services for certain ships and certain other services; fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates; our expansion into new markets and investments in new markets and land-based destination projects; overcapacity in key markets or globally; and other factors set forth under Risk Factors herein. Additionally, many of these risks and uncertainties are currently amplified by and will continue to be amplified by, or in the future may be amplified by, the COVID-19 pandemic, Russia s invasion of Ukraine and the impact of general macroeconomic conditions. It is not possible to predict or identify all such risks. There may be additional risks that we consider immaterial or which are unknown. The above examples are not exhaustive and new risks emerge from time to time. Such forward-looking statements are based on our current beliefs, assumptions, expectations, estimates and projections regarding our present and future business strategies and the environment in which we expect to operate in the future. These forward-looking statements speak only as of the date made. We expressly disclaim any obligation or undertaking to release publicly any updates or revisions to any forward-looking statement to reflect any change in our expectations with regard thereto or any change of events, conditions or circumstances on which any such statement was based, except as required by law. WEBSITE REFERENCES In this Annual Report on Form 10-K, we make references to our website at http://www.nclhltd.com. References to our website through this Form 10-K are provided for convenience only and the content on our website does not constitute a part of, and shall not be deemed incorporated by reference into, this Annual Report on Form 10-K. . 
 6 

Table of Contents 
 PART I Item 1. Business History and Development of the Company Norwegian commenced operations from Miami in 1966, launching the modern cruise industry by offering weekly departures from Miami to the Caribbean. In February 2011, NCLH, a Bermuda limited company, was formed. In January 2013, NCLH completed its IPO and the ordinary shares of NCLC were exchanged for the ordinary shares of NCLH, and NCLH became the owner of 100 of the ordinary shares and parent company of NCLC (the Corporate Reorganization ). In November 2014, we completed the Acquisition of Prestige. Our Company Business Overview We are a leading global cruise company which operates the Norwegian Cruise Line, Oceania Cruises and Regent Seven Seas Cruises brands. Due to COVID-19, we temporarily suspended all global cruise voyages from March 2020 until July 2021, when we resumed cruise voyages on a limited basis. In early May 2022, we completed the phased relaunch of our entire fleet with all ships now in operation with guests on board. We refer you to Impact of COVID-19 for further information. As of December 31, 2022, we had 29 ships with approximately 62,000 Berths and had orders for eight additional ships to be delivered. We have converted some double occupancy cabins to studio cabins and we expect to convert approximately 900 additional cabins in early 2023. Additionally, in February 2023, we amended the delivery dates of the last two Prima Class Ships to 2027 and 2028. These ships will be lengthened and re-configured to accommodate the use of methanol as an alternative fuel source in the future. While additional modifications will be needed in the future to fully enable the use of methanol in addition to traditional marine fuel, this reinforces our commitment to reduce greenhouse gas emissions. Our brands offer itineraries to worldwide destinations including Europe, Asia, Australia, New Zealand, South America, Africa, Canada, Bermuda, Caribbean, Alaska and Hawaii. Norwegian s U.S.-flagged ship, Pride of America, provides the industry s only entirely inter-island itinerary in Hawaii. All of our brands offer an assortment of features, amenities and activities, including a variety of accommodations, multiple dining venues, bars and lounges, spa, casino and retail shopping areas and numerous entertainment choices. All brands also offer a selection of shore excursions at each port of call as well as hotel packages for stays before or after a voyage. We have eight ships on order across our portfolio of brands. For the Norwegian brand, we have five Prima Class Ships on order, with currently scheduled delivery dates from 2023 through 2028. For Regent Seven Seas Cruises, we have one Explorer Class Ship on order for delivery in 2023. For Oceania Cruises, we have two Allura Class Ships on order for delivery in 2023 and 2025. These additions to our fleet will increase our total Berths to approximately 82,000. Corporate Information Our registered offices are located at Walkers Corporate (Bermuda) Limited, Park Place, 3rd Floor, 55 Par-la-Ville Road, Hamilton HM 11, Bermuda. Our principal executive offices are located at 7665 Corporate Center Drive, Miami, Florida 33126. Daniel S. Farkas, the Company s Executive Vice President, General Counsel and Assistant Secretary, is our agent for service of process at our principal executive offices. Impact of COVID-19 Safe Resumption of Operations Due to the impact of COVID-19, travel restrictions and limited access to ports around the world, in March 2020, we implemented a voluntary suspension of all cruise voyages across our three brands. In the third quarter of 2021, we began a phased relaunch of certain cruise voyages with ships initially operating at reduced occupancy levels. In early May 
 7 

Table of Contents 
 2022, we completed the phased relaunch of our entire fleet with all ships now in operation with guests on board. Occupancy levels have sequentially increased in recent quarters, most recently averaging 87 in the fourth quarter 2022, with the Company expecting to return to historical Occupancy levels for the second quarter of 2023. During 2022, we benefitted from significant improvements in the public health environment which allowed for the removal of most COVID-19 related health and safety protocols by year-end, unless required by local jurisdictions. For example, in July 2022, the CDC announced that its voluntary COVID-19 Program for Cruise Ships Operating in U.S. Waters was no longer in effect. We will continue to modify and evolve our health and safety protocols as needed along with the broader public health and regulatory environments. We continue to prioritize the health and safety of our guests, crew and communities we visit and follow applicable travel guidelines and local protocols as required by the ports and destinations we visit. The relaxation of protocols, continued easing of travel restrictions and reopening of most ports around the globe to cruise ships has improved travel experiences, expanded the addressable cruise market, allowed us to expand the variety of our itineraries and provided additional catalysts on the road to recovery. The level of occupancy on our ships will depend on a number of factors including, but not limited to, the duration and extent of the COVID-19 pandemic, further resurgences of COVID-19 or the emergence of other public health crises, our ability to comply with governmental regulations and implement new health and safety protocols, port availability, travel restrictions, bans and advisories, our ability to staff certain ships and additionally the impact of other events impacting travel or consumer discretionary spending, such as Russia s ongoing invasion of Ukraine, and general macroeconomic conditions discussed below under Macroeconomic Trends and Uncertainties. Execution of Financial Action Plan In 2022 and 2023, we continued to take actions to bolster our financial condition as part of our long-term post-pandemic financial recovery strategy. In February 2022, we received additional financing through various debt financings, collectively totaling 2.1 billion in gross proceeds, which was used to redeem all of the outstanding 2024 Senior Secured Notes and 2026 Senior Secured Notes and to make scheduled principal payments on debt maturing in 2022, including, in each case, to pay any accrued and unpaid interest thereon, as well as related premiums, fees and expenses. In December 2022, we amended the Senior Secured Credit Facility to extend approximately 1.4 billion of maturities by one year to January 2025. The amendment also updated certain financial covenants and increased our ability to incur additional debt. Each of our export-credit backed facilities were also amended to conform the financial covenants with the Senior Secured Credit Facility. In February 2023, a commitment of 82.5 million in aggregate principal amount of the Revolving Loan Facility that was not previously extended was obtained to assign the commitment to a new lender under the same terms as the extending lenders. In February 2023, NCLC issued 600 million aggregate principal amount of 8.375 senior secured notes due 2028. The proceeds from the notes were used to repay the loans outstanding under our Term Loan A Facility that otherwise would have become due in January 2024, including to pay any accrued and unpaid interest thereon, as well as related premiums, fees and expenses. In July 2022, we amended our 1 billion commitment, which provided additional liquidity to the Company through March 31, 2023. In February 2023, the commitment was further extended through February 2024, with an option for NCLC to further extend the commitments through February 2025 at its election. Simultaneously, the amount of the commitment was reduced to 650 million, which may be drawn in up to two draws, and in connection with the execution of the amended commitment letter, NCLC issued 250 million aggregate principal amount of senior secured notes due 2028. NCLC will use the net proceeds for general corporate purposes. In February 2023, NCLC entered into a backstop agreement (the Backstop Agreement with Morgan Stanley Co., LLC MS ), pursuant to which MS has agreed to provide backstop committed financing to refinance and/or repay in whole or in part up to 300 million of amounts outstanding under the Senior Secured Credit Facility. Refer to Note 8 Long-Term Debt for further details about the above transactions. Refer to Item 7 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Liquidity and Capital Resources for more detail regarding our financial action plan. 
 8 

Table of Contents 
 Strategy for Significant Operational Challenges Operating Efficiency Improvement Initiative We are currently undergoing a broad and ongoing effort to improve operating efficiencies, including cost minimization initiatives, to strengthen the foundation for sustained, profitable growth and mitigate the impact of inflation and supply chain disruptions. The Company has various planned initiatives both shoreside and shipboard, either already implemented or in process, which will contribute to this broader efficiency improvement effort while continuing to provide value to our guests. Russia s Invasion of Ukraine The conflict from Russia s ongoing invasion of Ukraine resulted in the cancellation or modification of approximately 60 sailings in 2022, which included all voyages with calls to ports in Russia. Three ships were redeployed as a result of the conflict including Norwegian Getaway to Port Canaveral, Oceania Cruises Marina to the British Isles and Regent s Seven Seas Splendor to Northern Europe. In addition, we have also removed all calls to ports in Russia from our itineraries in 2023 and 2024. Macroeconomic Trends and Uncertainties As a result of conditions associated with global events, including the downstream effects of the COVID-19 pandemic and Russia s ongoing invasion of Ukraine and actions taken by the United States and other governments in response to the invasion, the global economy, including the financial and credit markets, has experienced significant volatility and disruptions, including increases in inflation rates, fuel prices, and interest rates. Our costs have been, and are expected to continue to be, adversely impacted by these increases. We have used, and may continue to use, derivative instruments to attempt to mitigate the risk of adverse changes in fuel prices and interest expense. In an attempt to mitigate risks related to inflation, our supply chain department has negotiated contracts with varying terms, with a goal of providing us with the ability to take advantage of cost declines when they occur, and diversified our sourcing options. These strategies may not fully offset the impact of current macroeconomic conditions. Furthermore, we are exposed to fluctuations in the euro exchange rate for certain portions of ship construction contracts that have not been hedged. See Item 1A Risk Factors for additional information. 
 9 

Table of Contents 
 Our Fleet The following table presents information about our ships and their primary areas of operation based on current and future itineraries, which are subject to change. Ship (1) Year Built Primary Areas of Operation Norwegian Norwegian Viva (2) 2023 The Bahamas, Caribbean, Europe Norwegian Prima 2022 The Bahamas, Bermuda, Canada New England, Caribbean, Europe Norwegian Encore 2019 Alaska, The Bahamas, Caribbean, Central America, Mexico-Pacific, U.S. West Coast Norwegian Bliss 2018 Alaska, Caribbean, Central America, Europe, Mexico-Pacific, U.S. West Coast Norwegian Joy 2017 The Bahamas, Bermuda, Canada New England, Caribbean, Central America, Mexico-Pacific, U.S. West Coast Norwegian Escape 2015 The Bahamas, Bermuda, Canada New England, Caribbean, Europe Norwegian Getaway 2014 The Bahamas, Bermuda, Canada New England, Caribbean, Europe Norwegian Breakaway 2013 Bermuda, Canada New England, Caribbean, Europe Norwegian Epic 2010 Bermuda, Caribbean, Europe Norwegian Gem 2007 The Bahamas, Bermuda, Canada New England, Caribbean, Central America, Europe Norwegian Jade 2006 Africa, Asia, The Bahamas, Caribbean, Europe Norwegian Pearl 2006 The Bahamas, Bermuda, Canada New England, Caribbean, Central America, Europe Norwegian Jewel 2005 Alaska, Asia, Caribbean, Central America, Mexico-Pacific, U.S. West Coast Pride of America 2005 Hawaii Norwegian Dawn 2002 Africa, Asia, Caribbean, Europe Norwegian Star 2001 Antarctica, Europe, South America Norwegian Sun 2001 Alaska, Asia, Central America, South America, U.S. West Coast Norwegian Sky 1999 Asia, The Bahamas, Canada New England, Caribbean, Central America, Europe Norwegian Spirit 1998 Alaska, Asia, Australia New Zealand, Hawaii, South Pacific Oceania Cruises Oceania Vista (3) 2023 The Bahamas, Bermuda, Canada New England, Caribbean, Central America, Europe, Mexico-Pacific Oceania Riviera 2012 Africa, Alaska, Asia, The Bahamas, Bermuda, Caribbean, Europe Oceania Marina 2011 Africa, Antarctica, Caribbean, Central America, Europe, South America Oceania Nautica 2000 Africa, Asia, Australia New Zealand, Bermuda, Canada New England, Caribbean, Central America, Europe, Hawaii, South America, South Pacific Oceania Sirena 1999 The Bahamas, Bermuda, Caribbean, Central America, Europe, South America Oceania Regatta 1998 Alaska, Asia, Australia New Zealand, Hawaii, Mexico-Pacific, South Pacific, U.S. West Coast Oceania Insignia 1998 Africa, Alaska, Antarctica, Asia, Australia New Zealand, Bermuda, Canada New England, Caribbean, Central America, Europe, Hawaii, Mexico-Pacific, South America, South Pacific, U.S. West Coast Regent Seven Seas Grandeur (4) 2023 The Bahamas, Bermuda, Canada New England, Caribbean, Central America, Europe, Mexico-Pacific Seven Seas Splendor 2020 Antarctica, The Bahamas, Bermuda, Canada New England, Caribbean, Central America, Europe, Mexico-Pacific, South America Seven Seas Explorer 2016 Africa, Alaska, Asia, Australia New Zealand, The Bahamas, Caribbean, Central America, Europe, Mexico-Pacific Seven Seas Voyager 2003 Africa, Antarctica, Bermuda, Europe, South America Seven Seas Mariner 2001 Africa, Alaska, Asia, Australia New Zealand, The Bahamas, Bermuda, Canada New England, Caribbean, Central America, Europe, Hawaii, Mexico-Pacific, South America, South Pacific, U.S. West Coast Seven Seas Navigator 1999 Africa, Asia, Australia New Zealand, Bermuda, Canada New England, Caribbean, Europe, South America, South Pacific 

 (1) The table above does not include the five additional ships on order. (2) The second of the Prima Class Ships, which is expected to be delivered in the summer of 2023. (3) The first of the Allura Class Ships, which is expected to be delivered in the spring of 2023. (4) The last of the Explorer Class Ships, which is expected to be delivered in the fall of 2023. 

 10 

Table of Contents 
 Our Mission, Competitive Strengths Business Strategies Our core mission is to provide exceptional vacation experiences delivered by passionate team members committed to world-class hospitality and innovation. We believe that the following business strengths support our overall strategy to deliver on our mission. Enhanced Product Offering and Guest Experience Our portfolio of ships is comprised of a young and enhanced 29-vessel fleet. We have invested in revitalizations to our ships, which provides an enhanced product offering that we believe delivers higher guest satisfaction and, in turn, higher pricing. Norwegian s ships offer up to 28 dining options, a diverse range of accommodations and what we believe is the widest array of entertainment at sea. Oceania Cruises award-winning onboard dining, with multiple open seating dining venues, is a central highlight of its cruise experience. Regent s all-inclusive offering includes business class air on intercontinental flights, unlimited shore excursions, 1-night pre-cruise hotel package in Concierge Suites and higher, specialty restaurants, unlimited beverages, including fine wines and spirits, pre-paid gratuities, unlimited Wi-Fi, transfers between airport and ship, valet laundry service and other amenities. Historically, we have continually looked for ways to enhance our already strong product offering and onboard guest experience across our three brands and in the destinations we visit. We have done so through ship refurbishments, enhancements to dining and entertainment and enrichment offerings, expansion of immersive shore excursion and land program offerings and more. The Norwegian, Oceania Cruises and Regent brands all offer a high level of onboard service and we collaborate amongst our brands to provide an enhanced guest experience. Norwegian offers guests the freedom and flexibility to design their ideal cruise vacation on their schedule with no set dining times, a variety of entertainment options and no formal dress codes. Oceania Cruises and Regent are known for their quality of service, including some of the highest crew-to-guest ratios in the industry and a staff trained to deliver personalized and attentive service. Rich Stateroom Mix The Norwegian, Oceania Cruises and Regent fleets offer an attractive mix of staterooms, suites and villas. Norwegian s suites range from two-bedroom family suites to penthouses and owner suites, as well as three-bedroom Garden Villas measuring up to 6,694 square feet. In addition, 12 of Norwegian s ships offer The Haven, a key-card access enclave on the upper decks with luxurious suite accommodations, exclusive amenities, and 24/7 butler and concierge service. The Haven suites surround a private courtyard with pool, hot tubs, sundeck, fitness center and steam rooms. On board Norwegian Epic, the Breakaway Class Ships, the Breakaway Plus Class Ships and the Prima Class Ship, The Haven also includes a private lounge and fine dining restaurant. Norwegian s accommodations also include the groundbreaking Studio staterooms designed for solo travelers centered around the Studio Lounge, a private lounge area solely for Studio guests, as well as ocean views, balconies and connecting accommodations to meet the needs of all types of cruisers. The spacious and elegant accommodations on Oceania Cruises six award-winning ships range from 143-square foot inside staterooms to opulent 2,030-square foot owner suites. The Regent fleet is comprised of five ships. Seven Seas Voyager, Seven Seas Mariner, Seven Seas Explorer and Seven Seas Splendor feature all-suite, all-balcony accommodations, and a majority of the accommodations on Seven Seas Navigator include balconies. The two newest ships in the Regent fleet, Seven Seas Splendor and Seven Seas Explorer, also feature the Regent Suite, a 4,443 square-foot luxurious suite accommodation that includes an in-suite spa retreat, a 1,300 square-foot wraparound veranda, and a glass-enclosed solarium sitting area. Itinerary Optimization Premium Itinerary Mix We manage our ships deployments to promote a better breadth of itineraries, sell cruises further in advance and maximize profitability while also considering our efforts to reduce greenhouse gas emissions. We offer a diverse selection of premium itineraries with worldwide deployment and voyages ranging from three days to a 180-day around-the-world cruise. Our vessels call on ports including Scandinavia, Northern Europe, the Mediterranean, the Greek Isles, Alaska, Canada and New England, Hawaii, Asia, Tahiti and the South Pacific, Australia and New Zealand, Africa, India, South America, the Panama Canal and the Caribbean. Our destination management team reviews deployments across 
 11 

Table of Contents 
 the fleet, either repositioning ships to new destinations or fine-tuning itineraries, with the goal of diversifying our deployment and creating product scarcity which, in turn, leads to higher pricing. We are also focused on destination development and have created two private destinations to enhance the shore experience for our guests. We were the first cruise line to develop a private island, Great Stirrup Cay in The Bahamas. This private destination is the Company s private island featuring over 1,500 feet of accessible beachfront with white sand beaches; over 50 cabana and villa options; an array of shore excursions including a new over water zipline experience that extends nearly 3,000 feet in length; and on-island food and beverage offerings. In 2019, we launched Silver Cove, the latest enhancement designed to elevate the guest experience. This exclusive oceanfront lagoon area includes private beachfront villas, a Mandara Spa with beachfront treatments as well as the exclusive Mo t Chandon Bar and upscale Silver Cove Restaurant and Bar. The 38 luxury air-conditioned villas range from studios to larger one-and-two-bedroom villas, all of which include a private bathroom, daybed, club chairs, televisions with on-demand entertainment, outdoor patio and lounge seating, retractable glass walls providing unobstructed views and access to the private beachfront lagoon. In 2016, we introduced Harvest Caye, the Company s private resort-style destination in Southern Belize. The 75-acre destination features Belize s only cruise ship pier, an expansive seven-acre white sand beach, 15,000 sq. ft. pool with swim up bar, multiple dining options and a nature center with wildlife experiences plus adventure tours. Disciplined Fleet Expansion For the Norwegian brand, we have five Prima Class Ships on order, each ranging from approximately 143,500 to 169,000 Gross Tons with 3,100 or more Berths, with currently scheduled delivery dates from 2023 through 2028. For the Regent brand, we have one Explorer Class Ship on order to be delivered in 2023, which will be approximately 55,000 Gross Tons and 750 Berths. For the Oceania Cruises brand, we have orders for two Allura Class Ships to be delivered in 2023 and 2025. Each of the Allura Class Ships will be approximately 67,000 Gross Tons and 1,200 Berths. The impacts of COVID-19 on the shipyards where our ships are under construction (or will be constructed), Russia s ongoing invasion of Ukraine, initiatives to improve environmental sustainability and modifications the Company plans to make to its newbuilds and/or other macroeconomic events have resulted in delays in expected ship deliveries. These and other impacts could result in additional delays in ship deliveries in the future, which may be prolonged. We believe these new ships will allow us to continue expanding the reach of our brands, position us for accelerated growth and provide an optimized return on invested capital. We have obtained or expect to obtain fixed rate export-credit backed financing which is expected to fund approximately 80 of the contract price of each ship currently scheduled to be delivered through 2028, subject to certain conditions. Two-Pronged Go-to-Market Strategy of Market-to-Fill and Value-Add Bundling Our revenue management function performs extensive analyses in order to determine booking history and uses trends by sailing, stateroom category, travel partner, market segment, itinerary and distribution channel in order to optimize cruise ticket revenue. Our core go-to-market strategy results in a longer booking curve with enhanced predictability and the opportunity to increase prices. Our strategy to market-to-fill consists of using marketing instead of price as the main lever to drive demand. The best price is offered early in the booking cycle with value-added promotions used when necessary to further reduce the need to compromise on price. We offer a value-add bundled product for all three brands which we believe leads to higher quality guest bookings. The Norwegian brand offers guests the choice of a more inclusive, value-add product offering on certain stateroom selections by allowing guests to choose from multiple amenities through our Free at Sea program. Our go-to-market strategy assists in maximizing the revenue potential from each customer contact generated. We believe these strategies and other initiatives executed by our distribution channels will drive sustainable growth in the number of guests carried and in revenues achieved. Marketing Strategy Our marketing teams work to enhance brand awareness and consideration of our products and services among consumers and travel partners with the ultimate goal of driving sales. We utilize a multi-channel marketing strategy that may include a combination of print, television, radio, digital, website/e-commerce, direct mail, social media, mobile and 
 12 

Table of Contents 
 e-mail campaigns, partnerships, customer loyalty initiatives, market research, consumer events and business-to-business events. We continue to enhance and expand our use of digital marketing and social media to drive cost efficiencies. Additionally, we continue a deliberate approach on marketing and sales outreach to guests with future cruise credits, as a result of suspended sailings, to encourage redemption of cruise credits towards future sailings. Building customer loyalty among our past guests is an important element of our marketing strategy. Past guests create a cost-effective means of attracting business, particularly to our new ships and itineraries as they are familiar with our brands, products and services and often return to cruise with us. We will continue to optimize our customer databases and target marketing capabilities to further enhance our communications with our past guests who receive e-mail, direct mail and brochures with informative destination and product information and promotional amenities. Our marketing mix includes a balance of initiatives that both allow us to build our brand awareness to attract new-to-brand customers, while also focusing on more targeted marketing communications aimed at retaining our current loyal repeat guest base. Continued investments in our websites and applications will be key not only to driving interest and bookings, but also to ensuring the optimal pre-cruise planning experience offering guests the ability to shop, reserve and purchase a breadth of onboard products and services. We have a strong communications stream that provides customized pre-cruise information to help guests maximize their cruise experience as well as a series of communications to welcome them home post cruise to engage them in booking their next cruise vacation with us. Travel advisors are crucial to our marketing and distribution efforts. We provide robust marketing support and enhanced tools for our travel advisor partners through a variety of programs. Our travel partners can benefit from our online travel partner education programs that include a wide variety of courses about our products and experiences, itineraries and other best-selling practices. Advisors can also easily customize a multitude of consumer marketing materials for their use in promoting and marketing our products through our online platforms. Guest feedback is also a critically important element in the development of our overall marketing and business strategies. We regularly initiate guest feedback studies among both travel partners and consumers to assess the impact of various programs and/or to solicit information that helps shape future direction of the experiences we provide. Expand and Strengthen Our Product Distribution Channels As part of our growth strategy, we continually look for ways to deepen and expand our sales channels. We have strategic relationships with travel advisors and tour operators who commit to selling a certain level of inventory with long lead times. The retail/travel advisor channel represents the majority of our ticket sales. Our travel partner base is comprised of an extensive network of independent travel advisors worldwide. We have made substantial investments with improvements in booking technologies, transparent pricing strategies, effective marketing tools, improved communication and cooperative marketing initiatives to enhance and facilitate the ability of travel advisors to market and sell our products. We have sales teams who work closely with our travel advisor partners on maximizing their marketing and sales effectiveness across all three of our brands. Our focused account management is designed to create solutions catered to the individual retailer through product and sales training. This education process creates a deeper understanding of all our product offerings. We have invested in our brands by enhancing websites, mobile applications and passenger services departments including our personal cruise consultants, who offer personalized service throughout the process of designing cruise vacations for our guests. We have also enhanced our capabilities to enable guests to customize their vacation experience with certain onboard product offerings. As sailings have resumed, we utilize our onboard cruise sales channel where guests can book their next cruise or purchase cruise certificates to apply to their next cruise while vacationing on our ships. Our meetings, incentives and charters channel focuses on full ship charters as well as corporate meetings and incentive travel. These sales often have very long lead times and can fill a significant portion of the ship s capacity, or even an entire sailing, in one transaction. Sixthman, a subsidiary company specializing in developing and delivering music-oriented charters, provides a market to sell high-quality music experiences to guests. To further grow and expand this channel, we introduced a new branded initiative Experiences at Sea, consisting of Sixthman and the Company s Charters, Meetings Incentives department. Experiences at Sea will focus on corporate, incentive and affinity-focused clients across all three of our brands. 
 13 

Table of Contents 
 Casino Player Strategy We have non-exclusive arrangements with casino partners worldwide whereby loyal gaming guests are offered cruise reward certificates redeemable for cruises. Through property sponsored events and joint marketing programs, we have the opportunity to market cruises to these guests. These arrangements with casino partners have the dual benefit of filling open inventory and reaching guests expected to generate above-average onboard revenue through the casino and other onboard spending. Strengthening Our Global Footprint Our international efforts are aimed at strengthening our global footprint by increasing brand awareness across the globe which allows us to diversify our guest sourcing. We maintain numerous sales offices which support sales and marketing efforts in various markets outside of North America including the United Kingdom, Europe, Hong Kong, Australia, Brazil, India, Japan and Singapore. Our Commitment to Sustainability The continued success of our business is linked to our ability to operate and grow sustainably. We are committed to driving a positive impact on society and the environment through our global sustainability program, Sail Sustain. The Sail Sustain program is centered around five pillars: Reducing Environmental Impact, Sailing Safely, Empowering People, Strengthening Our Communities and Operating with Integrity and Accountability. NCLH s Board of Directors is actively engaged in overseeing the Sail Sustain program and Environmental, Social and Governance ESG strategy and implementation through its Technology, Environmental, Safety Security Committee. Reducing our environmental impact is a key component of the Sail Sustain program. All of our ships have environmental management systems that are certified under the International Organization for Standardization s 14001 Standard. This voluntary standard sets requirements for the establishment and implementation of a comprehensive environmental management system. As part of our environmental commitment, we have a long-term climate action strategy with a commitment to pursue net zero greenhouse gas emissions by 2050. The three components of our climate action strategy include: Reducing Carbon Intensity, Investing in Technology and Exploring Alternative Fuels, and Implementing a Voluntary Carbon Offset Program. Each ship in our fleet has a Shipboard Energy Efficiency Management Plan with the objective to improve the overall operating efficiency of the ship by implementing methods for energy and fuel savings. We evaluate, monitor, and implement energy-savings projects on our existing ships including but not limited to HVAC system upgrades, LED lighting, low friction silicone hull coating, hydrodynamic upgrades, and waste heat recovery projects. There is no clear path today to achieve net zero for the cruise industry, and this effort will require significant technology advancements including commercially viable and scalable low or zero emission fuels, but we are committed to doing our part to facilitate this transition. For example, we have partnered with MAN Energy Solutions on a multi-stage feasibility assessment and project with the goal of retrofitting an existing engine to use with dual fuels, both diesel and methanol. In addition, we have successfully tested the use of biofuel blends, blended with approximately 30 biofuel and approximately 70 marine gas oil, on several ships as a potential drop-in solution that does not require modifications to existing engines. We are also investing in shore power capabilities, which with the appropriate port infrastructure would allow us to connect to onshore electrical power grids to supply much of the power needed while docked. A total of 11 ships in our fleet are currently equipped with shore power capabilities and we are targeting approximately 70 of our fleet to be equipped with this capability by year-end 2025. In early 2022, we created a formal governance structure dedicated to the oversight of our climate action and decarbonization strategy. The Decarbonization Executive Steering Committee is an internal, cross-functional committee responsible for governing and steering the company-wide climate action and decarbonization strategy. The committee is comprised of our President and Chief Executive Officer and other executive officers. To supplement the committee, a Decarbonization Action Group comprised of senior leaders across the organization was also created to enhance cross-collaboration and coordination in support of our climate action strategy and goals. In late 2021, we also began climate risks and scenario planning which resulted in the publication of our first disclosure aligned with the Task Force on Climate-related Financial Disclosures TCFD framework in April 2022, which can be found on our website. 
 14 

Table of Contents 
 We also drive social impact through our philanthropy initiatives, partnerships and community engagement programs in our local communities and at the destinations we visit worldwide. We provide regular updates to our stakeholders on our sustainability efforts and promote awareness on important topics, including environmental stewardship, through our Sail Sustain program, our annual ESG report and through various communications regarding important sustainability initiatives across various distribution channels including but not limited to press releases, social media and our corporate website. We have published disclosures aligned with the Sustainability Accounting Standards Board framework as well as a TCFD report to provide additional transparency to our stakeholders. For additional information regarding our sustainability initiatives, please visit our website at www.nclhltd.com. Highly Experienced Management Team Our senior management team is comprised of executives with extensive experience in the cruise, travel, leisure and hospitality-related industries. Mr. Frank Del Rio is our President and Chief Executive Officer. Mr. Del Rio is a 30-year cruise industry veteran who founded Oceania Cruises in 2002. Under his leadership, Oceania Cruises grew from a fledgling start-up to a dominant player in the upscale cruise market. He further led Oceania Cruises acquisition of Regent Seven Seas Cruises. After NCLH acquired Prestige, Mr. Del Rio led the combined company to many milestones including expanding its fleet with the newest and most innovative ships at sea, introducing the Company s latest private destination, Harvest Caye in Belize, leading the Company s Great Cruise Comeback following the COVID-19 related global cruise voyage suspension and significantly expanding and strengthening its global footprint. Mr. Mark A. Kempa, our Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, has been with the Company for over twenty years holding several positions of increasing responsibility in Norwegian s finance organization, playing an instrumental role in several of the Company s key milestones, including its successful IPO and the Acquisition of Prestige. Mr. T. Robin Lindsay, our Executive Vice President, Vessel Operations, is responsible for Marine Technical Operations, Hotel Operations, Entertainment, Product Development, and Newbuild and Ship Refurbishment for all three of the Company s brands. Mr. Lindsay has been with the Company for two decades dating back to 2003, when he joined Oceania Cruises as Senior Vice President, Hotel Operations. Mr. Harry Sommer, our President and Chief Executive Officer of Norwegian Cruise Line, is responsible for the Company s largest brand including sales, marketing, revenue management, passenger services, itinerary development, international business development and operations. Mr. Sommer is an over 30-year cruise industry veteran who has held various executive roles at the Company throughout his tenure including serving as President, International for all three of our brands. See Information about our Executive Officers below for more information on our highly experienced management team. Passenger Ticket Revenue We offer our guests a wide variety of cruise fare options when booking a cruise. Our cruise ticket prices generally include cruise fare and a wide variety of onboard activities and amenities, meals, entertainment and port fees and taxes. In some instances, cruise ticket prices include round-trip airfare to and from the port of embarkation, complimentary beverages, unlimited shore excursions, internet, valet laundry services, pre-cruise hotel packages, and on some of the exotic itineraries pre or post land packages. Prices vary depending on the particular cruise itinerary, stateroom category selected and the time of year that the voyage takes place. Onboard and Other Revenue All three brands generate onboard and other revenue for additional products and services which are not included in the cruise fare, including casino operations, certain food and beverage, shore excursions, gift shop purchases, spa services, Wi-Fi services and other similar items. Food and beverage, casino operations and shore excursions are generally managed directly by us while retail shops, spa services, art auctions and internet services may be managed through contracts with third-party concessionaires. These contracts generally entitle us to a percentage of the gross sales derived 
 15 

Table of Contents 
 from these concessions. Norwegian s ticket prices typically include cruise accommodations, meals in certain dining facilities and many onboard activities such as entertainment, pool-side activities and various sports programs. To maximize onboard revenue, all three brands use various cross-marketing and promotional tools which are supported by point-of-sale systems permitting cashless transactions for the sale of these products and services. Oceania Cruises ticket prices may include air transportation and certain other amenities. Regent s ticket prices typically include air transportation, unlimited shore excursions, a pre-cruise hotel night stay (for concierge level and above), premium wines and top shelf liquors, specialty restaurants, Wi-Fi, valet laundry and gratuities. Seasonality Our operations are seasonal and results for interim periods are not necessarily indicative of the results for the entire fiscal year. Historically, demand for cruises has been strongest during the Northern Hemisphere s summer months; however, our cruise voyages were completely suspended from March 2020 until July 2021 due to the COVID-19 pandemic and our resumption of cruise voyages was phased in gradually, with our full fleet back in operation in early May 2022. Competition Our primary competition includes operators such as Carnival and Royal Caribbean as well as other cruise lines such as MSC Cruises, Viking Ocean Cruises and Virgin Voyages. In addition, we compete with land-based vacation alternatives, such as hotels and resorts, vacation ownership properties, casinos, and tourist destinations throughout the world. Ship Operations and Cruise Infrastructure Ship Maintenance and Logistics Sophisticated and efficient maintenance and operations systems support the technical superiority and modern look of our fleet. In addition to routine repairs and maintenance performed on an ongoing basis and in accordance with applicable requirements, each of our ships is generally taken out of service, approximately every 24 to 60 months, for a period of one or more weeks for scheduled maintenance work, repairs and improvements performed in Dry-dock. Dry-dock interval is a statutory requirement controlled under IMO requirements reflected in chapters of the International Convention of the Safety of Life at Seas SOLAS and to some extent the International Load Lines Convention. Under these regulations, it is required that a passenger ship Dry-dock once in five years (depending on age of vessel) or twice in five years (depending on flag state and age of vessel) and the maximum interval between each Dry-dock cannot exceed three years (depending on flag state and age of vessel). However, most of our international ships qualify under a special exemption provided by The Bahamas and/or Marshall Islands (flag state), as applicable, after meeting certain criteria set forth by the ship s flag state to Dry-dock once every five years. To the extent practical, each ship s crew, catering and hotel staff remain with the ship during the Dry-dock period and assist in performing repair and maintenance work. Accordingly, Dry-dock work is typically performed during non-peak demand periods to minimize the adverse effect on revenue that results from ships being out of service. Dry-docks are typically scheduled in spring or autumn and depend on shipyard availability. We typically take this opportunity to upgrade the vessels in all areas of both guest-facing services and innovative compliance technology. Suppliers Our largest capital expenditures are for ship construction and acquisition. Our largest operating expenditures are for payroll and related (including our contract with a third party who provides certain crew services), fuel, airfare, food and beverage, advertising and marketing and travel advisor services. Most of the supplies that we require are available from numerous sources at competitive prices. In addition, due to the large quantities that we purchase, we can obtain favorable prices for many of our supplies. Our purchases for ship construction expenditures are generally denominated in euros and other purchases are denominated primarily in U.S. dollars. Payment terms granted by the suppliers are generally customary terms for the cruise industry. Crew and Staff Best-in-class guest service levels are paramount in the markets in which we operate, where travelers have discerning tastes and high expectations for quality service. We have dedicated resources to ensure that our service offerings on all of our ships meet the demands of our guests. Among other initiatives, we have implemented rigorous onboard training 
 16 

Table of Contents 
 programs, with a focus on career development. We believe that our dedication to anticipating and meeting our guests every need differentiates our operations and fosters close relationships between our guests and crew, helping to build customer loyalty. We place the utmost importance on the safety of our guests, crew and the communities we visit. We operate all our vessels to meet and exceed the requirements of SOLAS and International Management Code for the Safe Operation of Ships and for Pollution Prevention ISM Code ), the international safety standards which govern the cruise industry. Crew members are trained in the Company s stringent safety protocols, participating in regular safety trainings, exercises and drills onboard every one of our ships to familiarize themselves and become proficient with the safety equipment onboard. In order to expand our public health protocols, we have developed an Infectious Disease Management System that our crew members are trained on prior to returning to service. These policies were certified and audited to DNV s Certification in Infection Prevention which further enhances our outbreak prevention and response to all types of infectious disease including, but not limited to COVID-19, norovirus, acute gastroenteritis, influenza and influenza-like illnesses. Our captains and chief engineers are experienced seafarers. Our bridge and technical officers regularly undergo rigorous operations training such as leadership, navigation, stability, statutory and environmental regulatory compliance. To support our deck and engine officers while at sea, we have bridge and engine protocols and support documentation in place, dictating specific standard operating procedures. Our bridge teams conduct a voyage planning process prior to sailing, where the upcoming itinerary is reviewed and discussed by the captain and bridge team prior to departure and in preparation for arrival. In addition, all of our ships employ state-of-the-art navigational equipment and technology to ensure that our bridge teams have accurate data regarding the planned itinerary. Prior to every cruise setting sail, we hold a mandatory safety drill for all guests during which important safety information is reviewed and demonstrated. We also show a safety video which runs continuously on the stateroom televisions. Our fleet is equipped with modern navigational control and fire prevention and control systems. We have developed a Safety Management System SMS ), which establishes policies, procedures, training, qualification, quality, compliance, audit and self-improvement standards. SMS also provides real-time reports and information to support the fleet and risk management decisions. Through these systems, our senior managers, as well as ship management, can focus on consistent, high quality operation of the fleet. Our SMS is approved and audited regularly by our classification society, Lloyds Register, and it also undergoes regular internal audits as well as periodic inspections by the U.S. Coast Guard, flag state and other port and state authorities. Insurance We maintain insurance on the hull and machinery of our ships, which are maintained in amounts related to the estimated market value of each ship. The coverage for each of the hull and machinery policies is maintained with syndicates of insurance underwriters from the European and U.S. insurance markets. In addition to the insurance coverage on the hull and machinery of our ships, we seek to maintain comprehensive insurance coverage and believe that our current coverage is at appropriate levels to protect against most of the accident-related risks involved in the conduct of our business. The insurance we carry includes: Protection and indemnity insurance (coverage for passenger, crew and third-party liabilities), including insurance against risk of pollution liabilities; War risk insurance, including terrorist risk insurance. The terms of our war risk policies include provisions where underwriters can give seven days notice to the insured that the policies will be cancelled in the event of a change of risk which is typical for policies in the marine industry. Upon any proposed cancellation the insurer shall, before expiry of the seven-day period, submit new terms; and Insurance for our shoreside property, cybersecurity, directors and officers, general liability risks and other insurance coverages. 
 Our insurance coverage, including those noted above, is subject to certain limitations, exclusions and deductible levels. 
 17 

Table of Contents 
 Trademarks and Trade Names Under the Norwegian brand, we own a number of registered trademarks relating to, among other things, the names NORWEGIAN CRUISE LINE and FEEL FREE, the names of our ships (except where trademark applications for these have been filed and are pending), incentive programs and specialty services rendered on our ships and specialty accommodations such as THE HAVEN BY NORWEGIAN. In addition, we own registered trademarks relating to the FREESTYLE family of names, including, FREESTYLE CRUISING, FREESTYLE DINING and FREESTYLE VACATION. We believe that these trademarks are widely recognized throughout North America, Europe and other areas of the world and have considerable value. Under the Oceania Cruises brand, we own a number of registered trademarks relating to, among other things, the names OCEANIA CRUISES and its logo, REGATTA, INSIGNIA, and YOUR WORLD. YOUR WAY. Under the Regent brand, we own registered trademarks relating to, among other things, the names SEVEN SEAS CRUISES and AN UNRIVALED EXPERIENCE as well as the names of our ships (except where trademark applications have been filed and are pending). We also claim common law rights in trademarks and trade names used in conjunction with our ships, incentive programs, customer loyalty program and specialty services rendered onboard our ships for each of our brands. The Regent ships have been operating under the Regent brand since 2006. We entered into a trademark license agreement with Regent Hospitality Worldwide, Inc., which we amended in February 2011, granting us the right to use the Regent brand family of marks. The amended trademark license agreement allows Regent to use the Regent trade name, in conjunction with cruises, in perpetuity, subject to the terms and conditions in the agreement. Regulatory Matters Registration of Our Ships Twenty of the ships that we currently operate are registered in The Bahamas. One of our ships, Pride of America, is a U.S.-flagged ship. Eight of our ships are registered in the Marshall Islands. Our ships registered in The Bahamas and the Marshall Islands are inspected at least annually pursuant to Bahamian and Marshall Islands requirements and are subject to International laws and regulations and to various U.S. federal regulatory agencies, including, but not limited to, the U.S. Public Health Service and the U.S. Coast Guard. Our U.S.-registered ship is subject to laws and regulations of the U.S. federal government, including, but not limited to, the Food and Drug Administration FDA ), the U.S. Coast Guard and U.S. Department of Labor. The international, national, state and local laws, regulations, treaties and other legal requirements applicable to our operations change regularly, depending on the itineraries of our ships and the ports and countries visited. Our ships are subject to inspection by the port regulatory authorities in the various countries that they visit. Such inspections include verification of compliance with the maritime safety, security, environmental, customs, immigration, health and labor regulations applicable to each port as well as with international requirements. Economic Substance Requirements NCLH and NCLC are exempted companies formed under the laws of Bermuda and some of their subsidiaries have been formed in Bermuda, Guernsey, Isle of Man, British Virgin Islands, Cayman Islands or The Bahamas. Pursuant to the legislation passed in each jurisdiction, entities subject to each jurisdiction s laws that carry out relevant activities as specified in such laws, are required to demonstrate substantial economic substance in that jurisdiction. In general terms, substantial economic substance means: (i) the entity is actually directed and managed in the jurisdiction; (ii) core income-generating activities relating to the applicable relevant activity are performed in the jurisdiction; (iii) there are adequate employees in the jurisdiction; (iv) the entity maintains adequate physical presence in the jurisdiction; and (v) there is adequate operating expenditure in the jurisdiction. We have evaluated the activities of NCLH, NCLC and their subsidiaries and have concluded that in some cases, those activities are relevant activities for the purposes of the applicable economic substance laws and that, consequently, certain entities within our organization will be required to demonstrate compliance with these economic substance requirements. We may be subject to increased costs and our management team may be required to devote significant time to satisfying economic substance requirements in certain of 
 18 

Table of Contents 
 these jurisdictions. If such entities cannot establish compliance with these requirements, we may be liable for penalties and fines in the applicable jurisdictions and/or required to re-domicile such entities to different jurisdictions. Environmental Protection Our ships are subject to various international, national, state and local laws and regulations relating to environmental protection, including those that govern air emissions, waste discharge, wastewater management and disposal, and use and disposal of hazardous substances such as chemicals, solvents and paints. Under such laws and regulations, we are prohibited from discharging certain materials, such as petrochemicals and plastics, into waterways, and we must adhere to various water and air quality-related requirements. With regard to air quality requirements, the IMO convention entitled Prevention of Pollution from Ships MARPOL set a global limit on fuel sulfur content of 0.5 . Various compliance methods, such as the use of alternative fuels, or exhaust gas cleaning systems that reduce an equivalent amount of sulfur emissions, may be utilized. MARPOL also requires stricter limitations on sulfur emissions within designated Emission Control Areas ECAs ), which include the Baltic Sea, the North Sea/English Channel, North American waters and the U.S. Caribbean Sea. Ships operating in these waters are required to use fuel with a sulfur content of no more than 0.1 or use approved alternative emission reduction methods. ECAs have also been established to limit emissions of oxides of nitrogen from newly built ships. Additional ECAs may also be established in the future, with areas around Norway, Japan, and the Mediterranean Sea being considered. Ballast water discharges are governed by the MARPOL Ballast Water Management Convention, which came into force in 2017 The Convention ), and which governs the discharge of ballast water from ships. Ballast water, which is seawater held onboard ships and used for stabilization, may contain a variety of marine species. The Convention is designed to regulate the treatment and discharge of ballast water to avoid the transfer of marine species to new, different, or potentially unsuitable environments. Applicable vessels sailing in specific itineraries have also been upgraded with ballast water treatment systems to further prevent the spread of invasive species. MARPOL also sets forth requirements for discharges of garbage, oil and sewage from ships, including regulations regarding the ships equipment and systems for the control of such discharges, and the provision of port reception facilities for sewage handling. Ships are generally prohibited from discharging sewage into the sea within a specified distance from the nearest land. Governments are required to ensure the provision of adequate reception facilities at ports and terminals for the reception of sewage, without causing delay to ships. Ships are generally required to be equipped with either approved sewage treatment plants, disinfecting systems or sewage holding tanks. Amendments to MARPOL have made the Baltic Sea a Special Area where sewage discharges from passenger ships will be prohibited unless they comply with Resolution MEPC 227(64) adopted by the Marine Environmental Protection Committee MEPC of the IMO. Stricter discharge restrictions went into effect for new passenger ships in 2019, and for existing passenger ships in 2021. In the U.S., the Clean Water Act of 1972, and other laws and regulations, provide the Environmental Protection Agency EPA and the U.S. Coast Guard with the authority to regulate commercial vessels incidental discharges of ballast water, bilge water, gray water, anti-fouling paints and other substances during normal operations while a vessel is in inland waters, within three nautical miles of land, and in designated federally-protected waters. The U.S. National Pollutant Discharge Elimination System NPDES program, authorized by the Clean Water Act, was established to reduce pollution within U.S. territorial waters. For our affected ships, all of the NPDES requirements are set forth in the EPA s Vessel General Permit VGP ). The VGP establishes effluent limits for 26 specific discharge streams incidental to the normal operation of a vessel. In addition to these discharge- and vessel-specific requirements, the VGP includes requirements for inspections, monitoring, reporting and recordkeeping. In 2018, the Vessel Incidental Discharge Act VIDA ), which will eventually replace the VGP, was signed into law, and in October 2020, the EPA published a notice of proposed rulemaking to establish national standards of performance under VIDA that would apply to 20 different types of vessel equipment and systems, as well as general discharge standards that would apply to all types of vessel incidental discharges. The VGP has been administratively extended while standards under VIDA are being developed. With certain exceptions, VIDA requires that the new standards be at least as stringent as the VGP requirements. 
 19 

Table of Contents 
 The Act to Prevent Pollution from Ships, which implements certain elements of MARPOL in the U.S., provides for potentially severe civil and criminal penalties related to ship-generated pollution for incidents in U.S. waters within three nautical miles of land and, in some cases, within the 200-nautical mile Exclusive Economic Zone EEZ ). The Oil Pollution Act of 1990 OPA 90 provides for strict liability for water pollution caused by the discharge of oil in the 200-nautical mile EEZ of the U.S., subject to defined monetary limits. OPA 90 requires that in order for us to operate in U.S. waters, we must have Certificates of Financial Responsibility COFR from the U.S. Coast Guard for each ship. Our continued OPA 90 certification signifies our ability to meet the requirements for related OPA 90 liability in the event of an oil spill or release of a hazardous substance. Many coastal U.S. states have also enacted environmental regulations that impose strict liability for removal costs and damages resulting from a discharge of oil or a release of a hazardous substance. These laws may be more stringent than U.S. federal law and, in some cases, the laws have no statutory limits of liability. Among the most stringent requirements are those set by the State of Alaska, which has enacted legislation that prohibits certain discharges in designated state waters and requires that certain discharges be monitored to verify compliance with the established standards. The legislation also provides that repeat violators of the regulations could be prohibited from operating in Alaskan waters. The European Union E.U. has also adopted a substantial and diverse range of environmental measures aimed at maintaining or improving the quality of the environment. To support the implementation and enforcement of European environmental legislation, the E.U. has adopted directives on environmental liability and enforcement as well as a recommendation providing for minimum criteria for environmental inspections. With regard to air emissions from seagoing ships, the E.U. requires the use of low sulfur (less than 0.1 marine gas oil in E.U. ports. All non-ECA waters have a 0.5 fuel sulfur limit. As part of its Fit for 55 package, the E.U. is in the process of adopting several rules aimed at reducing greenhouse gas emissions. Two of the mechanisms that are being used to achieve emissions reductions are the Emissions Trading System ETS and the FuelEU Maritime Initiative. We may have increased costs associated with the Fit for 55 regulations but are not able to quantify the impact yet as the various regulations are not finalized and the impact of certain proposals like the ETS will depend on future market pricing. In addition, strategies to reduce greenhouse gas emissions as well as ship deployment modifications could mitigate the impact of these regulations. ETS: The maritime transport sector was recently approved to be included in the scope of the ETS. Effective January 2024, ships over 5,000 Gross Tons that transport passengers or cargo to or from E.U. member state ports would be required to purchase and surrender emissions allowances equivalent to emissions for all or a half of a covered voyage, depending on whether the voyage was between two E.U. ports or an E.U. and a non-E.U. port. The requirements will be phased in from 2024 to 2026. Beginning in 2024, covered entities would be required to procure and surrender allowances equivalent to 40 of their verified carbon emissions, with the amount increasing to 70 of carbon emissions in 2025 and 100 of greenhouse gas emissions in 2026, with allowances to be surrendered in the following year. The costs associated with the purchase of allowances are variable and will depend on future market movements. FuelEU Maritime Initiative: The proposed FuelEU regulation would set a maximum limit on the greenhouse gas intensity of onboard energy usage for ships arriving at, sailing in or departing from E.U. ports, which will become progressively stricter over time. Other key components of the regulation include requirements for connecting to onshore power grids in E.U. ports as well as targets for the use of renewable fuels of non-biological origin. 
 In 2021, the IMO adopted two new requirements, which have entered into effect in 2023, the Carbon Intensity Indicator (the CII and Energy Efficiency Ship Index (the EEXI ), which each regulate carbon emissions for ships. The CII is an operational metric designed to measure how efficiently a ship transports goods or passengers by looking at carbon dioxide emissions per nautical mile. Ships are given an annual rating from A to E with a C or better required for compliance. For ships that receive a D rating for three consecutive years, or an E rating for one year, a corrective action plan will need to be developed and approved. In 2023, ships will be required to reduce carbon intensity by 5 from a 2019 baseline with 2 incremental improvements each year thereafter until 2030. The enforcement mechanism for CII has not yet been defined. The EEXI is a one-time design re-certification requirement that updates energy efficiency 
 20 

Table of Contents 
 requirements for existing ships and regulates carbon dioxide emissions related to installed engine power, transport capacity and ship speed. Compliance with the EEXI is not expected to have a material impact on our operations. Compliance with such laws and regulations is expected to entail significant expenses for a combination of: ship modifications, purchases of emissions allowances, alternative fuels and higher-cost compliant newbuilds. Compliance is also expected to result in changes to our operating procedures, including limitations on our ability to operate in certain locations and slowing the speed of our ships, and may render some ships obsolete, which would adversely impact our operations. These issues are, and we believe will continue to be, areas of focus by the relevant authorities throughout the world. This could result in the enactment of more stringent regulation of cruise ships that would subject us to increasing compliance costs in the future. Some environmental groups continue to lobby for more extensive oversight of cruise ships and have generated negative publicity about the cruise industry and its environmental impact. If we violate or fail to comply with environmental laws, regulations or treaties, we could be fined or otherwise sanctioned by regulators. We have made, and will continue to make, capital and other expenditures to comply with changing environmental laws, regulations and treaties. Any fines or other sanctions for violation or failure to comply with environmental requirements or any expenditures required to comply with environmental requirements could have a material adverse effect on our business, operations, cash flow or financial condition. We expect to make material investments in our business to comply with these laws and regulations; however, the total impact cannot be determined as we are evaluating our compliance plans. We refer you to Our Mission, Competitive Strengths Business Strategies Our Commitment to Sustainability for information related to our Environmental, Social and Governance strategy. Permits for Glacier Bay, Alaska In connection with certain Alaska cruise operations, we rely on concession permits from the U.S. National Park Service to operate our ships in Glacier Bay National Park and Preserve. We currently hold a concession permit allowing for 41 calls annually through September 30, 2029. Passenger and Crew Well-Being In the U.S., we must meet the U.S. Public Health Service s requirements, which include vessel ratings by inspectors from the Vessel Sanitation Program of the CDC and the FDA. In addition, the cruise industry and the U.S. Public Health Service have agreed on regulations for food, water and hygiene, aimed at proactively protecting the health of travelers and preventing illness transmission to U.S. ports. We continue to work directly with the CDC Maritime Unit as well as other health regulatory authorities, such as E.U. Healthy Gateways, to adjust our infectious disease (COVID-19, influenza, noro virus) response protocols. Security and Safety The IMO has adopted safety standards as part of the SOLAS convention, which apply to all our ships. SOLAS establishes requirements for vessel design, structural features, construction methods and materials, refurbishment standards, life-saving equipment, fire protection and detection, safe management and operation and security in order to help ensure the safety and security of our guests and crew. All our crew undergo regular security and safety training exercises pursuant to international and national maritime regulations. SOLAS requires that all cruise ships are certified as having safety procedures that comply with the requirements of the International Management Code for the Safe Operation of Ships and for Pollution Prevention ISM Code ). All of our ships are certified as to compliance with the ISM Code. Each such certificate is granted for a five-year period and is subject to periodic verification. The SOLAS requirements are amended and extended by the IMO from time to time. For example, the International Port and Ship Facility Code ISPS Code was adopted by the IMO in December 2002 with the goal of strengthening maritime security by placing new requirements on governments, port authorities and shipping companies. Amendments to SOLAS required that ships constructed in accordance with pre-1974 SOLAS requirements install automatic sprinkler systems. IMO adopted an amendment to SOLAS which requires partial bulkheads on stateroom 
 21 

Table of Contents 
 balconies to be of non-combustible construction. The SOLAS regulation implemented Long-Range Identification and Tracking. All our ships are in compliance with the requirements of SOLAS as amended and/or as applicable to the keel-laying date. In addition to the requirements of the ISPS Code, the U.S. Congress enacted the Maritime Transportation Security Act of 2002 MTSA which implements a number of security measures at ports in the U.S. including measures that apply to ships registered outside the U.S. while docking at ports in the U.S. The U.S. Coast Guard has published MTSA regulations that require a security plan for every ship entering the territorial waters of the U.S., provide for identification requirements for ships entering such waters and establish various procedures for the identification of crew members on such ships. The Transportation Workers Identification Credential is a U.S. requirement for accessibility into and onto U.S. ports and U.S.-flagged ships. Maritime-Labor In 2006, the International Labor Organization ILO ), an agency of the United Nations that develops and oversees international labor standards, adopted a new Consolidated Maritime Labor Convention MLC 2006 ). MLC 2006 contains a comprehensive set of global standards based on those that are already found in 68 maritime labor Conventions and Recommendations adopted by the ILO since 1920. MLC 2006 includes a broad range of requirements, such as a broader definition of a seafarer, minimum age of seafarers, medical certificates, recruitment practices, training, repatriation, food, recreational facilities, health and welfare, hours of work and rest, accommodations, wages and entitlements. MLC 2006 added requirements not previously in effect, in the areas of occupational safety and health. MLC 2006 became effective in certain countries commencing August 2013. The Standard of Training Certification and Watch Keeping for Seafarers, as amended STCW ), establishes minimum standards relating to training, certification and watch-keeping for our seafarers. Financial Requirements The Federal Maritime Commission FMC requires evidence of financial responsibility for those offering transportation on passenger ships operating out of U.S. ports to indemnify passengers in the event of non-performance of the transportation. Accordingly, each of our three brands is required to maintain a 32.0 million third-party performance guarantee in respect of liabilities for non-performance of transportation and other obligations to passengers. The guarantee requirements are subject to additional consumer price index-based adjustments. In addition, our brands have a legal requirement to maintain security guarantees based on cruise business originated from the U.K., and certain jurisdictions require us to establish financial responsibility to meet liability in the event of non-performance of our obligations to passengers from those jurisdictions. As of December 31, 2022, we have in place approximately 68.6 million of security guarantees for our brands as well as a consumer protection policy covering up to 82.4 million. The Company has provided approximately 29.7 million in cash to secure all the financial security guarantees required. Compliance with these regulations has had an impact on our financial condition. From time to time, various other regulatory and legislative changes have been or may in the future be proposed that may have an effect on our operations in the U.S. and the cruise industry in general. We cannot estimate the expenses we may incur to comply with potential new laws or changes to existing laws, or the other potential effects these laws may have on our business. For information regarding risks associated with our compliance with legal and regulatory requirements, see Part I Item 1A-Risk Factors in this annual report on Form 10-K, including the risk factor titled We are subject to complex laws and regulations, including environmental, health and safety, labor, data privacy and protection and maritime laws and regulations, which could adversely affect our operations and certain recently introduced laws and regulations and future changes in laws and regulations could lead to increased costs and/or decreased revenue. Taxation U.S. Income Taxation The following discussion is based upon current provisions of the Internal Revenue Code (the Code ), U.S. Treasury regulations, administrative rulings and court decisions, all of which are subject to change, possibly with retroactive 
 22 

Table of Contents 
 effect. Changes in these authorities may cause the tax consequences to vary substantially from the consequences described below. Exemption of International Shipping Income under Section 883 of the Code Under Section 883 of the Code Section 883 and the related regulations, a foreign corporation will be exempt from U.S. federal income taxation on its U.S.-source income derived from the international operation of ships shipping income if: (a) it is organized in a qualified foreign country, which is one that grants an equivalent exemption from tax to corporations organized in the U.S. in respect of each category of shipping income for which exemption is being claimed under Section 883; and (b) either: (1) more than 50 of the value of its stock is beneficially owned, directly or indirectly, by qualified shareholders, which includes individuals who are residents of a qualified foreign country; (2) one or more classes of its stock representing, in the aggregate, more than 50 of the combined voting power and value of all classes of its stock are primarily and regularly traded on one or more established securities markets in a qualified foreign country or in the U.S. (the publicly traded test or (3) it is a controlled foreign corporation (a CFC for more than half of the taxable year and more than 50 of its stock is owned by qualified U.S. persons for more than half of the taxable year (the CFC test ). In addition, U.S. Treasury Regulations require a foreign corporation and certain of its direct and indirect shareholders to satisfy detailed substantiation and reporting requirements. For the taxable years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, NCLC was classified as a disregarded entity for U.S. federal income tax purposes. An entity that is treated as a disregarded entity for U.S. federal income tax purposes is not a taxable entity and incurs no U.S. federal income tax liability, as its activities are deemed to be that of its shareholder, NCLH. Therefore, NCLH is required to report NCLC s items of income, gain, loss and deduction in computing its U.S. federal income tax liability. NCLH is incorporated in Bermuda, a qualified foreign country which grants an equivalent exemption, and NCLH meets the publicly traded test because its ordinary shares were primarily and regularly traded on the New York Stock Exchange NYSE ). The NYSE is considered to be an established securities market in the U.S. Therefore, we believe that NCLH qualifies for the benefits of Section 883. We believe and have taken the position that substantially all of NCLH s income, including the income of its ship-owning subsidiaries, is properly categorized as shipping income, and that we do not have a material amount of non-qualifying income. It is possible, however, that the IRS interpretation of shipping income could differ from ours and that a much larger percentage of our income does not qualify (or will not qualify) as shipping income. Moreover, the exemption for shipping income is only available for years in which we will satisfy complex tests under Section 883. There are factual circumstances beyond our control, including changes in the direct and indirect owners of NCLH s ordinary shares, which could cause NCLH or its subsidiaries to lose the benefit of the exemption under Section 883. Further, any changes in our operations could significantly increase our exposure to taxation on shipping income, and we can give no assurances on this matter. Under certain circumstances, changes in the identity, residence or holdings of NCLH s direct or indirect shareholders could cause NCLH s ordinary shares not to be regularly traded on an established securities market within the meaning of the regulations under Section 883. Therefore, as a precautionary matter, NCLH has provided protections in its bye-laws to reduce the risk of such changes impacting our ability to meet the publicly traded test by prohibiting any person from owning, directly, indirectly or constructively, more than 4.9 of NCLH s ordinary shares unless such ownership is approved by NCLH s Board of Directors (the 4.9 limit ). Any outstanding shares held in excess of the 4.9 limit will be transferred to and held in a trust. For 2022, 2021 and 2020, both Regent and Oceania Cruises relied on NCLH s ability to meet the requirements necessary to qualify for the benefits of Section 883 as discussed above. Taxation of International Shipping Income Where Section 883 of the Code is Inapplicable Unless exempt from U.S. federal income taxation, a foreign corporation is subject to U.S. federal income tax in respect of its shipping income that is derived from sources within the U.S. If we fail to qualify for the exemption under Section 883 in respect of our U.S.-sourced shipping income, or if the provision was repealed, then we will be subject to taxation in the U.S. on such income. Generally, shipping income is any income that is derived from the use of vessels, from the hiring or leasing of vessels for use on a time, voyage or bareboat charter basis or from the performance of services directly related to those uses. For 
 23 

Table of Contents 
 these purposes, shipping income attributable to transportation that begins or ends, but that does not both begin and end, in the U.S., which we refer to as U.S.-source shipping income, will be considered to be 50 derived from sources within the U.S. If we do not qualify for exemption under Section 883, or if the provision was repealed, then any U.S.-sourced shipping income or any other income that is considered to be effectively connected income would be subject to U.S. federal corporate income taxation on a net basis (generally at a 21 rate) and state and local taxes, and our effectively connected earnings and profits may also be subject to an additional branch profits tax of 30 , unless a lower treaty rate applies (the Net Tax Regime ). Our U.S.-source shipping income is considered effectively connected income if we have, or are considered to have, a fixed place of business in the U.S. involved in the earning of U.S.-source shipping income, and substantially all of our U.S.-source shipping income is attributable to regularly scheduled transportation, such as the operation of a vessel that follows a published schedule with repeated sailings at regular intervals between the same points for voyages that begin or end in the U.S. If we do not have a fixed place of business in the U.S. or substantially all of our income is not derived from regularly scheduled transportation, the income will generally not be considered to be effectively connected income. In that case, we would be subject to a special 4 tax on our U.S.-source shipping income (the 4 Tax Regime ). Other United States Taxation U.S. Treasury Regulations list several items of income which are not considered to be incidental to the international operation of ships and, to the extent derived from U.S. sources, are subject to U.S. federal income taxes under the Net Tax Regime discussed above. Income items considered non-incidental to the international operation of ships include income from the sale of single-day cruises, shore excursions, air and other transportation, and pre- and post-cruise land packages. We believe that substantially all of our income currently derived from the international operation of ships is shipping income. Income from U.S.-flagged Operation under the NCL America Income derived from our U.S.-flagged operation generally will be subject to U.S. corporate income taxes both at the federal and state levels. We expect that such income will not be subject to U.S. branch profits tax nor a U.S. dividend withholding tax under the U.S.-U.K. Income Tax Treaty. U.K. Income Taxation NCLH and NCLC are tax residents of the U.K. and are subject to normal U.K. corporation tax. U.S. Taxation of Gain on Sale of Vessels Gains from the sale of vessels should generally also be exempt from tax under Section 883 provided NCLH qualifies for exemption from tax under Section 883 in respect of our shipping income. If, however, our gain does not qualify for exemption under Section 883, or if the provision was repealed, then such gain could be subject to either the Net Tax Regime or the 4 Tax Regime. Certain State, Local and Non-U.S. Tax Matters We may be subject to state, local and non-U.S. income or non-income taxes in various jurisdictions, including those in which we transact business, own property or reside. We may be required to file tax returns in some or all of those jurisdictions. Our state, local or non-U.S. tax treatment may not conform to the U.S. federal income tax treatment discussed above. We may be required to pay non-U.S. taxes on dispositions of foreign property, or operations involving foreign property may give rise to non-U.S. income or other tax liabilities in amounts that could be substantial. Changes in Tax Laws The various tax regimes to which we are currently subject result in a relatively low effective tax rate on our worldwide income. These tax regimes, however, are subject to change, possibly with retroactive effect. For example, legislation has been proposed in the past that would eliminate the benefits of the exemption from U.S. federal income tax under Section 883 and subject all or a portion of our shipping income to taxation in the U.S. Moreover, we may become subject to new tax regimes and may be unable to take advantage of favorable tax provisions afforded by current or future law including 
 24 

Table of Contents 
 exemption of branch profits and dividend withholding taxes under the U.S.-U.K. Income Tax Treaty on income derived in respect of our U.S.-flagged operation. For example, the Organization for Economic Co-operation and Development and numerous jurisdictions (including the U.K.) have had an increased focus on issues concerning the taxation of multinational businesses and several related reforms have been put forth (including the implementation of a global minimum tax rate of at least 15 for large multinational businesses), which could have a negative effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. Human Capital At NCLH, our culture is defined by our corporate values of flawless execution, dedication to family and community, spirit of entrepreneurship, financial excellence and environmental stewardship. These values were internally developed and are authentic to our Company as they define success in our culture and establish the foundation upon which it is built. We believe our culture and commitment to our team members attract and retain top talent, while simultaneously providing robust career development opportunities that ultimately results in significant value to our Company and its shareholders. Demographics As of December 31, 2022, we employed approximately 5,100 full-time employees worldwide in our shoreside operations and approximately 33,800 shipboard employees. Regent and Oceania Cruises ships use a third party to provide additional hotel and restaurant staffing onboard. We refer you to Item 1A Risk Factors Our inability to recruit or retain qualified personnel or the loss of key personnel or employee relations issues may materially adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations for more information regarding our relationships with union employees and our collective bargaining agreements that are currently in place. Diversity, Equity and Inclusion Our Company is committed to fostering an inclusive workforce, where diverse backgrounds are represented, engaged and empowered to generate and execute on innovative ideas. Our commitment to diversity and inclusion is demonstrated by our Board of Directors, which is 50 diverse with three female directors and one director from an under-represented minority community. Our commitment to seeking female and under-represented candidates as well as candidates with diverse backgrounds is formalized in our Corporate Governance Guidelines. Our Company operates globally, with team members representing over 110 countries. To foster a diverse and inclusive culture, we seek to leverage the talents of all team members and commit to equal employment opportunity EEO as detailed in our Company s EEO policy. We have long-term partnerships with the National Diversity Council, sponsoring the Florida Diversity Council and its South Florida local chapter. We have established shoreside employee resource groups, such as the Veterans Task Force, Elevate (Women in Leadership) and Embrace (Diversity in Leadership), to promote diversity and inclusion within our teams and to serve as a feedback channel for employees. As of December 31, 2022, the composition of our workforce was as follows: 

Gender diversity (1) Male Female All shoreside team members 39 61 Shoreside Managers/above 53 47 All shipboard team members 79 21 3-stripe/above (equivalent to Manager level) 85 15 Ethnic diversity (2) Non-URMs URMs All shoreside team members in the U.S. who have self-identified 33 67 Shoreside Managers/above in the U.S. who have self-identified 46 54 (1) While we present male and female, we acknowledge this is not fully encompassing of all gender identities. (2) Under-represented minority URM is used to describe diverse populations, including Native American, Asian, Black, Hispanic/Latino and Native Hawaiian team members in the U.S. We do not generally track ethnicity/race for our shipboard team members as the majority are URMs from a U.S. perspective. 
 
 25 

Table of Contents 
 Compensation and Benefits Critical to our success is identifying, recruiting, retaining top talent and incentivizing existing and future team members. We attract and retain talented team members by offering competitive compensation and benefits. Our pay-for-performance compensation philosophy for our shoreside team is based on rewarding each team member s individual contributions. We use a combination of fixed and variable pay components including base salary, bonus, equity, commissions and merit increases. We maintain a long-term incentive plan for our manager-level team members and above that allows us to provide share-based compensation to enhance our pay-for-performance culture and to support our attraction, retention and motivational goals. In October 2022, we proudly established an 18 per hour minimum wage for our non-commission U.S. based shoreside employees. We also issued an appreciation bonus of up to 10 days of pay to non-management employees not eligible under other bonus or incentive programs. The Company also consistently reviews salary levels in order to remain competitive in recruiting and retaining talent for shoreside and shipboard employees. We believe our compensation programs for our shipboard team are competitive and for the majority of this team, negotiated with various unions and documented in collective bargaining agreements. The success of our Company is connected to the well-being of our team members, such that we offer a competitive benefits package including physical, financial and emotional well-being benefits. We offer our full-time U.S. shoreside team members a choice of Company-subsidized medical and dental programs to meet their needs and those of their families. In addition, we offer health savings and flexible spending accounts, vision cover, paid time off, employee assistance programs, short term disability and voluntary long-term disability insurance, term life and business travel insurance. Additionally, we offer a 401(k) retirement savings plan and education assistance benefits. Our benefits vary by location and are designed to meet or exceed local requirements and to be competitive in the marketplace. As we strive to be an employer of choice, the Company continues with a 4/1 flexible work model for shoreside team members globally. The flexible model allows most employees to work in-office Monday through Thursday and remotely on Friday. In April 2022, the Company was honored by South Florida Business Journal as a 2022 Healthiest Employer Awards Honoree to celebrate our dedication to providing health and wellness benefits that allow our employees to thrive both physically and mentally in the workforce. To further demonstrate our continued dedication to family as one of our company s core values, effective July 1, 2022, we enhanced our Family Care Benefits to our eligible shoreside employees. This included additional time of paid leave at 100 of an employee s salary, for maternity, paternity, and adoption leaves. Family planning assistance for fertility/surrogacy services and adoption support were also enhanced. Minimum basic life insurance was also increased for all team members. Beyond our Company s public philanthropic support during the Ukraine Crisis, the Company dedicated resources and support to our dedicated impacted crew members. Among the many actions taken, the Company provided monetary crew welfare fund relief, complimentary enhanced communication channels, and ongoing travel and assignment support as needed. Training and Development The opportunity to grow and develop skills and experience, regardless of job role, division or geographic location is critical to the success of the Company as a global organization. We actively foster a culture of learning and offer a variety of developmental courses for our team members. We provide a mentorship program where even our most senior leaders actively participate. Succession planning is part of our culture. We have a year-round focus on providing team members with opportunities to develop their leadership skills and add to our bench of talent through various training initiatives. Succession planning and talent review programs allow us to continuously calibrate and evaluate high potential talent, offering talent rotations and investing in development for long-term success. Established in 2021, Rising Stars remains a key development program to identify high potential shoreside leaders at the Director and Senior Director level. The 6-month program is conducted with a human resources strategy firm and is focused on developing a growth mindset to refine leadership strengths, champion change and encourage innovation through assessment tools, one-on-one coaching and group learning. Shipboard team members have the opportunity to learn the skills and responsibilities of another position in a different department, either to increase their effectiveness in the Company, or to give them the opportunity to shift their career path. 
 26 

Table of Contents 
 Retention and Engagement We have a history of strong retention rates across our shoreside and shipboard teams which we attribute to our culture that allows our team members to thrive and achieve their career goals. For the full year of 2022, the company experienced the highest shoreside voluntary retention rate in recent years. Exceptional team members continue to be recognized by a robust annual Award of Excellence recognition program which acknowledges and rewards individual team members and teams for their demonstration of Company values. In 2022, the Award of Excellence winners were celebrated onboard Norwegian Prima, where the ship was dedicated exclusively to our shoreside employees and their guests for a 2-night sailing to share appreciation for our shoreside employees. We have also continued the Kloster Visionary Award which honors the Company s founder, Knut Kloster, by recognizing a team member whose spirit of innovation follows in the footsteps of this visionary. Through the shipboard Vacation Hero Awards program, shipboard supervisors and management recognize select shipboard team members that have proven to be outstanding in selected categories. This award program is designed to provide recognition and promote total guest satisfaction by encouraging and rewarding team members for demonstrating excellence in service, teamwork, attitude and leadership. Ports and Facilities We own a private island in The Bahamas, Great Stirrup Cay, which we utilize as a port-of-call on certain itineraries. We also own and operate a cruise destination in Belize, Harvest Caye, which we introduced in November 2016. We have developed, in conjunction with Port Miami, a new terminal, which is our primary facility at the port. In addition, we have entered into various agreements relating to port or berthing rights for our ships, which include the following: an agreement with the Government of Bermuda whereby we are permitted weekly calls in Bermuda through 2028 from Boston and New York. contracts with the Port of New Orleans, Port Miami, Port Canaveral, Manhattan Cruise Terminal, A.J. Juneau Dock, Ogden Point Cruise Ship Terminal in Victoria, BC, Port of Southampton, Puerto Costa Maya, Port of Roatan, Puerto Plata, and various Hawaiian ports pursuant to which we receive preferential Berths to the exclusion of other vessels for certain specified days of the week at the terminals. a concession permit with the U.S. National Park Service whereby our ships are permitted to call on Glacier Bay during each summer cruise season through September 30, 2029. an agreement with the British Virgin Islands Port Authority granting priority berthing rights for a 15-year term through April 2032 with options to extend the agreement for two additional five-year terms. an agreement with the West Indian Company Limited granting priority berthing rights in St. Thomas for a 10-year term through September 2026 with an option to extend the agreement for an additional five years. an agreement with the Port of Seattle for a 15-year lease through October 2030 with an option to extend the agreement for an additional five years. an agreement with the Huna Totem Corporation that includes preferential berthing rights, for which a second pier in Icy Strait Point, Alaska has been developed. a 30-year preferential berthing agreement with Ward Cove Dock Group, LLC, who has constructed a new double ship pier in Ward Cove, Ketchikan, Alaska. The pier has been built to simultaneously accommodate two of Norwegian Cruise Line s 4,000 passenger Breakaway Plus Class Ships. An agreement with Glacier Creek Development, LLC for construction and operation of a cruise terminal and related berthing facilities in Whittier, Alaska, expected to be operational for the 2024 season. An agreement with AAK W Landing LLC for the development of berthing facilities in Juneau Alaska, expected to be operational in 2025 or 2026. 

 27 

Table of Contents 
 Available Information We file annual reports on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, current reports on Form 8-K and other information with the SEC. Our SEC filings are available to the public at the SEC s website at http://www.sec.gov . We also maintain an Internet site at http://www.nclhltd.com . We will, as soon as reasonably practicable after we electronically file or furnish our annual report on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, current reports on Form 8-K and amendments to those reports, if applicable, make available such reports free of charge on our website. Our website also contains other items of interest to our investors, including, but not limited to, investor events, press and earnings releases and sustainability initiatives. Information about our Executive Officers The following table sets forth certain information regarding NCLH s executive officers as of February 16, 2023. 

Name Age Position Frank J. Del Rio 68 Director, President and Chief Executive Officer Mark A. Kempa 51 Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer Harry Sommer 55 President and Chief Executive Officer, Norwegian brand Andrea DeMarco 44 President, Regent brand Frank A. Del Rio 45 President, Oceania Cruises brand T. Robin Lindsay 65 Executive Vice President, Vessel Operations Daniel S. Farkas 54 Executive Vice President, General Counsel and Assistant Secretary Faye L. Ashby 51 Senior Vice President and Chief Accounting Officer All the executive officers listed above hold their offices at the pleasure of our Board of Directors, subject to rights under any applicable employment agreements. Frank J. Del Rio is the father of Frank A. Del Rio. There are no other family relationships between or among any directors and executive officers. Frank J. Del Rio has served as President and Chief Executive Officer of NCLH since January 2015 and became a director of NCLH in August 2015. Mr. Del Rio has been responsible for the successful integration of NCLH and Prestige and oversees the financial, operational and strategic performance of the Norwegian, Regent and Oceania Cruises brands. Mr. Del Rio founded Oceania Cruises in October 2002 and served as Chief Executive Officer of Prestige or its predecessor from October 2002 through September 2016. Mr. Del Rio was instrumental in the growth of Oceania Cruises and Regent. Prior to founding Oceania Cruises, Mr. Del Rio played a vital role in the development of Renaissance Cruises, serving as Co-Chief Executive Officer, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer from 1993 to April 2001. Mr. Del Rio holds a B.S. in Accounting from the University of Florida and is a Certified Public Accountant (inactive license). Mark A. Kempa has served as Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer since August 2018. Prior to that, he served as Interim Chief Financial Officer from March 2018 to August 2018 and as NCLH s Senior Vice President, Finance, from November 2014 to August 2018. From September 2008 to November 2014, he served as Vice President, Corporate and Capital Planning, and was an instrumental figure in the completion of NCLH s IPO in 2013 and the Acquisition of Prestige in 2014. From January 2007 to August 2008, he served as Director, Corporate and Capital Planning. From January 2003 to December 2006, he served as Director, Newbuild Cost and Control. In this role, he spent almost three years representing the financial interests of the Company s expansive newbuild program while positioned overseas in Germany. From May 1998 to December 2002, he served in various roles in accounting and internal audit. Prior to joining the Company, Mr. Kempa served as the Assistant Controller for International Voyager Media, a travel portfolio company. Mr. Kempa holds a Bachelor s degree in Accounting from Barry University. Harry Sommer has served as President and Chief Executive Officer, Norwegian Cruise Line, since January 2020 and was President, International, from January 2019 to January 2020. Prior to that, he served as Executive Vice President, International Business Development from May 2015 to January 2019. From February 2015 until May 2015, he served as Executive Vice President and Chief Integration Officer for NCLH. Mr. Sommer previously served as Senior Vice President and Chief Marketing Officer of Prestige from October 2013 until February 2015, Senior Vice President, Finance, and Chief Information Officer of Prestige from September 2011 until October 2013 and Senior Vice President, Accounting, Chief Accounting Officer and Controller of Prestige from August 2009 until August 2011. Prior to joining Prestige, Mr. Sommer was the co-founder and President of Luxury Cruise Center, a high-end travel agency and prior to 
 28 

Table of Contents 
 that, held various marketing and finance roles at Renaissance Cruises. Mr. Sommer holds an M.B.A. from Pace University and a B.B.A. from Baruch College. Andrea DeMarco has served as the President of the Regent brand since January 2023 and has strong knowledge of the cruise industry with nearly 20 years of diverse experience spanning multiple areas of the business. She served as Chief Sales and Marketing Officer for Regent Seven Seas Cruises from September 2021 until January 2023 and as Senior Vice President of Investor Relations, Corporate Communications and Environmental, Social and Governance from January 2020 until August 2021. Prior to that, she served as Vice President, Investor Relations and Corporate Communications from October 2016 through December 2019, Senior Director, Investor Relations from June 2015 through October 2016 and Director, Investor Relations from November 2012 through June 2015. Prior to joining the Company, she worked in charter sales and corporate financial planning roles at Royal Caribbean Group. Ms. DeMarco has an M.B.A. in Finance from Florida International University and a B.S. in Finance from Florida State University. Frank A. Del Rio has served as the President of the Oceania Cruises brand since January 2023 and is an industry veteran, having started his career in the cruise industry in 2003. He served as Chief Sales and Marketing Officer for Oceania Cruises from March 2022 until January 2023 and as Senior Vice President, Port Destinations and Onboard Revenue from March 2015 through April 2017. From 2018 until March 2022, Mr. Frank A. Del Rio pursued entrepreneurial opportunities in the private equity, finance, and tech spaces, where he was involved across a wide spectrum of products and industries, including AI, telecommunications and 5G network solutions, medical, and real estate development, including serving as Chief Executive Officer of Divinus Life LLC, a specialty provider of skin and wellness products, from 2018 through 2020. Prior to the Company s acquisition of Prestige, Mr. Frank A. Del Rio served as Senior Vice President, Port and Destination Services at Prestige from 2008 until March 2015 and as Vice President, Destination Services and Product Development at Prestige from 2003 to 2008. Mr. Frank A. Del Rio has a B.S./B.A. in Finance and Economics from the University of Florida. T. Robin Lindsay has served as Executive Vice President, Vessel Operations, for NCLH since January 2015. From November 2014 until January 2015, Mr. Lindsay served as Executive Vice President, Newbuild, for Prestige. Prior to the Acquisition of Prestige, he served as the Executive Vice President of Vessel Operations for Prestige from January 2008 until November 2014 and Senior Vice President of Hotel Operations from February 2003 until January 2008 and oversaw all marine, technical and hotel operations. Mr. Lindsay was instrumental in the extensive refurbishment and launch of Oceania Cruises Regatta, Insignia and Nautica and the development of the Marina and Riviera. Mr. Lindsay possesses a substantial amount of experience in the cruise industry and has overseen the design and construction of many of the industry s most acclaimed cruise ships. Prior to joining Oceania Cruises in 2003, Mr. Lindsay was the Senior Vice President of Vessel Operations at Silversea Cruises and, prior to that, Vice President of Operations at Radisson Seven Seas Cruises. Mr. Lindsay earned his B.S. degree from Louisiana Tech University. Daniel S. Farkas has served as Executive Vice President and General Counsel of NCLH since January 2019. He has also served as Assistant Secretary of the Company since 2013. Since Mr. Farkas joined the Company in January 2004, he has held the positions of Secretary from 2010 to 2013, Senior Vice President and General Counsel from 2008 through 2018, Vice President and Assistant General Counsel from 2005 to 2008, and Assistant General Counsel from 2004 to 2005 and was instrumental in the Company s IPO and the Acquisition of Prestige. Mr. Farkas was formerly a partner in the Miami offices of the law firm Mase and Gassenheimer specializing in maritime litigation. Before that he was an Assistant State Attorney for the Eleventh Judicial Circuit in and for Miami-Dade County, Florida. Mr. Farkas currently serves as Chairman of the board of directors of the Cruise Industry Charitable Foundation and on the board of directors of the Steamship Mutual Underwriting Association Limited. Mr. Farkas earned a B.A., cum laude, in English and American Literature from Brandeis University and a J.D. from the University of Miami. Faye L. Ashby has served as Senior Vice President and Chief Accounting Officer of NCLH since February 2016. She joined NCLH as Controller in November 2014 after the Acquisition of Prestige and served in that position until February 2016. From January 2012 to November 2014, Ms. Ashby served as Controller for Prestige, where she managed and developed the Accounting and External Financial Reporting teams. From March 2010 to December 2011, Ms. Ashby held the position of Senior Director of Financial Reporting with Prestige, where she started the Financial Reporting Department and was responsible for the preparation of annual financial statements, coordination of external audits and researching technical accounting issues. Before joining Prestige, Ms. Ashby was a Senior Manager at the international public accounting firm of Deloitte. She has an M.B.A. and B.B.A. with concentrations in accounting from the University of Miami and is a Certified Public Accountant in Florida. 
 29 

Table of Contents 
 Item 1A. Risk Factors In addition to the other information contained in this annual report, you should carefully consider the following risk factors in evaluating our business. If any of the risks discussed or additional risks and uncertainties not currently known to us or that we currently deem to be immaterial actually occur, our business, financial condition and results of operations could be materially adversely affected. The impacts of the COVID-19 pandemic and the associated debt we incurred related to the COVID-19 pandemic have also had the effect of heightening many of the risks described below. The ordering of the risk factors below is not intended to reflect an indication of priority or likelihood. In connection with the forward-looking statements that appear in this annual report, you should also carefully review the cautionary statement referred to under Cautionary Statement Concerning Forward Looking Statements. COVID-19 and Debt/Liquidity Related Risk Factors Public health crises, including the COVID-19 pandemic, have had, and may in the future have, a significant impact on our financial condition, results, operations, outlook, plans, goals, growth, reputation, cash flows, liquidity, demand for voyages and NCLH s share price. The COVID-19 pandemic has had, and may continue to have, significant negative impacts on all aspects of our business, and a future pandemic or other public health crisis could have a similar effect. In March 2020, we implemented a voluntary suspension of all cruise voyages across our three brands. We began resuming cruise voyages in July 2021 in a phased manner and completed the phased relaunch of our entire fleet in early May 2022. It may take us longer than expected to return to historical occupancy levels and our occupancy levels may be negatively impacted by concerns that cruises are susceptible to the spread of infectious diseases, disruptions to travel due to travel restrictions, health concerns, or other factors, as well as adverse changes in the perceived or actual economic climate due to the impact of COVID-19 or other future pandemics or other public health crises. To date, the COVID-19 pandemic has resulted in significant costs and lost revenue as a result of, among other things, the suspension of cruise voyages, implementation of additional health and safety measures, reduced demand for cruise vacations, guest compensation, itinerary modifications, redeployments and cancellations, travel restrictions and advisories, the unavailability of ports and/or destinations and protected commissions. We have also been, and may continue to be, negatively impacted by adverse impacts to our travel agencies and suppliers due to COVID-19, and we may experience similar impacts in the event of a future pandemic or other public health crises. We have been, and may in the future be, subject to heightened governmental regulations, travel advisories, travel bans and restrictions that have and could significantly impact our global guest sourcing and our access to various ports of call around the globe. We have had instances of COVID-19 on our ships and there is no guarantee that the health and safety protocols we implement will be successful in preventing the spread of pandemics onboard our ships and among our passengers and crew. We have been and may continue to be the subject of lawsuits and investigations stemming from COVID-19. We cannot predict the number or outcome of any such proceedings and the impact that they will have on our financial results, but any such impact may be material. As a result of the impacts of COVID-19, provisions in our credit card processing and other commercial agreements have and may continue to adversely affect our liquidity. We have agreements with several credit card companies to process the sale of tickets and provide other services. Under these agreements, the credit card companies could, under certain circumstances and upon written notice, require us to maintain a reserve, which reserve would be funded by the credit card companies withholding or offsetting our credit card receivables, or our posting of cash or other collateral. As a result of the impacts of COVID-19, certain of our credit card processors currently hold cash collateral reserves. We may be required to pledge additional collateral and/or post additional cash reserves or take other actions that may further reduce our liquidity. COVID-19 has also had the effect of heightening many of the other risks described herein, such as those relating to our need to generate sufficient cash flows to service our indebtedness, our ability to comply with the covenants contained in the agreements that govern our indebtedness and our access to raise additional capital in the future. Accordingly, as a result of these unprecedented circumstances, we cannot predict the full impact of COVID-19 on our business, financial 
 30 

Table of Contents 
 condition and results of operations. Epidemics, pandemics and viral outbreaks or other wide-ranging public health crises in the future would likely also adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. If our results of operations and financial performance do not recover as planned, we may not be in compliance with maintenance covenants in certain of our debt facilities. Certain of our debt facilities include maintenance and financial covenants. For example, under the Senior Secured Credit Facility, we are required to maintain a loan to value ratio of no less than 0.70 to 1.00. Financial covenants include free liquidity of no less than 250,000,000 at all times, a total net funded debt to total capitalization ratio of less than 0.93 to 1.00 for the quarter ending March 31, 2023, 0.92 to 1.00 for the quarter ending June 30, 2023, 0.91 to 1.00 for the quarters ending September 30, 2023, December 31, 2023 and March 31, 2024, 0.90 to 1.00 for the quarter ending June 30, 2024, 0.88 to 1.00 for the quarter ending September 30, 2024 and 0.87 to 1.00 for the quarter ending December 31, 2024 and an EBITDA to consolidated debt service ratio of at least 1.25 to 1.00 at the end of each fiscal quarter unless free liquidity is greater than or equal to 300,000,000 at that time. The testing of the covenants under the Senior Secured Credit Facility was suspended to and including December 31, 2022, with the exception of the free liquidity test. As a result of the COVID-19 pandemic, we paused our global fleet cruise operations from March 2020 until July 2021. Although we resumed our cruise voyages on a limited basis in July 2021 and completed the re-launch of our full fleet in May 2022, if we must again pause our voyages or if our results of operations and financial performance do not recover as planned, we may be out of compliance with some or all of the maintenance and financial covenants in certain of our debt facilities. If we expect to not be in compliance, we would expect to seek waivers from the lenders under these facilities or renegotiate these facilities prior to any covenant violation. Any covenant waiver or renegotiation of any of our debt facilities has led, and may in the future lead, to increased costs, increased interest rates, additional restrictive covenants and other available lender protections that would be applicable to us under these debt facilities, and such increased costs, restrictions and modifications may vary among debt facilities. Our ability to provide additional lender protections under these facilities will be limited by the restrictions in our indebtedness. There can be no assurance that we would be able to obtain waivers or renegotiate these facilities in a timely manner, on acceptable terms or at all. If we were not able to obtain a covenant waiver under any one or more of these debt facilities or renegotiate such facilities, we would be in default of such agreements, which could result in cross defaults to our other debt agreements. As a consequence, we would need to refinance or repay the applicable debt facility or facilities, and would be required to raise additional debt or equity capital, or divest assets, to refinance or repay such facility or facilities. If we were to be unable to obtain a covenant waiver under any one or more of these debt facilities or renegotiate these facilities, there can be no assurance that we would be able to raise sufficient debt or equity capital, or divest assets, to refinance or repay such facility or facilities. With respect to each of these debt facilities, if we were unable to or did not obtain a waiver, renegotiate or refinance or repay such debt facilities, it would lead to an event of default under such facilities, which could lead to an acceleration of the indebtedness under such debt facilities. In turn, this would lead to an event of default and potential acceleration of amounts due under all of our outstanding debt and derivative contract payables. If we were unable to repay those amounts, the holders of our secured indebtedness could proceed against the collateral granted to them to secure that indebtedness, which includes a significant portion of our assets including our ships. Any such action would have an adverse impact on our business, financial condition and results of operations. As a result, the failure to obtain the covenant waivers or renegotiate our facilities as described above would have a material adverse effect on us and our ability to service our debt obligations. We anticipate that we will need additional financing in the future, which may not be available on favorable terms, or at all, and our outstanding exchangeable notes and any future financing may be dilutive to existing shareholders. We anticipate that we will need additional equity and/or debt financing in the future to refinance our existing debt and to fund our newbuild program. We may be unable to obtain any desired additional financing on terms favorable to us, or at all, depending on market and other conditions. The ability to raise additional financing depends on numerous factors that are outside of our control, including general economic and market conditions, the health of financial institutions, our credit ratings and investors and lenders assessments of our prospects and the prospects of the cruise industry in general. If we raise additional funds by issuing debt, we may be subject to limitations on our operations due to restrictive covenants, which may be more restrictive than the covenants in our existing debt agreements, and we may be required to further encumber our assets. We may not have sufficient available collateral to pledge to support additional financing. If adequate funds are not available on acceptable terms, or at all, we may be unable to fund our operations or respond to 
 31 

Table of Contents 
 competitive pressures, which could negatively affect our business. Our credit ratings, which have been downgraded as a result of the impact on our business of the COVID-19 pandemic, could be further downgraded, which could have an impact on the availability and/or cost of financing. In addition, we may conclude that there is a substantial doubt about our ability to operate as a going concern, which could have additional effects on our credit ratings and the availability and/or cost of financing. There can be no assurance that our ability to access the credit and/or capital markets will not be adversely affected by changes in the financial markets and the global economy. If we are not able to fulfill our liquidity needs through operating cash flows and/or borrowings under credit facilities or otherwise in the capital markets, our business and financial condition could be adversely affected and it may be necessary for us to reorganize our company in its entirety, including through bankruptcy proceedings, and our shareholders may lose their investment in our ordinary shares. If we raise additional funds through equity and/or debt issuances, NCLH s shareholders could experience dilution of their ownership interest, and these securities could have rights, preferences, and privileges that are superior to that of holders of NCLH s ordinary shares. Further, the exchange of some or all of our outstanding exchangeable notes may dilute the ownership interests of NCLH s shareholders. Upon exchange of any of the exchangeable notes, any sales in the public market of NCLH s ordinary shares issuable upon such exchange could adversely affect prevailing market prices of NCLH s ordinary shares. In addition, the existence of the exchangeable notes may encourage short selling by market participants that engage in hedging or arbitrage activity, and anticipated exchange of any of the exchangeable notes into NCLH ordinary shares could depress the price of NCLH s ordinary shares. Our indebtedness, and the agreements governing our indebtedness, may limit our flexibility in operating our business and a substantial majority of our assets are collateral under our debt agreements. A substantial portion of our cash flow from operations is dedicated to the repayment of our indebtedness, which may limit our available funds for other business functions and strategic opportunities and may make us more vulnerable to downturns in our business, the economy and the industry in which we operate. We may not be able to generate sufficient cash to service our indebtedness, and may be forced to take other actions to satisfy our obligations under our indebtedness, including refinancing our indebtedness, which may not be successful. Any refinancing of our debt could be at higher interest rates and may require us to comply with more onerous covenants, which could further restrict our business operations. In addition, the agreements governing our indebtedness contain, and any instruments governing future indebtedness of ours may contain, covenants that impose significant operating and financial restrictions on us, including restrictions or prohibitions on our ability to, among other things: incur or guarantee additional debt or issue certain preference shares; pay dividends on or make distributions in respect of our share capital or make other restricted payments, including the ability of NCLH s subsidiaries, including NCLC, to pay dividends or make distributions to NCLH; repurchase or redeem capital stock or subordinated indebtedness; make certain investments or acquisitions; transfer, sell or create liens on certain assets; and consolidate or merge with, or sell or otherwise dispose of all or substantially all of our assets to other companies. As a result of these covenants, we are limited in the manner in which we conduct our business, and we may be unable to engage in favorable business activities or finance future operations or capital needs. The impact of volatility and disruptions in the global credit and financial markets could increase our counterparty credit risks, including those under our credit facilities, derivatives, contingent obligations, insurance contracts and new ship progress payment guarantees. Economic downturns, including failures of financial institutions and any related liquidity crisis, can disrupt the capital and credit markets. Such disruptions could cause counterparties under our credit facilities, derivatives, contingent obligations, insurance contracts and new ship progress payment guarantees to be unable to perform their obligations or to breach their obligations to us under our contracts with them, which could include failures of financial institutions to fund required borrowings under our loan agreements and to pay us amounts that may become due under our derivative contracts and other agreements. Also, we may be limited in obtaining funds to pay amounts due to our counterparties under our derivative contracts and to pay amounts that may become due under other agreements. If we were to elect to replace any counterparty for their failure to perform their obligations under such instruments, we would likely incur significant costs to replace the counterparty. Any failure to replace any counterparties under these circumstances may result in additional costs to us or an ineffective instrument. 
 32 

Table of Contents 
 In 2017, the U.K. s Financial Conduct Authority FCA ), which regulated the London Interbank Offered Rate LIBOR ), announced its intention to phase out LIBOR by the end of 2021 and the Alternative Reference Rates Committee selected the Secured Overnight Financing Rate SOFR as the rate recommended to replace U.S. dollar LIBOR USD LIBOR ). In December 2020, ICE Benchmark Administration IBA ), the administrator of LIBOR, released a consultation disclosing that it would cease publication of one-week and two-month USD LIBOR after December 31, 2021, but continue to publish the remaining tenors of USD LIBOR for an additional 18 months, through June 30, 2023. These remaining tenors of USD LIBOR overnight, one-month, three-month, six-month and 12-months encompass the tenors referenced in certain of our borrowings and interest rate swaps. However, uncertainty remains as many market participants await the development of term SOFR products, including forward-looking rates and indices that might co-exist with SOFR. In addition, recent New York state legislation effectively codified the use of SOFR as the alternative to LIBOR in the absence of another chosen replacement rate, which may affect contracts governed by New York state law. We have begun to transition away from LIBOR as a reference rate and will continue to do so in the coming months. We will need to amend our remaining credit facilities that reference LIBOR to determine replacement rates, which may result in interest payments that differ from our original expectations and which may materially impact the amount of our interest payments under our variable rate debt. We will also need to consider any new contracts and whether they should reference an alternative benchmark rate or include suggested fallback language, as published by the Alternative Reference Rates Committee. Additionally, SOFR is calculated based on short-term repurchase agreements, backed by Treasury securities. SOFR is observed and backward looking, which stands in contrast with LIBOR, which is an estimated forward-looking rate and relies, to some degree, on the expert judgment of submitting panel members. Given the inherent differences between LIBOR and SOFR or any other alternative benchmark rate that may be established, there are many uncertainties regarding a transition from LIBOR. The consequences of these developments with respect to LIBOR cannot be entirely predicted and span multiple future periods but could result in an increase in the cost of our variable rate debt which may be detrimental to our financial position or operating results. In addition, uncertainty as to the nature of a potential discontinuance, modification, alternative reference rates or other reforms may materially adversely affect the trading market for securities linked to such benchmarks. However, we cannot predict the timing of these developments or their impact on our indebtedness or financial condition. Any further impairment of our trade names or goodwill could adversely affect our financial condition and operating results. We evaluate trade names and goodwill for impairment on an annual basis, or more frequently when circumstances indicate that the carrying value of a reporting unit may not be recoverable. Several factors including a challenging operating environment impacts affecting consumer demand or spending, the deterioration of general macroeconomic conditions, or other factors could result in a change to the future cash flows we expect to derive from our operations. Reductions of the cash flows used in the impairment analyses may result in the recording of an impairment charge to a reporting unit s trade name or goodwill. For example, we recognized significant impairment losses during 2020 related to the COVID-19 pandemic. We believe that we have made reasonable estimates and judgments. However, a change in our estimated future operating cash flows may result in a decline in fair value in future periods, which may result in a need to recognize additional impairment charges. Operational Related Risk Factors Unavailability of ports of call may materially adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. We believe that attractive port destinations are a major reason why guests choose to go on a particular cruise or on a cruise vacation. The availability of ports, including the specific port facility at which our guests will embark and disembark, is affected by a number of factors, including, but not limited to, health, safety, and environmental concerns, existing capacity constraints, security, adverse weather conditions and natural disasters such as hurricanes, floods, typhoons and earthquakes, financial limitations on port development, political instability, armed conflicts such as Russia s invasion of Ukraine, exclusivity arrangements that ports may have with our competitors, local governmental regulations and fees, local community concerns about port development and other adverse impacts on their communities from additional tourists and sanctions programs implemented by the Office of Foreign Assets Control of the United States Treasury Department or other regulatory bodies. For example, currently and in the past, regulatory changes, the COVID-19 pandemic, armed conflicts and damages to ports from hurricanes have prohibited our cruise voyages from 
 33 

Table of Contents 
 visiting certain regions, including Cuba, Russia, Japan and some ports in the Caribbean. There can be no assurance that our ports of call will not be similarly affected in the future. Due to environmental and over-crowding concerns, some local governments have begun to take measures to limit the number of cruise ships and passengers allowed at certain destinations. For example, Dubrovnik, Venice and Barcelona have either implemented or considered implementing such limitations on cruise ships and passengers. Limitations on the availability of ports of call or on the availability of shore excursions and other service providers at such ports have adversely affected our business, financial condition and results of operations in the past and could do so in the future. We rely on scheduled commercial airline services for passenger and crew connections. Increases in the price of, or major changes, significant delays and disruptions, or reduction in, commercial airline services has, and could in the future, disrupt our operations. A number of our passengers and crew depend on scheduled commercial airline services to transport them to ports of embarkation for our cruises. Increases in the price of airfare due to increases in fuel prices, fuel surcharges, changes in commercial airline services as a result of health and safety events, strikes or other staffing shortages, weather or other events, or the lack of availability due to schedule changes or a high level of airline bookings has and could adversely affect our ability to deliver guests and crew to or from our ships and thereby increase our cruise operating expenses which, in turn, has an adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. For example, many commercial airlines reduced services, experienced staffing shortages and suffered other disruptions due to the COVID-19 pandemic and other macroeconomic conditions. COVID-19 related regulations have also sometimes prevented us from using commercial airline services to transport our crew members to and from our ships, which has resulted in increased costs to our Company. Global events and conditions, including terrorist acts, armed conflicts, acts of piracy, and other international events impacting the security of travel or the global economy, or threats thereof, could adversely affect our business. Global events and conditions, including the threat or possibility of future terrorist acts, outbreaks of hostilities or armed conflict, political unrest and instability, the issuance of government travel advisories or elevated threat warnings, increases in the activity of pirates, and other geo-political uncertainties, or the possibility or fear of such events, have had in the past and may again in the future have an adverse impact on our business. Any of these events or conditions may adversely affect demand for, and by extension pricing of, our cruises. Such events or conditions may also have downstream effects on the global economic environment, including increased fuel and commodity pricing, supply chain shortages, labor shortages, volatility in the global capital markets, contraction of the global economy leading to decreased consumer discretionary spending, and other effects impossible to predict at this time. Armed conflicts, including Russia s ongoing invasion of Ukraine, have also impacted, and could in the future impact, our profitability and product offering by limiting the destinations to which we can travel and our operations by making it more difficult to source crew members and third-party vendors from affected regions and making it more difficult or costly to source goods we need to run our operations or to build or maintain our ships. Further, the Russia-Ukraine conflict has contributed to extreme volatility in the global financial markets and has had, and is expected to continue to have, further global economic consequences, including disruptions of the global supply chain and energy markets and heightened volatility of commodity fuel prices. Such volatility or disruptions have had, and may continue to have, adverse consequences to our business, our suppliers and our customers. If the equity and credit markets deteriorate, including as a result of political unrest or war, it may make any necessary debt or equity financing more difficult to obtain in a timely manner or on favorable terms, more costly or more dilutive. Our business, financial condition and results of operations may be materially and adversely affected by any negative impact on the global economy, capital markets or commodity fuel prices resulting from the conflict in Ukraine or any other geopolitical tensions. Adverse incidents involving cruise ships may adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. The operation of cruise ships carries an inherent risk of loss caused by adverse weather conditions and maritime disasters, including, but not limited to, oil spills and other environmental mishaps, extreme weather conditions such as hurricanes, floods and typhoons, fire, mechanical failure, collisions, human error, war, terrorism, piracy, political action, civil unrest and insurrection in various countries and other circumstances or events. Any such event may result in loss of life or property, loss of revenue or increased costs and the frequency and severity of natural disasters may increase due to climate change. The operation of cruise ships also involves the risk of other incidents at sea or while in port, including 
 34 

Table of Contents 
 missing guests, inappropriate crew or passenger behavior and onboard crimes, which may bring into question passenger safety, may adversely affect future industry performance and may lead to litigation against us. We have experienced accidents and other incidents involving our cruise ships in the past and there can be no assurance that similar events will not occur in the future. It is possible that we could be forced to cancel a cruise or a series of cruises due to these factors or incur increased port-related and other costs resulting from such adverse events. Any such event involving our cruise ships or other passenger cruise ships may adversely affect guests perceptions of safety or result in increased governmental or other regulatory oversight. An adverse judgment or settlement in respect of any of the ongoing claims against us may also lead to negative publicity about us. The expanded use of social media has increased the speed that negative publicity spreads and makes it more difficult to mitigate reputational damage. Anything that damages our reputation (whether or not justified), could have an adverse impact on demand, which could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. If there is a significant accident, mechanical failure or similar problem involving a ship, we may have to place a ship in an extended Dry-dock period for repairs. This could result in material lost revenue and/or increased expenditures. The adverse impact of general economic and related factors, such as fluctuating or increasing levels of interest rates, unemployment, underemployment and the volatility of fuel prices, declines in the securities and real estate markets and perceptions of these conditions can decrease the level of disposable income of consumers or consumer confidence. The demand for cruises is affected by international, national and local economic conditions. The demand for cruises is affected by international, national and local economic conditions. Adverse changes in the perceived or actual economic climate in North America or globally, such as the volatility of fuel prices, higher interest rates, stock and real estate market declines and/or volatility, more restrictive credit markets, higher unemployment or underemployment rates, inflation, higher taxes, changes in governmental policies and political developments impacting international trade, trade disputes and increased tariffs, could reduce the level of discretionary income or consumer confidence in the countries from which we source our guests. Consequently, this may negatively affect demand for cruise vacations in these countries, which are a discretionary purchase. Decreases in demand for cruise vacations could result in price discounting or lower Occupancy Percentages, which, in turn, could reduce the profitability of our business. In addition, these conditions could also impact our suppliers, which could result in disruptions in our suppliers services and financial losses for us. Breaches in data security or other disturbances to our information technology and other networks or our actual or perceived failure to comply with requirements regarding data privacy and protection could impair our operations, subject us to significant fines, penalties and damages, and have a material adverse impact on our business, financial condition and results of operations. The integrity and reliability of our information technology systems and networks are crucial to our business operations and disruptions to these systems or networks could impair our operations, have an adverse impact on our financial results and negatively affect our reputation and customer demand. In addition, certain networks are dependent on third-party technologies, systems and service providers for which there is no certainty of uninterrupted availability. Among other things, actual or threatened natural disasters, information systems failures, computer viruses, denial-of-service attacks and other cyber-attacks may cause disruptions to our information technology, telecommunications and other networks. Our business continuity, disaster recovery, data restoration plans and data and information technology security may not prevent disruptions that could result in adverse effects on our operations and financial results. We carry limited business interruption insurance for certain shoreside operations, subject to limitations, exclusions and deductibles. As part of our ordinary business operations, we and certain of our third-party service providers collect, process, transmit and store a large volume of personally identifiable information. The security of the systems and networks where we and our service providers store this data is a critical element of our business. We experience cyber-attacks of varying degrees on our systems and networks and, as a result, unauthorized parties have obtained in the past, and may in the future obtain, access to our computer systems and networks, including cloud-based platforms. The technology infrastructure and systems of our suppliers, vendors, service providers and partners have in the past experienced and may in the future experience such attacks. Cyber-attacks can include computer viruses, malware, worms, hackers and other malicious software programs or other attacks, including physical and electronic break-ins, router disruption, sabotage or espionage, disruptions from unauthorized access and tampering (including through social engineering such as phishing attacks), impersonation of authorized users and coordinated denial-of-service attacks. There can be no assurance that a breach or incident will not have a material impact on our operations and financial results in the future. In addition, we may not be in a position to promptly address security breaches, unauthorized access or other cyber-attacks or incidents or to 
 35 

Table of Contents 
 implement adequate preventative measures if we are unable to immediately detect such incidents. Our failure to successfully prevent, mitigate or timely respond to such incidents could impair our ability to conduct business and damage our reputation. We are also subject to laws in multiple jurisdictions relating to the privacy and protection of personal data. Noncompliance with these laws or the compromise of information systems used by us or our service providers resulting in the loss, disclosure, misappropriation of or access to the personally identifiable information of our guests, prospective guests, employees or vendors could result in governmental investigation, civil liability or regulatory penalties under laws protecting the privacy of personal information, any or all of which could disrupt our operations and materially adversely affect our business. Additionally, any material failure by us or our service providers to maintain compliance with the Payment Card Industry security requirements or to rectify a data security issue may result in fines and restrictions on our ability to accept credit cards as a form of payment. The regulatory framework for data privacy and protection is uncertain for the foreseeable future, and it is possible that legal and regulatory obligations may continue to increase and may be interpreted and applied in a manner that is inconsistent or possibly conflicting from one jurisdiction to another. In the event of a data security breach of our systems and/or third-party systems or a cyber-attack or other cyber incident, we may incur costs associated with the following: response, notification, forensics, regulatory investigations, public relations, consultants, credit identity monitoring, credit freezes, fraud alert, credit identity restoration, credit card cancellation, credit card reissuance or replacement, data restoration, regulatory fines and penalties, vendor fines and penalties, legal fees, damages and settlements. In addition, data security breaches, a cyber-attack or other cyber incident may cause business interruption, information technology disruption, disruptions as a result of regulatory investigation or litigation, digital asset loss related to corrupted or destroyed data, loss of company assets, damage to our reputation, damages to intangible property and other intangible damages, such as loss of consumer confidence, all of which could impair our operations and have an adverse impact on our financial results. Changes in fuel prices and the type of fuel we are permitted to use and/or other cruise operating costs would impact the cost of our cruise ship operations and our hedging strategies may not protect us from increased costs related to fuel prices. Fuel expense is a significant cost for our Company. Future increases in the cost of fuel globally or regulatory requirements which require us to use more expensive types of fuel, including more costly alternate fuel sources, would increase the cost of our cruise ship operations. For example, as of January 2020, the IMO s convention entitled Prevention of Pollution from Ships (MARPOL) set a global limit on fuel sulfur content of 0.5 (reduced from the previous 3.5 global limit). Various compliance methods, such as the use of low-sulfur fuels or exhaust gas cleaning systems that reduce an equivalent amount of sulfur emissions, may be utilized. We have elected to install exhaust gas cleaning systems on some ships in our fleet, which will allow us to continue to use high-sulfur fuel on those ships in certain areas. However, the significant drop in demand for high-sulfur fuel due to the previous pandemic-related pause in operations has made it more difficult to source high-sulfur fuel going forward, which may increase our fuel costs. Ships in our fleet that do not have exhaust gas cleaning systems, and in specified areas even ships with exhaust gas cleaning systems, will be required to use low-sulfur fuels. Low-sulfur fuels may be costly due to increased demand and scarcity if suppliers are not able to produce sufficient quantities. We also expect to be required to use alternate fuel sources in the future as additional regulations aimed at reducing carbon intensity are introduced or in order to achieve any emissions reduction targets we have and may in the future adopt. For example, the IMO adopted two requirements that went into effect in 2023, the Carbon Intensity Indicator and Energy Efficiency Ship Index, which each regulate carbon emissions for ships, and the E.U. will regulate carbon dioxide emissions from passenger and cargo ships over 5,000 Gross Tons under its Emissions Trading System beginning in 2024. In addition, we could experience increases in other cruise operating costs due to market forces and economic or political instability resulting from increases or volatility in fuel expense. Our hedging program may not be successful in mitigating higher fuel costs, and any price protection provided may be limited due to market conditions, including choice of hedging instruments, breakdown of correlation between hedging instrument and market price of fuel and failure of hedge counterparties. To the extent that we use hedge contracts that have the potential to create an obligation to pay upon settlement if fuel prices decline significantly, such hedge contracts may limit our ability to benefit fully from lower fuel costs in the future. Additionally, deterioration in our financial condition could negatively affect our ability to enter into new hedge contracts in the future. Mechanical malfunctions and repairs, delays in our shipbuilding program, maintenance and refurbishments and the consolidation of qualified shipyard facilities could adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition. 
 36 

Table of Contents 
 The new construction, refurbishment, repair and maintenance of our ships are complex processes and involve risks similar to those encountered in other large and sophisticated equipment construction, refurbishment and repair projects. Our ships are subject to the risk of mechanical failure or accident, which we have occasionally experienced and have had to repair. For example, in the past we have had to delay or cancel cruises due to mechanical issues on our ships. There can be no assurance that we will not experience similar events in the future. If there is a mechanical failure or accident in the future, we may be unable to procure spare parts when needed or make repairs without incurring material expense or suspension of service, especially if a problem affects certain specialized maritime equipment, such as the radar, a pod propulsion unit, the electrical/power management system, the steering gear or the gyro system. In addition, availability, work stoppages, insolvency or financial problems in the shipyards construction, refurbishment or repair of our ships, other force majeure events that are beyond our control and the control of shipyards or subcontractors, or changes to technical specifications due to regulatory changes, sustainability initiatives or other strategic initiatives could also delay or prevent the newbuild delivery, refurbishment and repair and maintenance of our ships. Any termination or breach of contract following such an event may result in, among other things, the forfeiture of prior deposits or payments made by us, potential claims and impairment of losses. A significant delay in the delivery of a new ship, or a significant performance deficiency or mechanical failure of a new ship could also have an adverse effect on our business. The impacts of COVID-19, Russia s invasion of Ukraine, modifications the Company plans to make to its newbuilds, including initiatives to improve environmental sustainability, and other macroeconomic events have resulted in some delays in expected ship deliveries, and may result in additional delays in ship deliveries in the future, which may be prolonged. The consolidation of the control of certain European cruise shipyards could result in higher prices for the construction of new ships and refurbishments and could limit the availability of qualified shipyards to construct new ships. Also, the lack of qualified shipyard repair facilities could result in the inability to repair and maintain our ships on a timely basis. Additionally, we are reliant on a third party to oversee certain newbuild and Dry-dock projects. Any occurrence that prevented such third party from continuing to oversee such projects or substantially increased the costs related to such oversight could have an adverse effect on our operations. These potential events and the associated losses, to the extent that they are not adequately covered by contractual remedies or insurance, could adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition. Conducting business internationally may result in increased costs and risks. We operate our business internationally and plan to continue to develop our international presence. Operating internationally exposes us to a number of risks, including political risks, risks of increases in duties and taxes, risks relating to anti-bribery laws, as well as risks that laws and policies affecting cruising, vacation or maritime businesses, or governing the operations of foreign-based companies may change. Additional risks include imposition of trade barriers, withholding and other taxes on remittances and other payments by subsidiaries and changes in and application of foreign taxation structures, including value added taxes. If we are unable to address these risks adequately, our business, financial condition and results of operations could be materially and adversely affected. Operating internationally also exposes us to numerous and sometimes conflicting legal and regulatory requirements. In many parts of the world, including countries in which we operate, practices in the local business communities might not conform to international business standards. We have implemented safeguards and policies to prevent violations of various anti-corruption laws that prohibit improper payments or offers of payments to foreign governments and their officials for the purpose of obtaining or retaining business by our employees and agents. However, our existing safeguards and policies and any future improvements may prove to be less than effective, and our employees or agents may engage in conduct prohibited by our policies, but for which we nevertheless may be held responsible. If our employees or agents violate our policies, if we fail to maintain adequate record-keeping and internal accounting practices to accurately record our transactions or if we fail to implement or maintain other adequate safeguards, we may be subject to regulatory sanctions or severe criminal or civil sanctions and penalties. Our failure or inability to recruit or retain qualified personnel or the loss of key personnel or employee relations issues may materially adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. We must continue to recruit, retain and motivate management and other employees in order to maintain our current business and support our projected growth. We need to hire and train a considerable number of qualified crew members to staff the ships that will be joining our fleet in the coming years. This may require significant efforts on the part of our management team, and our failure or inability to hire a sufficient number of qualified crew members would adversely affect our business. Currently, we are a party to collective bargaining agreements with certain crew members. Any future 
 37 

Table of Contents 
 amendments to such collective bargaining agreements or inability to satisfactorily renegotiate such agreements may increase our labor costs and have a negative impact on our financial condition. In addition, although our collective bargaining agreements have a no-strike provision, they may not prevent a disruption in work on our ships in the future. Any such disruptions in work could have a material adverse effect on our financial results. Our executive officers and other members of senior management have substantial experience and expertise in our business and have made significant contributions to our growth and success. The loss of services of one or more of these individuals could materially adversely affect us. Negative perceptions about the cruise industry due to the COVID-19 pandemic, carbon intensity or otherwise may make it increasingly difficult to retain and hire additional crew members to staff our fleet and to recruit new employees generally. Impacts related to climate change may adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. There has been an increased focus on greenhouse gas and other emissions from global regulators, consumers and other stakeholders. Regulations addressing climate change that have already been adopted or are being considered, as described under Risks Related to the Regulatory Environment in Which We Operate, may have significant adverse impacts to our profitability and operations. In addition, concern about climate change may cause consumers to avoid certain kinds of travel including cruise and air travel, which could impact our ability to source guests. Increasing concerns about greenhouse gas emissions may attract scrutiny from investors and may make it more difficult and/or costly for us to raise capital. Our ships, port facilities, corporate offices and island destinations have in the past and may again be adversely affected by an increase in the frequency and intensity of adverse weather conditions caused by climate change. For example, certain ports have become temporarily unavailable to us due to hurricane damage and other destinations have either considered or implemented restrictions on cruise operations due to environmental concerns. We expect to make significant investments in technology, equipment and alternative fuels in order to achieve any climate-related targets we may set and to comply with climate-related regulations, and our profitability and operations may be adversely impacted by such investments. These investments may have costs beyond our expectations and may not ultimately benefit us as expected. The actions we take to meet our emissions reduction goals and requirements are expected to result in delays to our shipbuilding program. Our ability to achieve our sustainability commitments and goals will depend on a number of variable factors, some of which are outside of our control. We may fall short of any sustainability goals we set, including those disclosed in this report, which may result in negative impacts to our reputation, financial condition and results of operations. Our inability to obtain adequate insurance coverage may adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. There can be no assurance that our risks are fully insured against or that any particular claim will be fully paid by our insurance. Such losses, to the extent they are not adequately covered by contractual remedies or insurance, could affect our financial results. In addition, we have been and continue to be subject to calls, or premiums, in amounts based not only on our own claim records, but also the claim records of all other members of the protection and indemnity associations through which we receive indemnity coverage for tort liability. Our payment of these calls and increased premiums could result in significant expenses to us. If we, or other members of our protection and indemnity associations, were to sustain significant losses in the future, our ability to obtain insurance coverage at commercially reasonable rates or at all could be materially adversely affected. For example, in the past our protection and indemnity associations have increased certain deductibles and determined not to cover certain categories of claims. Moreover, irrespective of the occurrence of such events, there can still be no assurance that we will be able to obtain adequate insurance coverage at commercially reasonable rates or at all. Litigation, enforcement actions, fines or penalties could adversely impact our financial condition or results of operations and damage our reputation. Our business is subject to various U.S. and international laws and regulations that could lead to enforcement actions, fines, civil or criminal penalties or the assertion of litigation claims and damages. In addition, improper conduct by our employees or agents could damage our reputation and/or lead to litigation or legal proceedings that could result in civil or criminal penalties, including substantial monetary fines. In certain circumstances, it may not be economical to defend 
 38 

Table of Contents 
 against such matters, and a legal strategy may not ultimately result in us prevailing in a matter. Such events could lead to an adverse impact on our financial condition or results of operations. As a result of any ship-related or other incidents, litigation claims, enforcement actions and regulatory actions and investigations, including, but not limited to, those arising from personal injury, loss of life, loss of or damage to personal property, business interruption losses or environmental damage to any affected coastal waters and the surrounding area, may be asserted or brought against various parties, including us and/or our cruise brands. The time and attention of our management may also be diverted in defending such claims, actions and investigations. Subject to applicable insurance coverage, we may also incur costs both in defending against any claims, actions and investigations and for any judgments, fines, civil or criminal penalties if such claims, actions or investigations are adversely determined. The U.S. Government announced that, effective May 2, 2019, it would no longer suspend the right of private parties to bring litigation under Title III of the Cuban Liberty and Solidarity (Libertad) Act of 1996, popularly known as the Helms-Burton Act, allowing certain individuals whose property was confiscated by the Cuban government beginning in 1959 to sue anyone who traffics in the property in question in U.S. courts. Two such certified claims against us are pending and additional claims may be brought against us in the future. If these suits are successful after we have exhausted our ability to appeal, we may be required to pay substantial monetary damages. Lawsuits and investigations stemming from COVID-19 have also been brought against us, and we may be subject to additional lawsuits and investigations related to COVID-19 in the future. We cannot predict the number or outcome of any such proceedings and the impact that they will have on our financial results, but any such impact may be material. We rely on third parties to provide hotel management services for certain ships and certain other services, and we are exposed to risks facing such providers. In certain circumstances, we may not be able to replace such third parties or we may be forced to replace them at an increased cost to us. We rely on external third parties to provide hotel management services for certain ships and certain other services, such as technology and payment processing services, that are vital to our business. If these service providers suffer financial hardship or suffer disruptions or are unable to continue providing such services, we cannot guarantee that we will be able to replace such service providers in a timely manner, which may cause an interruption in our operations. To the extent that we are able to replace such service providers, we may be forced to pay an increased cost for equivalent services. Both the interruption of operations and the replacement of the third-party service providers at an increased cost could adversely impact our financial condition and results of operations. Fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates could adversely affect our financial results. We earn revenues, pay expenses, purchase and own assets and incur liabilities in currencies other than the U.S. dollar; most significantly a portion of our revenue and expenses are denominated in foreign currencies, particularly British pound, Canadian dollar, euro and Australian dollar. Because our consolidated financial statements are presented in U.S. dollars, we must translate revenues and expenses, as well as assets and liabilities, into U.S. dollars at exchange rates in effect during or at the end of each reporting period. The strengthening of the U.S. dollar against our other major currencies may adversely affect our U.S. dollar financial results and will reduce the U.S. dollar amount received upon conversion of these currencies into U.S. dollars. We have historically and may in the future enter into ship construction contracts denominated in euros or other foreign currencies. While we have entered into foreign currency derivatives to manage a portion of the currency risk associated with such contracts, we are exposed to fluctuations in the euro exchange rate for the portions of the ship construction contracts that have not been hedged. A weaking of the U.S. dollar against the euro would have a negative impact on our financial performance to the extent that these contracts have not been hedged. Additionally, if a shipyard is unable to perform under the related ship construction contract, any associated foreign currency hedges that were entered into to manage the currency risk would need to be terminated. Our expansion into new markets and investments in new markets and land-based destination projects may not be successful. We believe there remains significant opportunity to expand our passenger sourcing into major markets in the future, such as Europe and Australia, as well as into emerging markets and to expand our itineraries in new markets. Expansion into new markets requires significant levels of investment and attention from management. There can be no assurance that 
 39 

Table of Contents 
 these markets will develop as anticipated or that we will have success in these markets, and if we do not, we may be unable to recover our investment spent to expand our business into these markets and may forgo opportunities in more lucrative markets, which could adversely impact our business, financial condition and results of operations. We have also made, and plan to continue to make, investments in land-based projects including port facilities and destination projects that are susceptible to impacts from, among other things, weather events, regulatory restrictions, labor risks, shortages of goods and materials and resistance from local populations. Any such impacts to our land-based projects could adversely impact our business, financial condition and results of operations. Overcapacity in key markets or globally could adversely affect our operating results. We continue to expand our fleet through our newbuild program and expect to add additional ships to our fleet. Our competitors have also announced similar expansions to their fleets. These increases in capacity in the cruise industry globally and potential overcapacity in certain key markets may cause us to lower pricing, which would reduce profitability and adversely affect our results of operations. Additionally, older ships in our fleet may not be as competitive as new ships enter the market and we may not be able to sell such older ships at optimal prices. Risks Related to the Regulatory Environment in Which We Operate We are subject to complex laws and regulations, including environmental, health and safety, labor, data privacy and protection and maritime laws and regulations, which could adversely affect our operations and certain recently introduced laws and regulations and future changes in laws and regulations could lead to increased costs and/or decreased revenue. Increasingly stringent and complex international, federal, state, and local laws and regulations addressing environmental protection and health and safety of workers could affect our operations. The IMO, a United Nations agency with responsibility for the safety and security of shipping and the prevention of marine pollution by ships, the Council of the European Union, individual countries, the United States, and individual states have implemented and are considering, new laws and rules to manage cruise ship operations. Many aspects of the cruise industry are subject to international treaties such as SOLAS, an international safety regulation, MARPOL, IMO s requirements governing environmental protection, and STCW, an IMO regulation governing ship manning. In the United States, the Environmental Protection Agency and the U.S. Coast Guard both have regulations addressing cruise ship operations. The U.S. and various state and foreign government and regulatory agencies have enacted or are considering new environmental regulations and policies aimed at restricting or taxing emissions, including those of greenhouse gases, requiring the use of low-sulfur fuels, requiring the use of shore power while in port, increasing fuel efficiency requirements, reducing the threat of invasive species in ballast water, and improving sewage and greywater-handling capabilities. For example, MARPOL regulations have established special Emission Control Areas ECAs with stringent limitations on sulfur and nitrogen oxide emissions from fuel burning aboard ships. Ships operating in designated ECAs are generally expected to meet the new sulfur oxide emissions limits through the use of low-sulfur fuels or installation of exhaust gas cleaning systems. In 2021, the IMO adopted two requirements that went into effect in 2023, the Carbon Intensity Indicator (the CII and Energy Efficiency Ship Index (the EEXI ), which each regulate carbon emissions for ships. The CII is an operational metric designed to measure how efficiently a ship transports goods or passengers by looking at carbon dioxide emissions per nautical mile. Ships are given an annual rating from A to E with a C or better required for compliance. For ships that receive a D rating for three consecutive years, or an E rating for one year, a corrective action plan will need to be developed and approved. In 2023, ships are required to reduce carbon intensity by 5 from a 2019 baseline, with 2 incremental improvements each year thereafter until 2030. The EEXI is a design re-certification requirement that updates energy efficiency requirements for existing ships and regulates carbon dioxide emissions related to installed engine power, transport capacity and ship speed. In addition, in December 2022, the European Parliament, the Council of the European Union, and the European Commission reached an agreement on including the maritime transport sector in the E.U. s carbon dioxide Emissions Trading System. Under the proposed directive, which has not been formally approved, ships over 5,000 Gross Tons that transport passengers or cargo to or from E.U. member state ports would be required to purchase and surrender emissions allowances equivalent to emissions for all or a half of a covered voyage, depending on whether the voyage was between two E.U. ports or an E.U. and a non-E.U. port. The requirements are proposed to be phased in from 2024 to 2026. Beginning in 2024, covered entities would be required to procure and surrender allowances equivalent to 40 of their carbon emissions, with the amount increasing to 70 of carbon emissions in 2025 and 100 of greenhouse gas emissions in 2026. 
 40 

Table of Contents 
 Compliance with such laws and regulations are expected to entail significant expenses for a combination of: ship modifications, purchases of emissions allowances, alternative fuels and higher-cost compliant newbuilds. Compliance is also expected to result in changes to our operating procedures, including limitations on our ability to operate in certain locations and slowing the speed of our ships and may render some ships obsolete, which would adversely impact our operations. These issues are, and we believe will continue to be, areas of focus by the relevant authorities throughout the world. This could result in the enactment of more stringent regulation of cruise ships that would subject us to increasing compliance costs in the future. Some environmental groups continue to lobby for more extensive oversight of cruise ships and have generated negative publicity about the cruise industry and its environmental impact. Additionally, in the past, states have implemented taxes that impact the cruise industry. It is possible that other states, countries or ports of call that our ships regularly visit may also decide to assess new taxes or fees or change existing taxes or fees specifically applicable to the cruise industry and its employees and/or guests, which could increase our operating costs and/or could decrease the demand for cruises. Future changes in applicable tax laws, or our inability to take advantage of favorable tax regimes, could increase the amount of taxes we must pay. We believe and have taken the position that our income that is considered to be derived from the international operation of ships as well as certain income that is considered to be incidental to such income shipping income ), is exempt from U.S. federal income taxes under Section 883, based upon certain assumptions as to shareholdings and other information as more fully described in Item 1 Business Taxation. The provisions of Section 883 are subject to change at any time, possibly with retroactive effect. We believe and have taken the position that substantially all of our income derived from the international operation of ships is properly categorized as shipping income and that we do not have a material amount of non-qualifying income. It is possible, however, that a much larger percentage of our income does not qualify (or will not qualify) as shipping income. Moreover, the exemption for shipping income is only available for years in which NCLH will satisfy complex stock ownership tests or the publicly traded test under Section 883 as described in Item 1 Business Taxation Exemption of International Shipping Income under Section 883 of the Code. There are factual circumstances beyond our control, including changes in the direct and indirect owners of NCLH s ordinary shares, which could cause us or our subsidiaries to lose the benefit of this tax exemption. Finally, any changes in our operations could significantly increase our exposure to either the Net Tax Regime or the 4 Regime (each as defined in Item 1 Business Taxation ), and we can give no assurances on this matter. If we or any of our subsidiaries were not to qualify for the exemption under Section 883, our or such subsidiary s U.S.-source income would be subject to either the Net Tax Regime or the 4 Regime (each as defined in Item 1 Business Taxation ). As of the date of this filing, we believe that NCLH and its subsidiaries will satisfy the publicly traded test imposed under Section 883 and therefore believe that NCLH will qualify for the exemption under Section 883. However, as discussed above, there are factual circumstances beyond our control that could cause NCLH to not meet the stock ownership or publicly traded tests. Therefore, we can give no assurances on this matter. We refer you to Item 1 Business Taxation. We may be subject to state, local and non-U.S. income or non-income taxes in various jurisdictions, including those in which we transact business, own property or reside. We may be required to file tax returns in some or all of those jurisdictions. Our state, local or non-U.S. tax treatment may not conform to the U.S. federal income tax treatment discussed above. We may be required to pay non-U.S. taxes on dispositions of foreign property or operations involving foreign property that may give rise to non-U.S. income or other tax liabilities in amounts that could be substantial. The various tax regimes to which we are currently subject result in a relatively low effective tax rate on our worldwide income. These tax regimes, however, are subject to change, possibly with retroactive effect. For example, legislation has been proposed in the past that would eliminate the benefits of the exemption from U.S. federal income tax under Section 883 and subject all or a portion of our shipping income to taxation in the U.S. Moreover, changes in tax laws could adversely affect our tax position, including our effective tax rate, tax payments and exemption of branch profits and dividend withholding taxes under the U.S. U.K. Income Tax Treaty on income derived in respect of our U.S. flagged operation. For example, the Organization for Economic Co-operation and Development and numerous jurisdictions (including the United Kingdom) have had an increased focus on issues concerning the taxation of multinational businesses and several related reforms have been put forth (including the implementation of a global minimum tax rate 
 41 

Table of Contents 
 of at least 15 for large multinational businesses), which could have a negative effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. Our ability to comply with economic substance requirements in certain jurisdictions and increased costs associated with our efforts to comply may have a negative impact on our operations. Our Company and certain of its subsidiaries may be subject to economic substance requirements in their jurisdictions of formation, including, but not limited to, Bermuda, Guernsey, Isle of Man, British Virgin Islands, Cayman Islands, the Bahamas, Saint Lucia and Marshall Islands. Pursuant to the legislation passed in each jurisdiction, entities subject to each jurisdiction s laws that carry out relevant activities as specified in such laws, are required to demonstrate substantial economic substance in that jurisdiction. In general terms, substantial economic substance means: (i) the entity is actually directed and managed in the jurisdiction; (ii) core income-generating activities relating to the applicable relevant activity are performed in the jurisdiction; (iii) there are adequate employees in the jurisdiction; (iv) the entity maintains adequate physical presence in the jurisdiction; and (v) there is adequate operating expenditure in the jurisdiction. We have evaluated the activities of NCLH, NCLC and their subsidiaries and have concluded that in some cases, those activities are relevant activities for the purposes of the applicable economic substance laws and that, consequently, certain entities within our organization will be required to demonstrate compliance with these economic substance requirements. We may be subject to increased costs and our management team may be required to devote significant time to satisfying economic substance requirements in certain of these jurisdictions. If such entities cannot establish compliance with these requirements, we may be liable to penalties and fines in the applicable jurisdictions and/or required to re-domicile such entities to different jurisdictions that may have tax regimes and other regulatory regimes which may be less favorable. Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments None. Item 2. Properties Information about our cruise ships may be found under Item 1. Business Our Fleet and Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Liquidity and Capital Resources. NCLH s principal executive offices are located in Miami, Florida where we lease approximately 386,224 square feet of facilities. We lease a number of domestic and international offices throughout Europe, Asia, South America and Australia to administer our brand operations globally. Norwegian owns a private island in the Bahamas, Great Stirrup Cay, which we utilize as a port-of-call on some of our itineraries. We operate a private cruise destination in Belize, Harvest Caye. We believe that our facilities are adequate for our current needs, and that we are capable of obtaining additional facilities as necessary. Item 3. Legal Proceedings Our threshold for disclosing material environmental legal proceedings involving a governmental authority where potential monetary sanctions are involved is 1 million. See Item 8 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements Note 13 Commitments and Contingencies in Part II of this annual report for information about material legal proceedings. Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures None. 
 42 

Table of Contents 
 PART II Item 5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities Market Information NCLH owns all the outstanding ordinary shares of NCLC. Therefore, there is no market for NCLC s ordinary shares. Holders As of February 16, 2023, there is one record holder of NCLC s ordinary shares, NCLH. Item 6. [Reserved] 
 43 

Table of Contents 
 Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Financial Presentation The following discussion and analysis contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of the federal securities laws, and should be read in conjunction with the disclosures we make concerning risks and other factors that may affect our business and operating results. You should read this information in conjunction with the consolidated financial statements and the notes thereto included in this annual report. See also Cautionary Statement Concerning Forward-Looking Statements immediately prior to Part I, Item 1 in this annual report. We categorize revenue from our cruise and cruise-related activities as either passenger ticket revenue or onboard and other revenue. Passenger ticket revenue and onboard and other revenue vary according to product offering, the size of the ship in operation, the length of cruises operated and the markets in which the ship operates. Our revenue is seasonal based on demand for cruises, which has historically been strongest during the Northern Hemisphere s summer months; however, our cruise voyages were completely suspended from March 2020 until July 2021 due to the COVID-19 pandemic and our resumption of cruise voyages was phased in gradually, with full operation of our fleet resumed in May 2022 as described under Update Regarding COVID-19 Pandemic below. Passenger ticket revenue primarily consists of revenue for accommodations, meals in certain restaurants on the ship, certain onboard entertainment, port fees and taxes and includes revenue for service charges and air and land transportation to and from the ship to the extent guests purchase these items from us. Onboard and other revenue primarily consists of revenue from casino, beverage sales, shore excursions, specialty dining, retail sales, spa services and Wi-Fi services. Our onboard revenue is derived from onboard activities we perform directly or that are performed by independent concessionaires, from which we receive a share of their revenue. Our cruise operating expense is classified as follows: Commissions, transportation and other primarily consists of direct costs associated with passenger ticket revenue. These costs include travel advisor commissions, air and land transportation expenses, related credit card fees, certain port fees and taxes and the costs associated with shore excursions and hotel accommodations included as part of the overall cruise purchase price. Onboard and other primarily consists of direct costs incurred in connection with onboard and other revenue, including casino, beverage sales and shore excursions. Payroll and related consists of the cost of wages and benefits for shipboard employees and costs of certain inventory items, including food, for a third party that provides crew and other hotel services for certain ships. The cost of crew repatriation, including charters, housing, testing and other costs related to COVID-19 are also included. Fuel includes fuel costs, the impact of certain fuel hedges and fuel delivery costs. Food consists of food costs for passengers and crew on certain ships. Other consists of repairs and maintenance (including Dry-dock costs), ship insurance and other ship expenses. 
 Critical Accounting Policies Our consolidated financial statements have been prepared in accordance with U.S. GAAP. The preparation of these consolidated financial statements requires us to make estimates, judgments and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of our consolidated financial statements and the reported amounts of revenue and expenses during the periods presented. We rely on historical experience and on various other assumptions that we believe to be reasonable under the circumstances to make these estimates and judgments. Actual results could differ materially from these estimates. We believe that the following critical accounting policies reflect the significant estimates and assumptions used in the preparation of our consolidated financial statements. These critical accounting policies, which are presented in detail in our notes to our audited consolidated financial statements, relate to liquidity, ship accounting and asset impairment. 
 44 

Table of Contents 
 Liquidity We make several critical accounting estimates with respect to our liquidity. Significant events affecting travel typically have an impact on demand for cruise vacations, with the full extent of the impact determined by the length of time the event influences travel decisions. The level of occupancy on our ships will depend on a number of factors including, but not limited to, the conditions discussed below under Macroeconomic Trends and Uncertainties , further resurgences of COVID-19 or the emergence of other public health crises and any related governmental regulations and new health and safety protocols, port availability, travel restrictions, bans and advisories, and our ability to staff our ships. In addition, as a result of conditions associated with the COVID-19 pandemic and other global events, such as Russia s ongoing invasion of Ukraine and actions taken by the United States and other governments in response to the invasion, the global economy, including the financial and credit markets, has experienced significant volatility and disruptions, including increases in inflation rates, fuel prices, and interest rates. These conditions have resulted, and may continue to result, in increased expenses and also have impacted travel and consumer discretionary spending. We believe the ongoing effects of the foregoing factors and events on our operations and global bookings have had, and will continue to have, a significant impact on our financial results and liquidity. The estimation of our future cash flow projections includes numerous assumptions that are subject to various risks and uncertainties. Our principal assumptions for future cash flow projections include: Expected gradual return to historical occupancy levels; Expected increase in revenue per passenger cruise day through a combination of both passenger ticket and onboard revenue as compared to 2019; 
 Forecasted cash collections in accordance with the terms of our credit card processing agreements (see Note 13 - Commitments and Contingencies and Expected sustained higher fuel prices and the impact of inflation. 
 Our projected liquidity requirements also reflect our principal assumptions surrounding ongoing operating costs, as well as liquidity requirements for financing costs and necessary capital expenditures. We cannot make assurances that our assumptions used to estimate our liquidity requirements will not change materially due to the dynamic nature of the current economic landscape. Accordingly, the full effect of the COVID-19 pandemic and other global events impacting macroeconomic conditions and travel and consumer discretionary spending, including Russia s ongoing invasion of Ukraine, on our financial performance and financial condition cannot be quantified at this time. We have made reasonable estimates and judgments of the impact of these events within our financial statements; however, there may be material changes to those estimates in future periods. We have taken actions to improve our liquidity, including completing various capital market and financing transactions and making capital expenditure and operating expense reductions, and we expect to continue to pursue further opportunities to improve our liquidity. Ship Accounting Ships represent our most significant assets, and we record them at cost less accumulated depreciation. Depreciation of ships is computed on a straight-line basis over the weighted average useful lives of primarily 30 years after a 15 reduction for the estimated residual value of the ship. Our residual value is established based on our long-term estimates of the expected remaining future benefit at the end of the ships weighted average useful lives. In the third quarter of 2022, the Company took delivery of Norwegian s first Prima Class Ship. Based on the design, structure and technological advancements made to this new class of ship and the analysis of its major components, which is generally performed upon the introduction of a new class of ship, we have assigned the Prima Class Ships a weighted-average useful life of 35 years with a residual value of 10 . Ship improvement costs that we believe add value to our ships are capitalized to the ship and depreciated over the shorter of the improvements estimated useful lives or the remaining useful life of the ship. When we record the retirement of a ship component included within the ship s cost basis, we estimate the net book value of the component being retired and remove it from the ship s cost basis. Repairs and maintenance activities are charged to expense as incurred. We account for Dry-dock costs under the direct expense method which requires us to expense all Dry-dock costs as incurred. 
 45 

Table of Contents 
 We determine the weighted average useful lives of our ships based primarily on our estimates of the costs and useful lives of the ships major component systems on the date of acquisition, such as cabins, main diesels, main electric, superstructure and hull, and their related proportional weighting to the ship as a whole. The useful lives of components of new ships and ship improvements are estimated based on the economic lives of the new components. In addition, to determine the useful lives of the major components of new ships and ship improvements, we consider the impact of the historical useful lives of similar assets, manufacturer recommended lives, planned maintenance programs and anticipated changes in technological conditions. Given the large and complex nature of our ships, our accounting estimates related to ships and determinations of ship improvement costs to be capitalized require judgment and are uncertain. Should certain factors or circumstances cause us to revise our estimate of ship service lives or projected residual values, depreciation expense could be materially lower or higher. In 2020, one ship had significant improvements that extended the remaining weighted average useful life of the vessel. Accordingly, we updated our estimate of both its useful life and residual value based on the new weighted average useful life of its current components. The impact of the change in estimate was accounted on a prospective basis and was not material. If circumstances cause us to change our assumptions in making determinations as to whether ship improvements should be capitalized, the amounts we expense each year as repairs and maintenance costs could increase, partially offset by a decrease in depreciation expense. If we reduced our estimated weighted average ship service life by one year, depreciation expense for the year ended December 31, 2022 would have increased by 18.8 million. In addition, if our ships were estimated to have no residual value, depreciation expense for the same period would have increased by 82.8 million. We believe our estimates for ship accounting are reasonable and our methods are consistently applied. We believe that depreciation expense is based on a rational and systematic method to allocate our ships costs to the periods that benefit from the ships usage. Asset Impairment We review our long-lived assets, principally ships, for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of an asset may not be recoverable. Assets are grouped and evaluated at the lowest level for which there are identifiable cash flows that are largely independent of the cash flows of other groups of assets. For ship impairment analyses, the lowest level for which identifiable cash flows are largely independent of other assets and liabilities is each individual ship. We consider historical performance and future estimated results in our evaluation of potential impairment and then compare the carrying amount of the asset to the estimated future cash flows expected to result from the use of the asset. If the carrying amount of the asset exceeds the estimated expected undiscounted future cash flows, we measure the amount of the impairment by comparing the carrying amount of the asset to its estimated fair value. We estimate fair value based on the best information available utilizing estimates, judgments and projections as necessary. Our estimate of fair value is generally measured by discounting expected future cash flows at discount rates commensurate with the associated risk. We evaluate goodwill and trade names for impairment on December 31 or more frequently when an event occurs or circumstances change that indicates the carrying value of a reporting unit may not be recoverable. For our evaluation of goodwill, we use a qualitative assessment which allows us to first assess qualitative factors to determine whether it is more likely than not (i.e., more than 50 that the estimated fair value of a reporting unit is less than its carrying value. For trade names we also provide a qualitative assessment to determine if there is any indication of impairment. In order to make this evaluation, we consider whether any of the following factors or conditions exist: Changes in general macroeconomic conditions, such as a deterioration in general economic conditions; limitations on accessing capital; fluctuations in foreign exchange rates; or other developments in equity and credit markets; Changes in industry and market conditions such as a deterioration in the environment in which an entity operates; an increased competitive environment; a decline in market-dependent multiples or metrics (in both absolute terms and relative to peers); a change in the market for an entity s products or services; or a regulatory or political development; Changes in cost factors that have a negative effect on earnings and cash flows; Decline in overall financial performance (for both actual and expected performance); 
 46 

Table of Contents 
 Entity and reporting unit specific negative events such as changes in management, key personnel, strategy, or customers; litigation; or a change in the composition or carrying amount of net assets; and Decline in share price (in both absolute terms and relative to peers). 
 We believe our estimates and judgments with respect to our long-lived assets, principally ships, goodwill, tradenames and other indefinite-lived intangible assets are reasonable. Nonetheless, if there was a material change in assumptions used in the determination of such fair values or if there is a material change in the conditions or circumstances that influence such assets, we could be required to record an impairment charge. If a material change occurred or the result of the qualitative assessment indicated it is more likely than not that the estimated fair value of the asset is less than its carrying value, we would conduct a quantitative assessment comparing the fair value to its carrying value. We have concluded that our business has three reporting units. Each brand, Oceania Cruises, Regent Seven Seas and Norwegian, constitutes a business for which discrete financial information is available and management regularly reviews the operating results and, therefore, each brand is considered an operating segment. For our annual impairment evaluation, we performed a qualitative assessment for the Regent Seven Seas reporting unit and of each brand s trade names. As part of our analysis, we performed an assessment of current factors compared to key assumptions impacting the quantitative tests performed in 2020. As of December 31, 2022, there was 98.1 million of goodwill remaining for the Regent Seven Seas reporting unit. Trade names were 500.5 million as of December 31, 2022. As of December 31, 2022, our annual impairment reviews support the carrying values of these assets. Non-GAAP Financial Measures We use certain non-GAAP financial measures, such as Adjusted Gross Margin, Net Cruise Cost, Adjusted Net Cruise Cost Excluding Fuel, Adjusted EBITDA and Adjusted Net Loss to enable us to analyze our performance. See Terms Used in this Annual Report for the definitions of these and other non-GAAP financial measures. We utilize Adjusted Gross Margin to manage our business on a day-to-day basis because it reflects revenue earned net of certain direct variable costs. We also utilize Net Cruise Cost and Adjusted Net Cruise Cost Excluding Fuel to manage our business on a day-to-day basis. In measuring our ability to control costs in a manner that positively impacts our results of operations, we believe changes in Adjusted Gross Margin, Net Cruise Cost and Adjusted Net Cruise Cost Excluding Fuel to be the most relevant indicators of our performance. As our business includes the sourcing of passengers and deployment of vessels outside of the U.S., a portion of our revenue and expenses are denominated in foreign currencies, particularly British pound, Canadian dollar, euro and Australian dollar which are subject to fluctuations in currency exchange rates versus our reporting currency, the U.S. dollar. In order to monitor results excluding these fluctuations, we calculate certain non-GAAP measures on a Constant Currency basis, whereby current period revenue and expenses denominated in foreign currencies are converted to U.S. dollars using currency exchange rates of the comparable period. We believe that presenting these non-GAAP measures on both a reported and Constant Currency basis is useful in providing a more comprehensive view of trends in our business. We believe that Adjusted EBITDA is appropriate as a supplemental financial measure as it is used by management to assess operating performance. We also believe that Adjusted EBITDA is a useful measure in determining our performance as it reflects certain operating drivers of our business, such as sales growth, operating costs, marketing, general and administrative expense and other operating income and expense. Adjusted EBITDA is not a defined term under GAAP nor is it intended to be a measure of liquidity or cash flows from operations or a measure comparable to net income, as it does not take into account certain requirements such as capital expenditures and related depreciation, principal and interest payments and tax payments and it includes other supplemental adjustments. In addition, Adjusted Net Loss is a non-GAAP financial measure that excludes certain amounts and is used to supplement GAAP net loss. We use Adjusted Net Loss as a key performance measure of our earnings performance. We believe that both management and investors benefit from referring to these non-GAAP financial measures in assessing our performance and when planning, forecasting and analyzing future periods. These non-GAAP financial measures also facilitate management s internal comparison to our historical performance. The amounts excluded in the presentation of these non-GAAP financial measures may vary from period to period; accordingly, our presentation of Adjusted Net Loss may not be indicative of future adjustments or results. For example, for the year ended December 31, 2022, we incurred 
 47 

Table of Contents 
 12.1 million related to restructuring costs or charges. We included this as an adjustment in the reconciliation of Adjusted Net Loss since the expenses are not representative of our day-to-day operations; however, this adjustment did not occur and is not included in the comparative period presented within this Form 10-K. You are encouraged to evaluate each adjustment used in calculating our non-GAAP financial measures and the reasons we consider our non-GAAP financial measures appropriate for supplemental analysis. In evaluating our non-GAAP financial measures, you should be aware that in the future we may incur expenses similar to the adjustments in our presentation. Our non-GAAP financial measures have limitations as analytical tools, and you should not consider these measures in isolation or as a substitute for analysis of our results as reported under GAAP. Our presentation of our non-GAAP financial measures should not be construed as an inference that our future results will be unaffected by unusual or non-recurring items. Our non-GAAP financial measures may not be comparable to other companies. Please see a historical reconciliation of these measures to the most comparable GAAP measure presented in our consolidated financial statements below in the Results of Operations section. Update Regarding COVID-19 Pandemic Safe Resumption of Operations Due to the impact of COVID-19, travel restrictions and limited access to ports around the world, in March 2020, we implemented a voluntary suspension of all cruise voyages across our three brands. In the third quarter of 2021, we began a phased relaunch of certain cruise voyages with ships initially operating at reduced occupancy levels. In early May 2022, we completed the phased relaunch of our entire fleet with all ships now in operation with guests on board. Occupancy levels have sequentially increased in recent quarters, most recently averaging 87 in the fourth quarter 2022, with the Company expecting to return to historical Occupancy levels for the second quarter of 2023. During 2022, we benefitted from significant improvements in the public health environment which allowed for the removal of most COVID-19 related health and safety protocols by year-end, unless required by local jurisdictions. For example, in July 2022, the CDC announced that its voluntary COVID-19 Program for Cruise Ships Operating in U.S. Waters was no longer in effect. We will continue to modify and evolve our health and safety protocols as needed along with the broader public health and regulatory environments. We continue to prioritize the health and safety of our guests, crew and communities we visit and follow applicable travel guidelines and local protocols as required by the ports and destinations we visit. The relaxation of protocols, continued easing of travel restrictions and reopening of most ports around the globe to cruise ships has improved travel experiences, expanded the addressable cruise market, allowed us to expand the variety of our itineraries and provided additional catalysts on the road to recovery. Modified Policies We have launched cancellation policies for certain sailings booked during certain time periods to permit certain guests to cancel cruises which were not part of a temporary suspension of voyages up to 15 days prior to embarkation for cruises embarking prior to December 31, 2022 or in the event of a positive COVID-19 test and receive a refund in the form of a credit to be applied toward a future cruise. Standard payment schedules and cancellation penalties apply for all sailings after December 31, 2022. The future cruise credits that have been issued as face value reimbursement for cancelled bookings due to COVID-19 are generally valid for any sailing through June 30, 2023, and we may further extend the length of time these future cruise credits may be redeemed. The use of such credits may prevent us from garnering certain future cash collections as staterooms booked by guests with such credits will not be available for sale, resulting in less cash collected from bookings to new guests. We may incur incremental commission expense for the use of these future cruise credits. Financing Transactions In 2022 and 2023, we continued to take actions to bolster our financial condition as part of our long-term post-pandemic financial recovery strategy. In February 2022, we received additional financing through various debt financings, collectively totaling 2.1 billion in gross proceeds, which was used to redeem all of the outstanding 2024 Senior Secured Notes and 2026 Senior Secured Notes and to make scheduled principal payments on debt maturing in 2022, including, in each case, to pay any accrued and unpaid interest thereon, as well as related premiums, fees and expenses. 
 48 

Table of Contents 
 In December 2022, we amended the Senior Secured Credit Facility to extend approximately 1.4 billion of maturities by one year to January 2025. The amendment also updated certain financial covenants and increased our ability to incur additional debt. Each of our export-credit backed facilities were also amended to conform the financial covenants with the Senior Secured Credit Facility. In February 2023, a commitment of 82.5 million in aggregate principal amount of the Revolving Loan Facility that was not previously extended was obtained to assign the commitment to a new lender under the same terms as the extending lenders. In February 2023, NCLC issued 600 million aggregate principal amount of 8.375 senior secured notes due 2028. The proceeds from the notes were used to repay the loans outstanding under our Term Loan A Facility that otherwise would have become due in January 2024, including to pay any accrued and unpaid interest thereon, as well as related premiums, fees and expenses. In July 2022, we amended our 1 billion commitment, which provided additional liquidity to the Company through March 31, 2023. In February 2023, the commitment was further extended through February 2024, with an option for NCLC to further extend the commitments through February 2025 at its election. Simultaneously, the amount of the commitment was reduced to 650 million, which may be drawn in up to two draws, and in connection with the execution of the amended commitment letter, NCLC issued 250 million aggregate principal amount of senior secured notes due 2028. NCLC will use the net proceeds for general corporate purposes. In February 2023, NCLC entered into a Backstop Agreement with MS, pursuant to which MS has agreed to provide backstop committed financing to refinance and/or repay in whole or in part up to 300 million of amounts outstanding under the Senior Secured Credit Facility. Refer to Note 8 Long-Term Debt for further details about the above transactions. Update on Bookings The Company entered the year with a record cumulative booked position of approximately 62 for full year 2023, in line with previously outlined expectations and within the Company s optimal 60 to 65 range, and at higher prices than 2019 at a similar point in time. Booking volumes have accelerated in recent months buoyed by strong WAVE season demand. The Company s brands achieved several booking records in recent months including at Norwegian Cruise Line which reached an all-time record booking month in November, boosted by Black Friday and Cyber Monday, which was subsequently exceeded in January 2023. As a result, full year 2023 cumulative booked position is ahead of 2019 levels inclusive of the Company s approximately 19 increase in capacity, at continued higher pricing. Net booking volumes continue to be at the pace needed to reach historical Occupancy levels for the second quarter of 2023 and beyond; however, our full fleet may not achieve historical Occupancy levels on our expected schedule and as a result, current booking data may not be informative. In addition, because of our cancellation policies, bookings may not be representative of actual cruise revenues. There are uncertainties about when our full fleet will be back at historical occupancy levels and, accordingly, we cannot estimate the impact on our business, financial condition or near- or longer-term financial or operational results with certainty; however, we will report a net loss for the first quarter of 2023. Macroeconomic Trends and Uncertainties As a result of conditions associated with global events, including the downstream effects of the COVID-19 pandemic and Russia s ongoing invasion of Ukraine and actions taken by the United States and other governments in response to the invasion, the global economy, including the financial and credit markets, has experienced significant volatility and disruptions, including increases in inflation rates, fuel prices, and interest rates. Our costs have been, and are expected to continue to be, adversely impacted by these increases. We have used, and may continue to use, derivative instruments to attempt to mitigate the risk of adverse changes in fuel prices and interest expense. In an attempt to mitigate risks related to inflation, our supply chain department has negotiated contracts with varying terms, with a goal of providing us with the ability to take advantage of cost declines when they occur, and diversified our sourcing options. These strategies may not fully offset the impact of current macroeconomic conditions. Furthermore, we are exposed to fluctuations in the euro exchange rate for certain portions of ship construction contracts that have not been hedged. See Item 1A Risk Factors for additional information. 
 49 

Table of Contents 
 Climate Change We believe the increasing focus on climate change and evolving regulatory requirements will materially impact our future capital expenditures and results of operations. We expect to incur significant expenses related to these regulatory requirements, which may include expenses related to greenhouse gas emissions reduction initiatives and the purchase of emissions allowances, among other things. If requirements become more stringent, we may be required to change certain operating procedures, for example slowing the speed of our ships, which could adversely impact our operations. We are evaluating the effects of global climate change related requirements, which are still evolving, including our ability to mitigate certain future expenses through initiatives to reduce greenhouse gas emissions; consequently, the full impact to the Company is not yet known. Additionally, our ships, port facilities, corporate offices and island destinations have in the past and may again be adversely affected by an increase in the frequency and intensity of adverse weather conditions caused by climate change. For example, certain ports have become temporarily unavailable to us due to hurricane damage and other destinations have either considered or implemented restrictions on cruise operations due to environmental concerns. See Item 1A, Risk Factors for additional information. Executive Overview Total revenue increased 647.5 to 4.8 billion for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to 0.6 billion for the year ended December 31, 2021. Capacity Days increased by 420.2 . For the year ended December 31, 2022, we had net loss of (2.0) billion. For the year ended December 31, 2021, we had net loss of (3.6) billion. Operating loss decreased 39.2 to (1.6) billion for the year ended December 31, 2022 from (2.6) billion for the year ended December 31, 2021. We had Adjusted Net Loss of (2.0) billion, for the year ended December 31, 2022, including 13.4 million of adjustments primarily consisting of losses on the extinguishment and modification of debt and share-based compensation offset by debt conversion options and related expenses, compared to Adjusted Net Loss of (2.9) billion for the year ended December 31, 2021. A 60.9 improvement in Adjusted EBITDA was incurred for the same period. We refer you to our Results of Operations below for a calculation of Adjusted Net Loss and Adjusted EBITDA. Results of Operations The discussion below compares the results of operations for the year ended December 31, 2022 to the year ended December 31, 2021. You should read this discussion in conjunction with the consolidated financial statements and the notes thereto included elsewhere in this annual report. For a comparison of the Company s results of operations for the fiscal years ended December 31, 2021 to the year ended December 31, 2020, see Item 7, Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations in the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2021, which was filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission on March 1, 2022. We reported total revenue, total cruise operating expense, operating loss and net loss as follows (in thousands): 

Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 Total revenue 4,843,760 647,986 Total cruise operating expense 4,267,086 1,608,037 Operating loss (1,550,495) (2,550,921) Net loss (1,970,431) (3,605,735) 
 50 

Table of Contents 
 The following table sets forth operating data as a percentage of total revenue: 

Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 Revenue Passenger ticket 67.2 60.6 Onboard and other 32.8 39.4 Total revenue 100.0 100.0 Cruise operating expense Commissions, transportation and other 21.4 22.2 Onboard and other 7.4 8.3 Payroll and related 22.5 82.9 Fuel 14.2 46.6 Food 5.4 9.7 Other 17.2 78.4 Total cruise operating expense 88.1 248.1 Other operating expense Marketing, general and administrative 28.4 137.4 Depreciation and amortization 15.5 108.2 Total other operating expense 43.9 245.6 Operating loss (32.0) (393.7) Non-operating income (expense) Interest expense, net (18.5) (215.5) Other income (expense), net 9.9 53.2 Total non-operating income (expense) (8.6) (162.3) Net loss before income taxes (40.6) (556.0) Income tax expense (0.1) (0.5) Net loss (40.7) (556.5) The following table sets forth selected statistical information: 

Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 Passengers carried 1,663,275 232,448 Passenger Cruise Days 12,791,773 1,778,899 Capacity Days (1) 17,566,069 3,376,703 Occupancy Percentage 72.8 52.7 

 (1) Excludes certain capacity on Pride of America which was temporarily unavailable. Adjusted Gross Margin was calculated as follows (in thousands): 

Year Ended December 31, 2022 Constant 2022 Currency 2021 Total revenue 4,843,760 4,891,222 647,986 Less: Total cruise operating expense 4,267,086 4,306,953 1,608,037 Ship depreciation 700,988 700,988 650,138 Gross Margin (124,314) (116,719) (1,610,189) Ship depreciation 700,988 700,988 650,138 Payroll and related 1,088,639 1,089,184 537,439 Fuel 686,825 687,022 301,852 Food 263,807 267,500 62,999 Other 835,254 857,657 508,186 Adjusted Gross Margin 3,451,199 3,485,632 450,425 
 51 

Table of Contents 
 Gross Cruise Cost, Net Cruise Cost, Net Cruise Cost Excluding Fuel and Adjusted Net Cruise Cost Excluding Fuel were calculated as follows (in thousands): 

Year Ended December 31, 2022 Constant 2022 Currency 2021 Total cruise operating expense 4,267,086 4,306,953 1,608,037 Marketing, general and administrative expense 1,377,843 1,387,825 890,025 Gross Cruise Cost 5,644,929 5,694,778 2,498,062 Less: Commissions, transportation and other expense 1,034,629 1,047,658 143,524 Onboard and other expense 357,932 357,932 54,037 Net Cruise Cost 4,252,368 4,289,188 2,300,501 Less: Fuel expense 686,825 687,022 301,852 Net Cruise Cost Excluding Fuel 3,565,543 3,602,166 1,998,649 Less Non-GAAP Adjustments: Non-cash deferred compensation (1) 2,797 2,797 3,619 Non-cash share-based compensation (2) 113,563 113,563 124,077 Restructuring costs (3) 12,140 12,140 Adjusted Net Cruise Cost Excluding Fuel 3,437,043 3,473,666 1,870,953 

 (1) Non-cash deferred compensation expenses related to the crew pension plan and other crew expenses, which are included in payroll and related expense. (2) Non-cash share-based compensation expenses related to equity awards, which are included in marketing, general and administrative expense and payroll and related expense. (3) Restructuring costs related to the workforce reduction are included in marketing, general and administrative expense. Adjusted Net Loss was calculated as follows (in thousands): 

Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 Net loss (1,970,431) (3,605,735) Non-GAAP Adjustments: Non-cash deferred compensation (1) 4,048 4,012 Non-cash share-based compensation (2) 113,563 124,077 Restructuring costs (3) 12,140 Extinguishment and modification of debt (4) 193,374 664,303 Debt conversion option, discount and expenses (5) (309,687) (130,616) Adjusted Net Loss (1,956,993) (2,943,959) 

 (1) Non-cash deferred compensation expenses related to the crew pension plan and other crew expenses are included in payroll and related expense and other income (expense), net. (2) Non-cash share-based compensation expenses related to equity awards are included in marketing, general and administrative expense and payroll and related expense. (3) Restructuring costs related to the workforce reduction are included in marketing, general and administrative expense. (4) Losses on extinguishments and modifications of debt are primarily included in interest expense, net. (5) Consists of non-cash gains and losses related to our debt conversion options as well as the associated financing costs, which are recognized in other income (expense), net. Also includes the related debt discount and additional payment-in-kind interest recognized upon transfer to the debt principal, which is recognized in interest expense, net. 
 52 

Table of Contents 
 EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA were calculated as follows (in thousands): 

Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 Net loss (1,970,431) (3,605,735) Interest expense, net 895,242 1,396,109 Income tax expense 5,633 3,321 Depreciation and amortization expense 749,326 700,845 EBITDA (320,230) (1,505,460) Other (income) expense, net (1) (480,939) (344,616) Other Non-GAAP Adjustments: Non-cash deferred compensation (2) 2,797 3,619 Non-cash share-based compensation (3) 113,563 124,077 Restructuring costs (4) 12,140 Adjusted EBITDA (672,669) (1,722,380) 

 (1) Primarily consists of gains and losses, net on debt conversion options. (2) Non-cash deferred compensation expenses related to the crew pension plan and other crew expenses are included in payroll and related expense. (3) Non-cash share-based compensation expenses related to equity awards are included in marketing, general and administrative expense and payroll and related expense. (4) Restructuring costs related to the workforce reduction are included in marketing, general and administrative expense. Year Ended December 31, 2022 2022 Compared to Year Ended December 31, 2021 2021 Revenue Total revenue increased 647.5 to 4.8 billion in 2022 compared to 0.6 billion in 2021. In 2022, revenue primarily increased as we returned to service with 12.8 million Passenger Cruise Days compared to 1.8 million in 2021. Expense Total cruise operating expense increased 165.4 in 2022 compared to 2021. In 2022, the year started with 16 ships operating with guests onboard and ended with the entire 29-ship fleet in service compared to 2021, during which only 16 ships were returned to service in the second half of the year. In 2022, our cruise operating expenses increased as more ships resumed voyages, resulting in higher payroll, fuel, and direct variable costs of fully operating ships. Costs for certain items such as food, fuel and logistics also increased related to inflation. Gross Cruise Cost increased 126.0 in 2022 compared to 2021, primarily related to the change in costs described above plus an increase in marketing, general and administrative expenses primarily related to increased marketing costs as we returned to service. Total other operating expense increased 33.7 in 2022 compared to 2021 primarily due to the increase in marketing, general and administrative expenses. Interest expense, net was 0.9 billion in 2022 compared to 1.4 billion in 2021. The decrease in 2022 primarily reflects lower losses from extinguishment of debt and debt modification costs, which were 0.7 billion in 2021. Excluding these losses, interest expense increased primarily as a result of higher debt balances and higher rates partially offset by lower interest expense in connection with refinancings. Other income (expense), net was income of 480.9 million in 2022 compared to 344.6 million in 2021. Other income in 2022 and 2021 was primarily due to gains from conversion options on our exchangeable notes. Liquidity and Capital Resources General As of December 31, 2022, our liquidity consisted of cash and cash equivalents of 0.9 billion and a 1 billion undrawn commitment, less related fees, available through March 31, 2023. Our primary ongoing liquidity requirements are to 
 53 

Table of Contents 
 finance working capital, capital expenditures and debt service. As of December 31, 2022, we had a working capital deficit of 3.2 billion. This deficit included 2.5 billion of advance ticket sales, which represents the total revenue we collected in advance of sailing dates and accordingly are substantially more like deferred revenue balances rather than actual current cash liabilities. Our business model, along with our liquidity and undrawn export-credit backed facilities, allows us to operate with a working capital deficit and still meet our operating, investing and financing needs. In February 2022, we received additional financing through various debt financings, collectively totaling 2.1 billion in gross proceeds, which was used to redeem all of the outstanding 2024 Senior Secured Notes and 2026 Senior Secured Notes and to make scheduled principal payments on debt maturing in 2022, including, in each case, to pay any accrued and unpaid interest thereon, as well as related premiums, fees and expenses. In December 2022, we amended our Senior Secured Credit Facility to extend approximately 1.4 billion of maturities by one year to January 2025, subject to, if a one-time minimum liquidity threshold is not satisfied on September 16, 2024, a springing maturity date of September 16, 2024. The amendment also updated certain financial covenants and increased our ability to incur additional debt. Each of our export-credit backed facilities were also amended to conform the financial covenants with the Senior Secured Credit Facility. In February 2023, a commitment of 82.5 million in aggregate principal amount of the Revolving Loan Facility that was not previously extended was obtained to assign the commitment to a new lender under the same terms as the extending lenders. In February 2023, NCLC issued 600 million aggregate principal amount of 8.375 senior secured notes due 2028. The proceeds from the notes were used to repay the loans outstanding under our Term Loan A Facility that otherwise would have become due in January 2024, including to pay any accrued and unpaid interest thereon, as well as related premiums, fees and expenses. In July 2022, we amended our 1 billion commitment, which provided additional liquidity to the Company through March 31, 2023. In February 2023, the commitment was further extended through February 2024, with an option for NCLC to further extend the commitments through February 2025 at its election. Simultaneously, the amount of the commitment was reduced to 650 million, which may be drawn in up to two draws, and in connection with the execution of the amended commitment letter, NCLC issued 250 million aggregate principal amount of senior secured notes due 2028. NCLC will use the net proceeds for general corporate purposes. In February 2023, NCLC entered into a Backstop Agreement with MS, pursuant to which MS has agreed to provide backstop committed financing to refinance and/or repay in whole or in part up to 300 million of amounts outstanding under the Senior Secured Credit Facility at any time between October 4, 2023 and January 2, 2024. Refer to Note 8 Long-Term Debt for further details about the above financing transactions. The estimation of our future cash flow projections includes numerous assumptions that are subject to various risks and uncertainties. Refer to Note 2 Summary of Significant Accounting Policies for further information on liquidity and management s plan. Refer to Item 1A, Risk Factors for further details regarding uncertainty related to Russia s ongoing invasion of Ukraine and other risks and uncertainties that may cause our results to differ from our expectations. There can be no assurance that the accuracy of the assumptions used to estimate our liquidity requirements will be correct, and our ability to be predictive is uncertain due to the dynamic nature of the current operating environment, including the impacts of the COVID-19 global pandemic, Russia s ongoing invasion of Ukraine and current macroeconomic conditions such as inflation, rising fuel prices and rising interest rates. Based on the liquidity estimates and our current resources, we have concluded we have sufficient liquidity to satisfy our obligations for at least the next 12 months. Nonetheless, we anticipate that we will need additional equity and/or debt financing to fund our operations in the future if a substantial portion of our fleet suspends cruise voyages or operates at reduced occupancy levels for a prolonged period. There is no assurance that cash flows from operations and additional financings will be available in the future to fund our future obligations. Beyond 12 months, we will pursue refinancings and other balance sheet optimization transactions from time to time in order to reduce interest expense or extend debt maturities. We expect to collaborate with financing institutions regarding these refinancing and optimization transactions as opportunities arise in the short-term to amend long-term arrangements. We have received amendments to certain financial and other debt covenants, including the modification of our free liquidity requirements. At December 31, 2022, taking into account such amendments, we were in compliance with all of our debt covenants. If we do not continue to remain in compliance with our covenants, we would have to seek additional 
 54 

Table of Contents 
 amendments to or waivers of the covenants. However, no assurances can be made that such amendments or waivers would be approved by our lenders. Generally, if an event of default under any debt agreement occurs, then pursuant to cross default and/or cross acceleration clauses, substantially all of our outstanding debt and derivative contract payables could become due, and all debt and derivative contracts could be terminated, which would have a material adverse impact to our operations and liquidity. Since March 2020, Moody s has downgraded our long-term issuer rating to B2, our senior secured rating to B1 and our senior unsecured rating to Caa1. In September 2022, Moody s reaffirmed our current ratings. Since April 2020, S P Global has downgraded our issuer credit rating to B, lowered our issue-level rating on our 875 million Revolving Loan Facility and 1.5 billion Term Loan A Facility to BB-, our issue-level rating on our other senior secured notes to B+ and our senior unsecured rating to B-. If our credit ratings were to be further downgraded, or general market conditions were to ascribe higher risk to our rating levels, our industry, or us, our access to capital and the cost of any debt or equity financing will be further negatively impacted. We also have capacity to incur additional indebtedness under our debt agreements and may issue additional ordinary shares from time to time, subject to our authorized number of ordinary shares. However, there is no guarantee that debt or equity financings will be available in the future to fund our obligations, or that they will be available on terms consistent with our expectations. As of December 31, 2022, we had advance ticket sales of 2.7 billion, including the long-term portion, which included approximately 144.0 million of future cruise credits. We also have agreements with our credit card processors that, as of December 31, 2022, governed approximately 2.4 billion in advance ticket sales that had been received by the Company relating to future voyages. These agreements allow the credit card processors to require under certain circumstances, including the existence of a material adverse change, excessive chargebacks and other triggering events, that the Company maintain a reserve which would be satisfied by posting collateral. Although the agreements vary, these requirements may generally be satisfied either through a percentage of customer payments withheld or providing cash funds directly to the card processor. Any cash reserve or collateral requested could be increased or decreased. As of December 31, 2022, we had cash collateral reserves of approximately 622.0 million with credit card processors, of which approximately 118.4 million is recognized in accounts receivable, net and approximately 503.6 million in other long-term assets. We may be required to pledge additional collateral and/or post additional cash reserves or take other actions that may reduce our liquidity. Sources and Uses of Cash In this section, references to 2022 refer to the year ended December 31, 2022, references to 2021 refer to the year ended December 31, 2021. Net cash provided by operating activities was 199.8 million in 2022 compared to net cash used in operating activities of 2.5 billion in 2021. The net cash used in operating activities included net losses due to the suspension of global cruise voyages from March 2020 through July 2021, the subsequent resumption of cruise voyages through May 2022 and the timing differences in cash receipts and payments relating to operating assets and liabilities. The net cash provided by operating activities in 2022 included net losses of (2.0) billion, an increase in advance ticket sales of 928.9 million and loss on extinguishment of 188.8 million. The net cash used in operating activities in 2021 included net losses of (3.6) billion and a decrease of 1.2 billion in cash from accounts receivable, which includes our collateral reserves with credit card processors, offset by an increase in advance ticket sales of 521.9 million and loss on extinguishment of 635.3 million. Net cash used in investing activities was 1.8 billion in 2022, primarily related to the delivery of Norwegian Prima. Net cash used in investing activities was 1.0 billion in 2021, primarily related to newbuild payments and ship improvement projects and net purchases and maturities of short-term investments. Net cash provided by financing activities was 1.0 billion in 2022, primarily due to newbuild loans and the proceeds of 2.1 billion from our various note offerings partially offset by debt repayments and related redemption premiums associated with extinguishment of certain senior secured notes. Net cash provided by financing activities was 1.7 billion in 2021, primarily due to 2.6 billion in proceeds from the issuance of debt and a 2.7 billion contribution from NCLH offset by 2.1 billion of debt principal repayments and 1.4 billion of early redemption premiums. 
 55 

Table of Contents 
 For the Company s cash flow activities for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2020, see Item 7, Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations in the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2021, which was filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission on March 1, 2022. Future Capital Commitments Future capital commitments consist of contracted commitments, including ship construction contracts. Anticipated expenditures related to ship construction contracts are 2.4 billion, 0.5 billion and 1.8 billion for the years ending December 31, 2023, 2024 and 2025, respectively. We have export-credit backed financing in place for the anticipated expenditures related to ship construction contracts of 1.9 billion, 0.1 billion and 1.1 billion for the years ending December 31, 2023, 2024 and 2025, respectively. Anticipated non-newbuild capital expenditures are 0.4 billion for the year ended December 31, 2023. Future expected capital expenditures will significantly increase our depreciation and amortization expense. For the Norwegian brand, we have five Prima Class Ships on order, each ranging from approximately 143,500 to 169,000 Gross Tons with 3,100 or more Berths, with currently scheduled delivery dates from 2023 through 2028. For the Regent brand, we have one Explorer Class Ship on order to be delivered in 2023, which will be approximately 55,000 Gross Tons and 750 Berths. For the Oceania Cruises brand, we have orders for two Allura Class Ships to be delivered in 2023 and 2025. Each of the Allura Class Ships will be approximately 67,000 Gross Tons and 1,200 Berths. As of December 31, 2022, the combined contract prices of the eight ships on order for delivery was approximately 6.7 billion, or 7.2 billion based on the euro/U.S. dollar exchange rate as of December 31, 2022. Contract amendments for certain of our ships that are or will become effective subsequent to December 31, 2022 will increase the contract cost by 1.2 billion, of which 0.5 billion is included in the anticipated expenditures related to ship construction contracts discussed above. We have obtained or expect to obtain fixed rate export-credit backed financing which is expected to fund approximately 80 of the contract price of each ship, subject to certain conditions. We do not anticipate any contractual breaches or cancellations to occur. However, if any such events were to occur, it could result in, among other things, the forfeiture of prior deposits or payments made by us and potential claims and impairment losses which may materially impact our business, financial condition and results of operations. Capitalized interest for the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 was 58.4 million and 43.6 million, respectively, primarily associated with the construction of our newbuild ships. 
 56 

Table of Contents 
 Material Cash Requirements As of December 31, 2022, our material cash requirements for debt and ship construction were as follows (in thousands): 

2023 2024 2025 2026 2027 Thereafter Total Long-term debt (1) 1,649,354 3,060,269 2,818,257 2,338,101 3,284,454 2,990,190 16,140,625 Ship construction contracts (2) 2,198,897 275,232 1,617,782 1,827,114 842,581 6,761,606 Total 3,848,251 3,335,501 4,436,039 4,165,215 4,127,035 2,990,190 22,902,231 

 (1) Includes principal as well as estimated interest payments with LIBOR/SOFR held constant as of December 31, 2022. Includes exchangeable notes which can be settled in shares. Excludes the impact of any future possible refinancings and undrawn export-credit backed facilities. Subsequent to December 31, 2022, we completed various capital market and financing transactions, including issuing two series of notes totaling an aggregate principal amount of 850 million of senior secured notes due in 2028, of which approximately 600 million was used to repay the loans outstanding under our Term Loan A Facility that otherwise would have become due in January 2024. Additionally, a commitment of 82.5 million in aggregate principal amount of the Revolving Loan Facility was obtained, which will extend the maturity date of the assigned commitments by one year to January 2025. See Note 8 Long-Term Debt for further information. (2) Ship construction contracts are for our newbuild ships based on the euro/U.S. dollar exchange rate as of December 31, 2022. As of December 31, 2022, we have committed undrawn export-credit backed facilities of 5.6 billion which funds approximately 80 of our ship construction contracts. After giving effect to an amendment to our newbuild agreements for the last two Prima Class Ships subsequent to December 31, 2022, our material cash requirements for ship construction contracts are as follows (in thousands): 

2023 2024 2025 2026 2027 Thereafter Total Ship construction contracts 2,204,378 213,353 1,573,183 1,071,080 1,021,461 952,200 7,035,655 Excludes the impact of expected future ship construction contract amendments noted above. For other operational commitments for lease and port obligations we refer you to Note 5 Leases and Note 13 Commitments and Contingencies, respectively, for further information. Funding Sources Certain of our debt agreements contain covenants that, among other things, require us to maintain a minimum level of liquidity, as well as limit our net funded debt-to-capital ratio, and maintain certain other ratios. Approximately 13.7 billion of our assets are pledged as collateral for certain of our debt. We have received amendments to certain financial and other debt covenants, including the modification of our free liquidity requirements. After taking into account such amendments, we believe we were in compliance with these covenants as of December 31, 2022. In addition, our existing debt agreements restrict, and any of our future debt arrangements may restrict, among other things, the ability of NCLC to make distributions and/or pay dividends to NCLH and NCLH s ability to pay cash dividends to its shareholders. NCLH is a holding company and depends upon its subsidiaries for their ability to pay distributions to finance any dividend or pay any other obligations of NCLH. However, we do not believe that these restrictions have had or are expected to have an impact on our ability to meet any cash obligations. 
 57 

Table of Contents 
 We believe our cash on hand, the impact of the undrawn commitment less related fees, the backstop financing available from October 4, 2023 through January 2, 2024, the expected return of a portion of the cash collateral from our credit card processors, expected future operating cash inflows, our ability to issue debt securities and NCLH s ability to issue additional equity securities, will be sufficient to fund operations, debt payment requirements, capital expenditures and maintain compliance with covenants under our debt agreements over the next 12-month period. Refer to Liquidity and Capital Resources General for further information regarding the debt covenant waivers and liquidity requirements. Other Certain service providers may require collateral in the normal course of our business. The amount of collateral may change based on certain terms and conditions. As a routine part of our business, depending on market conditions, exchange rates, pricing and our strategy for growth, we regularly consider opportunities to enter into contracts for the building of additional ships. We may also consider the sale of ships, potential acquisitions and strategic alliances. If any of these transactions were to occur, they may be financed through the incurrence of additional permitted indebtedness, through cash flows from operations, or through the issuance of debt, equity or equity-related securities. We refer you to Liquidity and Capital Resources General for information regarding collateral provided to our credit card processors. Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk General We are exposed to market risk attributable to changes in interest rates, foreign currency exchange rates and fuel prices. We attempt to minimize these risks through a combination of our normal operating and financing activities and through the use of derivatives. The financial impacts of these derivative instruments are primarily offset by corresponding changes in the underlying exposures being hedged. We achieve this by closely matching the notional, term and conditions of the derivatives with the underlying risk being hedged. We do not hold or issue derivatives for trading or other speculative purposes. Derivative positions are monitored using techniques including market valuations and sensitivity analyses. Interest Rate Risk As of December 31, 2022, 75 of our debt was fixed and 25 was variable. As of December 31, 2021, 72 of our debt was fixed and 28 was variable, which includes the effects of an interest rate swap that matured during the year ended December 31, 2022. The notional amount of our outstanding debt associated with the interest rate swap was 0.2 billion as of December 31, 2021. The change in our fixed rate percentage from December 31, 2021 to December 31, 2022 was primarily due to the addition of fixed rate debt. Based on our December 31, 2022 outstanding variable rate debt balance, a one percentage point increase in annual LIBOR interest rates would increase our annual interest expense by approximately 34.1 million excluding the effects of capitalization of interest. Foreign Currency Exchange Rate Risk As of December 31, 2022, we had foreign currency derivatives to hedge the exposure to volatility in foreign currency exchange rates related to our ship construction contracts denominated in euros. These derivatives hedge the foreign currency exchange rate risk on a portion of the payments on our ship construction contracts. The payments not hedged aggregate 4.5 billion, or 4.8 billion based on the euro/U.S. dollar exchange rate as of December 31, 2022. As of December 31, 2021, the payments not hedged aggregated 5.0 billion, or 5.7 billion, based on the euro/U.S. dollar exchange rate as of December 31, 2021. The change from December 31, 2021 to December 31, 2022 was due to the addition of foreign currency forwards and the delivery of Norwegian Prima. We estimate that a 10 change in the euro as of December 31, 2022 would result in a 0.5 billion change in the U.S. dollar value of the foreign currency denominated remaining payments. 
 58 

Table of Contents 
 Fuel Price Risk Our exposure to market risk for changes in fuel prices relates to the forecasted purchases of fuel on our ships. Fuel expense, as a percentage of our total cruise operating expense, was 16.1 for the year ended December 31, 2022 and 18.8 for the year ended December 31, 2021. We use fuel derivative agreements to mitigate the financial impact of fluctuations in fuel prices and as of December 31, 2022, we had hedged approximately 50 of our 2023 projected metric tons of fuel purchases. As of December 31, 2021, we had hedged approximately 24 of our 2023 projected metric tons of fuel purchases. Additional fuel swaps were executed between December 31, 2021 to December 31, 2022 to lower our fuel price risk. We estimate that a 10 increase in our weighted-average fuel price would increase our anticipated 2023 fuel expense by 67.7 million. This increase would be partially offset by an increase in the fair value of our fuel swap agreements of 38.2 million. Fair value of our derivative contracts is derived using valuation models that utilize the income valuation approach. These valuation models take into account the contract terms such as maturity, as well as other inputs such as fuel types, fuel curves, creditworthiness of the counterparty and the Company, as well as other data points. Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data Our Consolidated Financial Statements are included beginning on page F-1 of this report. Item 9. Changes In and Disagreements With Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure None. Item 9A. Controls and Procedures Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures Our management has evaluated, with the participation of our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures, as such term is defined in Exchange Act Rule 13a-15(e), as of December 31, 2022. There are inherent limitations to the effectiveness of any system of disclosure controls and procedures, including the possibility of human error and the circumvention or overriding of the controls and procedures. Accordingly, even effective disclosure controls and procedures can only provide reasonable assurance of achieving their control objectives. Based upon management s evaluation, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were effective as of December 31, 2022, to provide reasonable assurance that the information required to be disclosed by us in the reports we file or submit under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the rules and forms of the SEC, and that it is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. Management s Annual Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting Our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting, as such term is defined in Exchange Act Rule 13a-15(f). Under the supervision and with the participation of our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, we conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting based on the 2013 Internal Control-Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission COSO Framework ). Based on this evaluation under the COSO Framework, management concluded that our internal control over financial reporting was effective as of December 31, 2022. The effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022 has been audited by PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP, the independent registered public accounting firm that audited the financial statements included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, as stated in their report, which is included on page F-1. Changes in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting There have been no changes in our internal control over financial reporting during the quarter ended December 31, 2022 that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 
 59 

Table of Contents 
 Limitations on the Effectiveness of Controls It should be noted that any system of controls, however well designed and operated, can provide only reasonable, and not absolute, assurance that the objectives of the system will be met. In addition, the design of any control system is based in part upon certain assumptions about the likelihood of future events. Because of these and other inherent limitations of control systems, there is only the reasonable assurance that our controls will succeed in achieving their goals under all potential future conditions. Item 9B. Other Information None. Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections Not applicable. PART III Items 10, 11, 12 and 13, Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance, Executive Compensation, Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters, Certain Relationships and Related Transactions and Director Independence, respectively. As a wholly owned subsidiary of NCLH, we are omitting the information called for by these items in accordance with the reduced disclosure format permitted by General Instruction I(2)(c) of Form 10-K. For information related to Items 10, 11, 12 and 13, Directors and Executive Officers and Corporate Governance, Executive Compensation, Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters, Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence, except for information concerning executive officers (called for by Item 401(b) of Regulation S-K), which is included in Part I of this Annual Report and except as disclosed below with respect to our Code of Ethical Business Conduct, the information required by Items 10, 11, 12 and 13 is incorporated herein by reference to the NCLH definitive proxy statement to be filed with the SEC no later than 120 days after the close of its fiscal year ended December 31, 2022 in connection with its Annual General Meeting of Shareholders. Code of Ethical Business Conduct We have adopted a Code of Ethical Business Conduct that applies to all of our employees, including our principal executive officer, principal financial officer, principal accounting officer or controller and persons performing similar functions, and our directors. This document is posted on our website at www.nclhltdinvestor.com . We intend to disclose waivers from, and amendments to, our Code of Ethical Business Conduct that apply to our directors and executive officers, including our principal executive officer, principal financial officer, principal accounting officers or controller and persons performing similar functions, by posting such information on our website www.nclhltdinvestor.com to the extent required by applicable rules of the SEC. None of the websites referenced in this Annual Report or the information contained therein is incorporated herein by reference. Item 14. Principal Accounting Fees and Services 

Total Fees Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 (in thousands) Fees: Audit 4,975 4,480 Audit-related 525 450 Tax 695 646 All other 8 8 Total 6,203 5,584 Audit fees for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 related to the aggregate fees billed by PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP PwC in connection with the audit of our financial statements and related internal controls over financial reporting. 
 60 

Table of Contents 
 Audit-related fees for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 related to an issuance of comfort letters. Tax fees for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 related to tax preparation and other tax services. All other fees for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 included the PwC annual on-line subscription research tool. Audit Committee Pre-Approval Policies and Procedures Pursuant to the terms of its charter, the audit committee approves all audit and non-audit services provided by PwC. Any services provided by PwC that are not specifically included within the scope of the audit must be pre-approved by the audit committee prior to any engagement. All such services provided by PwC have been pre-approved in accordance with these procedures. The audit committee has considered and determined that the services provided by PwC are compatible with maintaining PwC s independence. PART IV Item 15. Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules (1) Financial Statements Our Consolidated Financial Statements have been prepared in accordance with Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data and are included beginning on page F-1 of this report. (2) Financial Statement Schedules Schedule II: Valuation and Qualifying Accounts for the three years ended December 31, 2022 are included on page 74. (3) Exhibits The exhibits listed below are filed or incorporated by reference as part of this annual report on Form 10-K. INDEX TO EXHIBITS 

Exhibit Number Description of Exhibit 3.1 Memorandum of Association of NCL Corporation Ltd. (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 3.(A) to NCL Corporation Ltd. s F-4 filed on October 3, 2005 (File No. 333-128780)) 3.2 Amended and Restated Bye-Laws of NCL Corporation Ltd., effective as of June 13, 2019 (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 3.2 to NCL Corporation Ltd. s Form 10-Q filed on August 8, 2019 (File No. 333-128780)) 3.3 Certificate of Designations, Preferences and Other Rights of Series A-1 Preference Shares of NCL Corporation Ltd. (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to NCL Corporation Ltd. s Form 10-Q filed on August 10, 2020 (File No. 333-128780)) 3.4 Certificate of Designations, Preferences and Other Rights of Series A-3 Preference Shares of NCL Corporation Ltd. (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 3.3 to NCL Corporation Ltd. s Form 10-Q filed on August 10, 2020 (File No. 333-128780)) 3.5 Certificate of Designations, Preferences and Other Rights of Series A-4 Preference Shares of NCL Corporation Ltd. (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 3.6 to NCL Corporation Ltd. s Form 10-K filed on March 1, 2022 (File No. 333-128780)) 3.6 Certificate of Designations, Preferences and Other Rights of Series A-5 Preference Shares of NCL Corporation Ltd. (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 3.6 to NCL Corporation Ltd. s Form 10-K filed on March 1, 2022 (File No. 333-128780)) 
 61 

Table of Contents 
 4.1 Indenture, dated as of December 16, 2019, between NCL Corporation Ltd. and U.S. Bank National Association, as trustee, with respect to 565.0 million aggregate principal amount of 3.625 senior unsecured notes due 2024 (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to Norwegian Cruise Line Holdings Ltd. s Form 8-K filed on December 16, 2019 (File No. 001-35784)) 4.2 Indenture, dated May 8, 2020, by and among NCL Corporation Ltd., as issuer, Norwegian Cruise Line Holdings Ltd., as guarantor, and U.S. Bank National Association, as trustee, with respect to the 6.00 exchangeable senior notes due 2024 (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to Norwegian Cruise Line Holdings Ltd. s Form 8-K filed on May 11, 2020 (File No. 001-35784)) 4.3 Indenture, dated July 21, 2020, by and among NCL Corporation Ltd., as issuer, Norwegian Cruise Line Holdings Ltd., as guarantor, and U.S. Bank National Association, as trustee, with respect to the 5.375 exchangeable senior notes due 2025 (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to Norwegian Cruise Line Holdings Ltd. s Form 8-K filed on July 21, 2020 (File No. 001-35784)) 4.4 Indenture, dated December 18, 2020, by and among NCL Corporation Ltd., as issuer, the guarantors named therein and U.S. Bank National Association, as trustee, principal paying agent, transfer agent and registrar, with respect to the 5.875 senior notes due 2026 (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to Norwegian Cruise Line Holdings Ltd. s Form 8-K filed on December 18, 2020 (File No. 001-35784)) 4.5 Indenture, dated March 3, 2021, by and among NCL Finance, Ltd., as issuer, NCL Corporation Ltd., as guarantor, the other guarantors named therein and U.S. Bank National Association, as trustee, principal paying agent, transfer agent and registrar, with respect to the 6.125 senior notes due 2028 (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to Norwegian Cruise Line Holdings Ltd. s Form 8-K filed on March 3, 2021 (File No. 001-35784)) 4.6 Indenture, dated November 19, 2021, by and among NCL Corporation Ltd., as issuer, Norwegian Cruise Line Holdings Ltd., as guarantor, and U.S. Bank National Association, as trustee, with respect to 1.125 exchangeable senior notes due 2027 (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to Norwegian Cruise Line Holdings Ltd. s Form 8-K filed on November 19, 2021 (File No. 001-35784)) 4.7 Indenture, dated February 18, 2022, by and among NCL Corporation Ltd., as issuer, the guarantors party thereto and U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association, as trustee, principal paying agent, transfer agent, registrar and security agent, with respect to 5.875 senior secured notes due 2027 (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to Norwegian Cruise Line Holdings Ltd. s Form 8-K filed on February 22, 2022 (File No. 001-35784)) 4.8 Indenture, dated February 18, 2022, by and between NCL Corporation Ltd., as issuer, and U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association, as trustee, principal paying agent, transfer agent and registrar, with respect to 7.750 senior unsecured notes due 2029 (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 4.3 to Norwegian Cruise Line Holdings Ltd. s Form 8-K filed on February 22, 2022 (File No. 001-35784)) 4.9 Indenture, dated February 15, 2022, by and among NCL Corporation Ltd., as issuer, Norwegian Cruise Line Holdings Ltd., as guarantor, and U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association, as trustee, with respect to 2.50 exchangeable senior notes due 2027 (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to Norwegian Cruise Line Holdings Ltd. s Form 8-K filed on February 22, 2022 (File No. 001-35784)) 4.10 Indenture, dated February 2, 2023, by and among NCL Corporation Ltd., as issuer, the guarantors party thereto, U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association, as trustee, principal paying agent, transfer agent and registrar, and JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as security agent, with respect to 8.375 Senior Secured Notes Due 2028 (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to Norwegian Cruise Line Holdings Ltd. s Form 8-K filed on February 2, 2023 (File No. 001-35784)) 4.11 Indenture, dated February 22, 2023, by and among, inter alia, NCL Corporation Ltd., as issuer, the guarantors party thereto and U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association, as trustee, principal paying agent, transfer agent, registrar and security agent, with respect to the First Lien Senior Secured Notes 
 62 

Table of Contents 
 (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to Norwegian Cruise Line Holdings Ltd. s Form 8-K filed on February 27, 2023 (File No. 001-35784)) 9.1 Deed of Trust, dated January 24, 2013, by and between Norwegian Cruise Line Holdings Ltd. and State House Trust Company Limited (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 9.1 to Norwegian Cruise Line Holdings Ltd. s Form 8-K filed on January 30, 2013 (File No. 001-35784)) 10.1 Fourth Amendment Agreement, dated December 23, 2021, to Breakaway One Credit Agreement, dated November 18, 2010, by and among Breakaway One, Ltd., as borrower, NCL Corporation Ltd., as guarantor, NCL International, Ltd., as shareholder, the lenders party thereto, KfW IPEX-Bank GmbH, as facility agent, collateral agent and CIRR agent, Nordea Bank Abp, filial i Norge, as documentation agent, Commerzbank Aktiengesellschaft, as Hermes agent, and the other parties thereto (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Norwegian Cruise Line Holdings Ltd. s Form 10-K filed on March 1, 2022 (File No. 001-35784))# 10.2 Fifth Amendment Agreement, dated December 23, 2021, to Breakaway Two Credit Agreement, dated November 18, 2010, by and among Breakaway Two, Ltd., as borrower, NCL Corporation Ltd., as guarantor, NCL International, Ltd., as shareholder, the lenders party thereto, KfW IPEX-Bank GmbH, as facility agent, collateral agent and CIRR agent, Nordea Bank Abp, filial i Norge, as documentation agent, Commerzbank Aktiengesellschaft, as Hermes agent, and the other parties thereto (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to Norwegian Cruise Line Holdings Ltd. s Form 10-K filed on March 1, 2022 (File No. 001-35784))# 10.3 Third Supplemental Agreement, dated December 23, 2021, to Breakaway Three Credit Agreement, dated October 12, 2012, by and among Breakaway Three, Ltd., as borrower, NCL Corporation Ltd., as guarantor, NCL International, Ltd., as shareholder, the lenders thereto and KfW IPEX-Bank GmbH, as facility agent, Hermes agent, bookrunner, initial mandated lead arranger, collateral agent and CIRR agent (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to Norwegian Cruise Line Holdings Ltd. s Form 10-K filed on March 1, 2022 (File No. 001-35784))# 10.4 Side Letter, dated December 13, 2022, by and among Breakaway Three, Ltd. and Breakaway Four, Ltd., as borrowers, NCL Corporation Ltd., as guarantor, NCL International, Ltd., as shareholder, and KfW IPEX-Bank GmbH as CIRR agent, Hermes agent and facility agent (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to Norwegian Cruise Line Holdings Ltd. s Form 8-K filed on December 19, 2022 (File No. 001-35784)) 10.5 Fourth Supplemental Agreement, dated December 23, 2021, to Breakaway Four Credit Agreement, dated October 12, 2012, by and among Breakaway Four, Ltd., as borrower, NCL Corporation Ltd., as guarantor, NCL International, Ltd., as shareholder, the lenders therein defined and KfW IPEX-Bank GmbH, as facility agent, Hermes agent, bookrunner, initial mandated lead arranger, collateral agent and CIRR agent (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to Norwegian Cruise Line Holdings Ltd. s Form 10-K filed on March 1, 2022 (File No. 001-35784))# 10.6 Amendment Agreement, dated December 6, 2022, by and among NCL Corporation Ltd., as borrower, Voyager Vessel Company, LLC, as co-borrower, the subsidiary guarantors party thereto, the lenders party thereto and JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as administrative agent and collateral agent, which amends the Fifth Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, dated May 8, 2020 (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Norwegian Cruise Line Holdings Ltd. s Form 8-K filed on December 9, 2022 (File No. 001-35784))# 10.7 Fourth Supplemental Agreement, dated December 23, 2021, to Seahawk One Credit Agreement, dated July 14, 2014, by and among Seahawk One, Ltd., as borrower, NCL Corporation Ltd., as guarantor, NCL International, Ltd., as shareholder, the lenders party thereto and KfW IPEX-Bank GmbH, as facility agent, Hermes agent, bookrunner, initial mandated lead arranger, collateral agent and CIRR Agent (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.6 to Norwegian Cruise Line Holdings Ltd. s Form 10-K filed on March 1, 2022 (File No. 001-35784))# 10.8 Side Letter, dated December 13, 2022, by and among Seahawk One, Ltd., Seahawk Two, Ltd., Breakaway One, Ltd. and Breakaway Two, Ltd., as borrowers, NCL Corporation Ltd., as guarantor, NCL International, Ltd., as shareholder, KfW IPEX-Bank GmbH, as CIRR agent and facility agent under the Credit Agreements and as Hermes agent under the Seahawk One Credit Agreement and the Seahawk Two Credit Agreement, 
 63 

Table of Contents 
 and Commerzbank Aktiengesellschaft, as Hermes agent under the Breakaway One Credit Agreement and the Breakaway Two Credit Agreement (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Norwegian Cruise Line Holdings Ltd. s Form 8-K filed on December 19, 2022 (File No. 001-35784)) 10.9 Fifth Supplemental Agreement, dated December 23, 2021, to Seahawk Two Credit Agreement, dated July 14, 2014, by and among Seahawk Two, Ltd., as borrower, NCL Corporation Ltd., as guarantor, NCL International, Ltd., as shareholder, the lenders party thereto and KfW IPEX-Bank GmbH, as facility agent, Hermes agent, bookrunner, initial mandated lead arranger, collateral agent and CIRR Agent (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.7 to Norwegian Cruise Line Holdings Ltd. s Form 10-K filed on March 1, 2022 (File No. 001-35784))# 10.10 Amendment and Restatement Agreement, dated as of February 17, 2021, among Riviera New Build, LLC, as borrower, NCL Corporation Ltd., as guarantor, Oceania Cruises S. de R.L., as charterer and shareholder, Norwegian Cruise Line Holdings Ltd., the lenders party thereto, Cr dit Agricole Corporate and Investment Bank and Soci t G n rale, as mandated lead arrangers, and the other parties thereto, which amends and restates the Loan Agreement, originally dated as of July 18, 2008 (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to Norwegian Cruise Line Holdings Ltd. s Form 8-K filed on February 23, 2021 (File No. 001-35784))# 10.11 Supplemental Agreement, dated as of December 23, 2021, among Riviera New Build, LLC, as borrower, NCL Corporation Ltd., as guarantor, Oceania Cruises S. de R.L., as charterer and shareholder, Norwegian Cruise Line Holdings Ltd., the lenders party thereto, Cr dit Agricole Corporate and Investment Bank and Soci t G n rale, as mandated lead arrangers, and the other parties thereto, which amends the Amendment and Restatement Agreement, dated as of February 17, 2021 (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.9 to Norwegian Cruise Line Holdings Ltd. s Form 10-K filed on March 1, 2022 (File No. 001-35784))# 10.12 Supplemental Agreement, dated December 16, 2022, by and among Riviera New Build, LLC, as borrower, NCL Corporation Ltd., as guarantor, Norwegian Cruise Line Holdings Ltd. and Oceania Cruises S. de R.L., as charterer and shareholder, the lenders party thereto, Cr dit Agricole Corporate and Investment Bank and Soci t G n rale, as mandated lead arrangers, and Cr dit Agricole Corporate and Investment Bank, as agent and SACE agent (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.5 to Norwegian Cruise Line Holdings Ltd. s Form 8-K filed on December 19, 2022 (File No. 001-35784)) 10.13 Amendment and Restatement Agreement, dated as of February 17, 2021, among Marina New Build, LLC, as borrower, NCL Corporation Ltd., as guarantor, Oceania Cruises S. de R.L., as charterer and shareholder, Norwegian Cruise Line Holdings Ltd., the lenders party thereto, Cr dit Agricole Corporate and Investment Bank and Soci t G n rale, as mandated lead arrangers, and the other parties thereto, which amends and restates the Loan Agreement, originally dated as of July 18, 2008 (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to Norwegian Cruise Line Holdings Ltd. s Form 8-K filed on February 23, 2021 (File No. 001-35784))# 10.14 Supplemental Agreement, dated as of December 23, 2021, among Marina New Build, LLC, as borrower, NCL Corporation Ltd., as guarantor, Oceania Cruises S. de R.L., as charterer and shareholder, Norwegian Cruise Line Holdings Ltd., the lenders party thereto, Cr dit Agricole Corporate and Investment Bank and Soci t G n rale, as mandated lead arrangers, and the other parties thereto, which amends the Amendment and Restatement Agreement, dated as of February 17, 2021 (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.11 to Norwegian Cruise Line Holdings Ltd. s Form 10-K filed on March 1, 2022 (File No. 001-35784))# 10.15 Supplemental Agreement, dated December 16, 2022, by and among Marina New Build, LLC, as borrower, NCL Corporation Ltd., as guarantor, Norwegian Cruise Line Holdings Ltd. and Oceania Cruises S. de R.L., as charterer and shareholder, the lenders party thereto, Cr dit Agricole Corporate and Investment Bank and Soci t G n rale, as mandated lead arrangers, and Cr dit Agricole Corporate and Investment Bank, as agent and SACE agent (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.6 to Norwegian Cruise Line Holdings Ltd. s Form 8-K filed on December 19, 2022 (File No. 001-35784)) 10.16 Amendment and Restatement Agreement, dated as of February 17, 2021, among Explorer New Build, LLC, as borrower, NCL Corporation Ltd., as guarantor, Seven Seas Cruises S. de R.L., as charterer and shareholder, Norwegian Cruise Line Holdings Ltd., the lenders party thereto, Cr dit Agricole Corporate and Investment Bank, Soci t G n rale, HSBC Bank PLC, and KfW IPEX-Bank GmbH, as joint mandated lead arrangers, and the other parties thereto, which amends and restates the Loan Agreement, originally dated as of July 31, 2013 (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Norwegian Cruise Line Holdings Ltd. s Form 8-K filed on February 23, 2021 (File No. 001-35784))# 
 64 

Table of Contents 
 10.17 Supplemental Agreement, dated as of December 23, 2021, among Explorer New Build, LLC, as borrower, NCL Corporation Ltd., as guarantor, Seven Seas Cruises S. de R.L., as charterer and shareholder, Norwegian Cruise Line Holdings Ltd., the lenders party thereto, Cr dit Agricole Corporate and Investment Bank, Soci t G n rale, HSBC Bank PLC, and KfW IPEX-Bank GmbH, as joint mandated lead arrangers, and the other parties thereto, which amends the Amendment and Restatement Agreement, dated as of February 17, 2021 (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.13 to Norwegian Cruise Line Holdings Ltd. s Form 10-K filed on March 1, 2022 (File No. 001-35784))# 10.18 Supplemental Agreement, dated December 16, 2022, by and among Explorer New Build, LLC, as borrower, NCL Corporation Ltd., as guarantor, Norwegian Cruise Line Holdings Ltd. and Seven Seas Cruises S. de R.L., as charterer and shareholder, the lenders party thereto, Cr dit Agricole Corporate and Investment Bank, Soci t G n rale and KfW IPEX-Bank GmbH, as joint mandated lead arrangers, Cr dit Agricole Corporate and Investment Bank, as agent and SACE agent, and Cr dit Agricole Corporate and Investment Bank, as security trustee (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to Norwegian Cruise Line Holdings Ltd. s Form 8-K filed on December 19, 2022 (File No. 001-35784)) 10.19 Amendment and Restatement Agreement, dated as of February 17, 2021, among Explorer II New Build, LLC, as borrower, NCL Corporation Ltd., as guarantor, Seven Seas Cruises S. de R.L., as charterer and shareholder, Norwegian Cruise Line Holdings Ltd., the lenders party thereto, Cr dit Agricole Corporate and Investment Bank, Soci t G n rale, HSBC Bank PLC, and KfW Ipex-Bank GmbH, as joint mandated lead arrangers, and the other parties thereto, which amends and restates the Loan Agreement, originally dated as of March 30, 2016 (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to Norwegian Cruise Line Holdings Ltd. s Form 8-K filed on February 23, 2021 (File No. 001-35784))# 10.20 Supplemental Agreement, dated as of December 23, 2021, among Explorer II New Build, LLC, as borrower, NCL Corporation Ltd., as guarantor, Seven Seas Cruises S. de R.L., as charterer and shareholder, Norwegian Cruise Line Holdings Ltd., the lenders party thereto, Cr dit Agricole Corporate and Investment Bank, Soci t G n rale, HSBC Bank PLC, and KfW Ipex-Bank GmbH, as joint mandated lead arrangers, and the other parties thereto, which amends the Amendment and Restatement Agreement, dated as of February 17, 2021 (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.15 to Norwegian Cruise Line Holdings Ltd. s Form 10-K filed on March 1, 2022 (File No. 001-35784))# 10.21 Supplemental Agreement, dated December 16, 2022, by and among Explorer II New Build, LLC, as borrower, NCL Corporation Ltd., as guarantor, Norwegian Cruise Line Holdings Ltd. and Seven Seas Cruises S. de R.L., as charterer and shareholder, the lenders party thereto, Cr dit Agricole Corporate and Investment Bank, Soci t G n rale, HSBC Bank PLC, and KfW IPEX-Bank GmbH, as joint mandated lead arrangers, Cr dit Agricole Corporate and Investment Bank, as agent and SACE agent, and Cr dit Agricole Corporate and Investment Bank, as security trustee (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to Norwegian Cruise Line Holdings Ltd. s Form 8-K filed on December 19, 2022 (File No. 001-35784)) 10.22 Amendment and Restatement Agreement, dated as of June 17, 2021, but effective as of July 5, 2021, among Leonardo One, Ltd., as borrower, NCL Corporation Ltd., as guarantor, NCL International, Ltd., as shareholder, Norwegian Cruise Line Holdings Ltd., the lenders party thereto, Cr dit Agricole Corporate and Investment Bank, BNP Paribas Fortis S.A./N.V., KfW IPEX-Bank GmbH, HSBC Bank PLC and Cassa Depositi e Prestiti S.P.A., as joint mandated lead arrangers, and the other parties thereto, which amends and restates the Loan Agreement, originally dated as of April 12, 2017 (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Norwegian Cruise Line Holdings Ltd. s Form 10-Q filed on August 9, 2021 (File No. 001-35784))# 10.23 Supplemental Agreement, dated as of December 23, 2021, among Leonardo One, Ltd., as borrower, NCL Corporation Ltd., as guarantor, NCL International, Ltd., as shareholder, Norwegian Cruise Line Holdings Ltd., the lenders party thereto, Cr dit Agricole Corporate and Investment Bank, BNP Paribas Fortis S.A./N.V., KfW IPEX-Bank GmbH, HSBC Bank PLC and Cassa Depositi e Prestiti S.P.A., as joint mandated lead arrangers, and the other parties thereto, which amends the Amendment and Restatement Agreement, dated as of June 17, 2021 (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.17 to Norwegian Cruise Line Holdings Ltd. s Form 10-K filed on March 1, 2022 (File No. 001-35784))# 10.24 Supplemental Agreement, dated December 16, 2022, by and among Leonardo One, Ltd., as borrower, NCL Corporation Ltd., as guarantor, NCL International, Ltd., as shareholder, Norwegian Cruise Line Holdings Ltd., the lenders party thereto, Cr dit Agricole Corporate and Investment Bank, BNP Paribas Fortis 
 65 

Table of Contents 
 S.A./N.V., HSBC Bank PLC, KfW IPEX-Bank GmbH and Cassa Depositi e Prestiti S.P.A., as mandated lead arrangers, Cr dit Agricole Corporate and Investment Bank, as agent and SACE agent, and Cr dit Agricole Corporate and Investment Bank, as security trustee (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.7 to Norwegian Cruise Line Holdings Ltd. s Form 8-K filed on December 19, 2022 (File No. 001-35784)) 10.25 Amendment and Restatement Agreement, dated as of June 17, 2021, but effective as of July 5, 2021, among Leonardo Two, Ltd., as borrower, NCL Corporation Ltd., as guarantor, NCL International, Ltd., as shareholder, Norwegian Cruise Line Holdings Ltd., the lenders party thereto, Cr dit Agricole Corporate and Investment Bank, BNP Paribas Fortis S.A./N.V., HSBC Bank PLC and Cassa Depositi e Prestiti S.P.A., as joint mandated lead arrangers, and the other parties thereto, which amends and restates the Loan Agreement, originally dated as of April 12, 2017 (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to Norwegian Cruise Line Holdings Ltd. s Form 10-Q filed on August 9, 2021 (File No. 001-35784))# 10.26 Supplemental Agreement, dated as of December 23, 2021, among Leonardo Two, Ltd., as borrower, NCL Corporation Ltd., as guarantor, NCL International, Ltd., as shareholder, Norwegian Cruise Line Holdings Ltd., the lenders party thereto, Cr dit Agricole Corporate and Investment Bank, BNP Paribas Fortis S.A./N.V., HSBC Bank PLC and Cassa Depositi e Prestiti S.P.A., as joint mandated lead arrangers, and the other parties thereto, which amends the Amendment and Restatement Agreement, dated as of June 17, 2021 (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.19 to Norwegian Cruise Line Holdings Ltd. s Form 10-K filed on March 1, 2022 (File No. 001-35784))# 10.27 Supplemental Agreement, dated December 16, 2022, by and among Leonardo Two, Ltd., as borrower, NCL Corporation Ltd., as guarantor, NCL International, Ltd., as shareholder, Norwegian Cruise Line Holdings Ltd., the lenders party thereto, Cr dit Agricole Corporate and Investment Bank, BNP Paribas Fortis S.A./N.V., HSBC Bank PLC and Cassa Depositi e Prestiti S.P.A., as mandated lead arrangers, Cr dit Agricole Corporate and Investment Bank, as agent and SACE agent, and Cr dit Agricole Corporate and Investment Bank, as security trustee (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.8 to Norwegian Cruise Line Holdings Ltd. s Form 8-K filed on December 19, 2022 (File No. 001-35784)) 10.28 Amendment and Restatement Agreement, dated as of June 17, 2021, but effective as of July 6, 2021, among Leonardo Three, Ltd., as borrower, NCL Corporation Ltd., as guarantor, NCL International, Ltd., as shareholder, Norwegian Cruise Line Holdings Ltd., the lenders party thereto, HSBC Bank PLC, BNP Paribas Fortis S.A./N.V., KfW IPEX-Bank GmbH and Cassa Depositi e Prestiti S.P.A., as joint mandated lead arrangers, and the other parties thereto, which amends and restates the Loan Agreement, originally dated as of April 12, 2017 (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to Norwegian Cruise Line Holdings Ltd. s Form 10-Q filed on August 9, 2021 (File No. 001-35784))# 10.29 Supplemental Agreement, dated as of December 23, 2021, among Leonardo Three, Ltd., as borrower, NCL Corporation Ltd., as guarantor, NCL International, Ltd., as shareholder, Norwegian Cruise Line Holdings Ltd., the lenders party thereto, HSBC Bank PLC, BNP Paribas Fortis S.A./N.V., KfW IPEX-Bank GmbH and Cassa Depositi e Prestiti S.P.A., as joint mandated lead arrangers, and the other parties thereto, which amends the Amendment and Restatement Agreement, dated as of June 17, 2021 (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.21 to Norwegian Cruise Line Holdings Ltd. s Form 10-K filed on March 1, 2022 (File No. 001-35784))# 10.30 Supplemental Agreement, dated December 16, 2022, by and among Leonardo Three, Ltd., as borrower, NCL Corporation Ltd., as guarantor, NCL International, Ltd., as shareholder, Norwegian Cruise Line Holdings Ltd., the lenders party thereto, HSBC Bank PLC, BNP Paribas Fortis S.A./N.V., KfW IPEX-Bank GmbH and Cassa Depositi e Prestiti S.P.A., as joint mandated lead arrangers, BNP Paribas S.A., as agent and SACE agent, and BNP Paribas S.A., as security trustee (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.9 to Norwegian Cruise Line Holdings Ltd. s Form 8-K filed on December 19, 2022 (File No. 001-35784)) 10.31 Amendment and Restatement Agreement, dated as of June 17, 2021, but effective as of July 6, 2021, among Leonardo Four, Ltd., as borrower, NCL Corporation Ltd., as guarantor, NCL International, Ltd., as shareholder, Norwegian Cruise Line Holdings Ltd., the lenders party thereto, KfW IPEX-Bank GmbH, BNP Paribas Fortis S.A./N.V., HSBC Bank PLC and Cassa Depositi e Prestiti S.P.A., as joint mandated lead arrangers, and the other parties thereto, which amends and restates the Loan Agreement, originally dated as of April 12, 2017 (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to Norwegian Cruise Line Holdings Ltd. s Form 10-Q filed on August 9, 2021 (File No. 001-35784))# 
 66 

Table of Contents 
 10.32 Supplemental Agreement, dated as of December 23, 2021, among Leonardo Four, Ltd., as borrower, NCL Corporation Ltd., as guarantor, NCL International, Ltd., as shareholder, Norwegian Cruise Line Holdings Ltd., the lenders party thereto, KfW IPEX-Bank GmbH, BNP Paribas Fortis S.A./N.V., HSBC Bank PLC and Cassa Depositi e Prestiti S.P.A., as joint mandated lead arrangers, and the other parties thereto, which amends the Amendment and Restatement Agreement, dated as of June 17, 2021 (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.23 to Norwegian Cruise Line Holdings Ltd. s Form 10-K filed on March 1, 2022 (File No. 001-35784))# 10.33 Supplemental Agreement, dated December 16, 2022, by and among Leonardo Four, Ltd., as borrower, NCL Corporation Ltd., as guarantor, NCL International, Ltd., as shareholder, Norwegian Cruise Line Holdings Ltd., the lenders party thereto, HSBC Bank PLC, BNP Paribas Fortis S.A./N.V., KfW IPEX-Bank GmbH and Cassa Depositi e Prestiti S.P.A., as joint mandated lead arrangers, BNP Paribas S.A., as agent and SACE agent, and BNP Paribas S.A., as security trustee (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.10 to Norwegian Cruise Line Holdings Ltd. s Form 8-K filed on December 19, 2022 (File No. 001-35784)) 10.34 Amendment and Restatement Agreement, dated as of June 17, 2021, but effective as of July 5, 2021, among Leonardo Five, Ltd., as borrower, NCL Corporation Ltd., as guarantor, NCL International, Ltd., as shareholder, Norwegian Cruise Line Holdings Ltd., the lenders party thereto, Cr dit Agricole Corporate and Investment Bank, BNP Paribas Fortis S.A./N.V., HSBC Bank PLC, KfW IPEX-Bank GmbH, Cassa Depositi e Prestiti S.P.A., Banco Santander, S.A. and Soci t G n rale, as joint mandated lead arrangers, and the other parties thereto, which amends and restates the Loan Agreement, originally dated as of December 19, 2018 (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.5 to Norwegian Cruise Line Holdings Ltd. s Form 10-Q filed on August 9, 2021 (File No. 001-35784))# 10.35 Supplemental Agreement, dated as of December 23, 2021, among Leonardo Five, Ltd., as borrower, NCL Corporation Ltd., as guarantor, NCL International, Ltd., as shareholder, Norwegian Cruise Line Holdings Ltd., the lenders party thereto, Cr dit Agricole Corporate and Investment Bank, BNP Paribas Fortis S.A./N.V., HSBC Bank PLC, KfW IPEX-Bank GmbH, Cassa Depositi e Prestiti S.P.A., Banco Santander, S.A. and Soci t G n rale, as joint mandated lead arrangers, and the other parties thereto, which amends the Amendment and Restatement Agreement, dated as of June 17, 2021 (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.25 to Norwegian Cruise Line Holdings Ltd. s Form 10-K filed on March 1, 2022 (File No. 001-35784))# 10.36 Supplemental Agreement, dated December 16, 2022, by and among Leonardo Five, Ltd., as borrower, NCL Corporation Ltd., as guarantor, NCL International, Ltd., as shareholder, Norwegian Cruise Line Holdings Ltd., the lenders party thereto, Cr dit Agricole Corporate and Investment Bank, BNP Paribas Fortis S.A./N.V., HSBC Bank PLC, KfW IPEX-Bank GmbH, Cassa Depositi e Prestiti S.P.A., Banco Santander, S.A. and Soci t G n rale, as joint mandated lead arrangers, BNP Paribas S.A., as facility agent, Cr dit Agricole Corporate and Investment Bank, as SACE agent, and HSBC Corporate Trustee Company (UK) Limited, as security trustee (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.11 to Norwegian Cruise Line Holdings Ltd. s Form 8-K filed on December 19, 2022 (File No. 001-35784)) 10.37 Amendment and Restatement Agreement, dated as of June 17, 2021, but effective as of July 5, 2021, among Leonardo Six, Ltd., as borrower, NCL Corporation Ltd., as guarantor, NCL International, Ltd., as shareholder, Norwegian Cruise Line Holdings Ltd., the lenders party thereto, Cr dit Agricole Corporate and Investment Bank, BNP Paribas Fortis S.A./N.V., HSBC Bank PLC, KfW IPEX-Bank GmbH, Cassa Depositi e Prestiti S.P.A., Banco Santander, S.A. and Soci t G n rale, as joint mandated lead arrangers, and the other parties thereto, which amends and restates the Loan Agreement, originally dated as of December 19, 2018 (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.6 to Norwegian Cruise Line Holdings Ltd. s Form 10-Q filed on August 9, 2021 (File No. 001-35784))# 10.38 Supplemental Agreement, dated as of December 23, 2021, among Leonardo Six, Ltd., as borrower, NCL Corporation Ltd., as guarantor, NCL International, Ltd., as shareholder, Norwegian Cruise Line Holdings Ltd., the lenders party thereto, Cr dit Agricole Corporate and Investment Bank, BNP Paribas Fortis S.A./N.V., HSBC Bank PLC, KfW IPEX-Bank GmbH, Cassa Depositi e Prestiti S.P.A., Banco Santander, S.A. and Soci t G n rale, as joint mandated lead arrangers, and the other parties thereto, which amends the Amendment and Restatement Agreement, dated as of June 17, 2021 (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.27 to Norwegian Cruise Line Holdings Ltd. s Form 10-K filed on March 1, 2022 (File No. 001-35784))# 
 67 

Table of Contents 
 10.39 Supplemental Agreement, dated December 16, 2022, by and among Leonardo Six, Ltd., as borrower, NCL Corporation Ltd., as guarantor, NCL International, Ltd., as shareholder, Norwegian Cruise Line Holdings Ltd., the lenders party thereto, Cr dit Agricole Corporate and Investment Bank, BNP Paribas Fortis S.A./N.V., HSBC Bank PLC, KfW IPEX-Bank GmbH, Cassa Depositi e Prestiti S.P.A., Banco Santander, S.A. and Soci t G n rale, as joint mandated lead arrangers, BNP Paribas S.A., as facility agent, Cr dit Agricole Corporate and Investment Bank, as SACE agent, and HSBC Corporate Trustee Company (UK) Limited, as security trustee (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.12 to Norwegian Cruise Line Holdings Ltd. s Form 8-K filed on December 19, 2022 (File No. 001-35784)) 10.40 Amendment and Restatement Agreement, dated as of June 17, 2021, but effective as of July 5, 2021, among Explorer III New Build, LLC, as borrower, NCL Corporation Ltd., as guarantor, Seven Seas Cruises S. de R.L., as shareholder, Norwegian Cruise Line Holdings Ltd., the lenders party thereto, Cr dit Agricole Corporate and Investment Bank, BNP Paribas Fortis S.A./N.V., HSBC Bank PLC, KfW IPEX-Bank GmbH, Cassa Depositi e Prestiti S.P.A., Banco Santander, S.A. and Soci t G n rale., as joint mandated lead arrangers, and the other parties thereto, which amends and restates the Loan Agreement, originally dated as of December 19, 2018 (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.7 to Norwegian Cruise Line Holdings Ltd. s Form 10-Q filed on August 9, 2021 (File No. 001-35784))# 10.41 Supplemental Agreement, dated as of December 23, 2021, among Explorer III New Build, LLC, as borrower, NCL Corporation Ltd., as guarantor, Seven Seas Cruises S. de R.L., as shareholder, Norwegian Cruise Line Holdings Ltd., the lenders party thereto, Cr dit Agricole Corporate and Investment Bank, BNP Paribas Fortis S.A./N.V., HSBC Bank PLC, KfW IPEX-Bank GmbH, Cassa Depositi e Prestiti S.P.A., Banco Santander, S.A. and Soci t G n rale., as joint mandated lead arrangers, and the other parties thereto, which amends the Amendment and Restatement Agreement, dated as of June 17, 2021 (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.29 to Norwegian Cruise Line Holdings Ltd. s Form 10-K filed on March 1, 2022 (File No. 001-35784))# 10.42 Supplemental Agreement, dated December 16, 2022, by and among Explorer III New Build, LLC, as borrower, NCL Corporation Ltd., as guarantor, Seven Seas Cruises S. de R.L., as shareholder, Norwegian Cruise Line Holdings Ltd., the lenders party thereto, Cr dit Agricole Corporate and Investment Bank, BNP Paribas Fortis S.A./N.V., HSBC Bank PLC, KfW IPEX-Bank GmbH, Cassa Depositi e Prestiti S.P.A., Banco Santander, S.A. and Soci t G n rale, as joint mandated lead arrangers, BNP Paribas S.A., as facility agent, Cr dit Agricole Corporate and Investment Bank, as SACE agent, and HSBC Corporate Trustee Company (UK) Limited, as security trustee (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.13 to Norwegian Cruise Line Holdings Ltd. s Form 8-K filed on December 19, 2022 (File No. 001-35784)) 10.43 Amendment and Restatement Agreement, dated as of June 17, 2021, but effective as of July 5, 2021, among O Class Plus One, LLC, as borrower, NCL Corporation Ltd., as guarantor, Oceania Cruises S. de R.L., as shareholder, Norwegian Cruise Line Holdings Ltd., the lenders party thereto, Cr dit Agricole Corporate and Investment Bank, BNP Paribas Fortis S.A./N.V., HSBC Bank PLC, KfW IPEX-Bank GmbH, Cassa Depositi e Prestiti S.P.A., Banco Santander, S.A. and Soci t G n rale., as joint mandated lead arrangers, and the other parties thereto, which amends and restates the Loan Agreement, originally dated as of December 19, 2018 (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.8 to Norwegian Cruise Line Holdings Ltd. s Form 10-Q filed on August 9, 2021 (File No. 001-35784))# 10.44 Supplemental Agreement, dated as of December 23, 2021, among O Class Plus One, LLC, as borrower, NCL Corporation Ltd., as guarantor, Oceania Cruises S. de R.L., as shareholder, Norwegian Cruise Line Holdings Ltd., the lenders party thereto, Cr dit Agricole Corporate and Investment Bank, BNP Paribas Fortis S.A./N.V., HSBC Bank PLC, KfW IPEX-Bank GmbH, Cassa Depositi e Prestiti S.P.A., Banco Santander, S.A. and Soci t G n rale., as joint mandated lead arrangers, and the other parties thereto, which amends the Amendment and Restatement Agreement, dated as of June 17, 2021 (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.31 to Norwegian Cruise Line Holdings Ltd. s Form 10-K filed on March 1, 2022 (File No. 001-35784))# 10.45 Supplemental Agreement, dated December 16, 2022, by and among O Class Plus One, LLC, as borrower, NCL Corporation Ltd., as guarantor, Oceania Cruises S. de R.L., as shareholder, Norwegian Cruise Line Holdings Ltd., the lenders party thereto, Cr dit Agricole Corporate and Investment Bank, BNP Paribas Fortis S.A./N.V., HSBC Bank PLC, KfW IPEX-Bank GmbH, Cassa Depositi e Prestiti S.P.A., Banco Santander, S.A. and Soci t G n rale, as joint mandated lead arrangers, BNP Paribas S.A., as facility agent, Cr dit 
 68 

Table of Contents 
 Agricole Corporate and Investment Bank, as SACE agent, and HSBC Corporate Trustee Company (UK) Limited, as security trustee (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.14 to Norwegian Cruise Line Holdings Ltd. s Form 8-K filed on December 19, 2022 (File No. 001-35784)) 10.46 Amendment and Restatement Agreement, dated as of June 17, 2021, but effective as of July 5, 2021, among O Class Plus Two, LLC, as borrower, NCL Corporation Ltd., as guarantor, Oceania Cruises S. de R.L., as shareholder, Norwegian Cruise Line Holdings Ltd., the lenders party thereto, Cr dit Agricole Corporate and Investment Bank, BNP Paribas Fortis S.A./N.V., HSBC Bank PLC, KfW IPEX-Bank GmbH, Cassa Depositi e Prestiti S.P.A., Banco Santander, S.A. and Soci t G n rale., as joint mandated lead arrangers, and the other parties thereto, which amends and restates the Loan Agreement, originally dated as of December 19, 2018 (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.9 to Norwegian Cruise Line Holdings Ltd. s Form 10-Q filed on August 9, 2021 (File No. 001-35784))# 10.47 Supplemental Agreement, dated as of December 23, 2021, among O Class Plus Two, LLC, as borrower, NCL Corporation Ltd., as guarantor, Oceania Cruises S. de R.L., as shareholder, Norwegian Cruise Line Holdings Ltd., the lenders party thereto, Cr dit Agricole Corporate and Investment Bank, BNP Paribas Fortis S.A./N.V., HSBC Bank PLC, KfW IPEX-Bank GmbH, Cassa Depositi e Prestiti S.P.A., Banco Santander, S.A. and Soci t G n rale., as joint mandated lead arrangers, and the other parties thereto, which amends the Amendment and Restatement Agreement, dated as of June 17, 2021 (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.33 to Norwegian Cruise Line Holdings Ltd. s Form 10-K filed on March 1, 2022 (File No. 001-35784))# 10.48 Supplemental Agreement, dated December 16, 2022, by and among O Class Plus Two, LLC, as borrower, NCL Corporation Ltd., as guarantor, Oceania Cruises S. de R.L., as shareholder, Norwegian Cruise Line Holdings Ltd., the lenders party thereto, Cr dit Agricole Corporate and Investment Bank, BNP Paribas Fortis S.A./N.V., HSBC Bank PLC, KfW IPEX-Bank GmbH, Cassa Depositi e Prestiti S.P.A., Banco Santander, S.A. and Soci t G n rale, as joint mandated lead arrangers, BNP Paribas S.A., as facility agent, Cr dit Agricole Corporate and Investment Bank, as SACE agent, and HSBC Corporate Trustee Company (UK) Limited, as security trustee (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.15 to Norwegian Cruise Line Holdings Ltd. s Form 8-K filed on December 19, 2022 (File No. 001-35784)) 10.49 Second Amended and Restated Commitment Letter, dated February 22, 2023, among NCL Corporation Ltd. and the purchasers named therein (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Norwegian Cruise Line Holdings Ltd. s Form 8-K filed on February 27, 2023 (File No. 001-35784)) 10.50 Backstop Agreement, dated February 23, 2023, between NCL Corporation Ltd. and Morgan Stanley Co. LLC (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to Norwegian Cruise Line Holdings Ltd. s Form 8-K filed on February 27, 2023 (File No. 001-35784)) 10.51 Amended and Restated Regent Trademark License Agreement, dated February 21, 2011, by and between Regent Hospitality Worldwide, LLC and Seven Seas Cruises, S. DE R.L. (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.17 to Prestige Cruises International, Inc. s Amendment No. 1 to Form S-1 filed on March 24, 2014 (File No. 333-193479)) 10.52 Employment Agreement by and between NCL (Bahamas) Ltd. and T. Robin Lindsay, entered into on October 18, 2015 (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to Norwegian Cruise Line Holdings Ltd. s Form 10-Q filed on May 10, 2017 (File No. 001-35784)) 10.53 Amendment to Employment Agreement by and between NCL (Bahamas) Ltd. and T. Robin Lindsay, dated as of February 14, 2022 (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Norwegian Cruise Line Holdings Ltd. s Form 8-K filed on February 18, 2022 (File No. 001-35784)) 10.54 Employment Agreement by and between Prestige Cruise Services, LLC and Jason Montague, entered into on September 16, 2016 (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to Norwegian Cruise Line Holdings Ltd. s Form 8-K filed on September 19, 2016 (File No. 001-35784)) 10.55 Amendment to Employment Agreement by and between Prestige Cruise Services, LLC and Jason Montague, dated as of February 14, 2022 (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to Norwegian Cruise Line Holdings Ltd. s Form 8-K filed on February 18, 2022 (File No. 001-35784)) 
 69 

Table of Contents 
 10.56 Transition and Release Agreement by and between Prestige Cruise Services LLC and Jason Montague, entered into on December 13, 2022 (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to Norwegian Cruise Line Holdings Ltd. s Form 8-K filed on December 15, 2022 (File No. 001-35784)) 10.57 Employment Agreement by and between NCL (Bahamas) Ltd. and Frank J. Del Rio, entered into on October 1, 2020 (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Norwegian Cruise Line Holdings Ltd. s Form 8-K filed on October 5, 2020 (File No. 001-35784)) 10.58 Employment Agreement by and between NCL (Bahamas) Ltd. and Mark Kempa, entered into on September 10, 2018 (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Norwegian Cruise Line Holdings Ltd. s Form 8-K filed on September 11, 2018 (File No. 001-35784)) 10.59 Employment Agreement by and between Prestige Cruise Services, LLC and Howard Sherman, entered into on November 8, 2021 and effective as of January 1, 2022 (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Norwegian Cruise Line Holdings Ltd. s Form 8-K filed on November 8, 2021 (File No. 001-35784)) 10.60 Transition and Release Agreement by and between Prestige Cruise Services LLC and Howard Sherman, entered into on December 13, 2022 (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to Norwegian Cruise Line Holdings Ltd. s Form 8-K filed on December 15, 2022 (File No. 001-35784)) 10.61 Employment Agreement by and between Prestige Cruise Services LLC and Andrea DeMarco, entered into on December 14, 2022 and effective as of January 1, 2023 (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Norwegian Cruise Line Holdings Ltd. s Form 8-K filed on December 15, 2022 (File No. 001-35784)) 10.62 Employment Agreement by and between Prestige Cruise Services LLC and Frank A. Del Rio, entered into on December 14, 2022 and effective as of January 1, 2023 (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to Norwegian Cruise Line Holdings Ltd. s Form 8-K filed on December 15, 2022 (File No. 001-35784)) 10.63 Employment Agreement by and between NCL Corporation Ltd. and Harry Sommer, entered into on January 10, 2019 (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to Norwegian Cruise Line Holdings Ltd. s Form 10-Q filed on May 10, 2021 (File No. 001-35784)) 10.64 Form of Indemnification Agreement by and between Norwegian Cruise Line Holdings Ltd. and each of its directors, executive officers and certain other officers (effective July 14, 2020) (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to Norwegian Cruise Line Holdings Ltd. s Form 10-Q filed on August 10, 2020 (File No. 001-35784)) 10.65 Norwegian Cruise Line Holdings Ltd. Amended and Restated 2013 Performance Incentive Plan (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Norwegian Cruise Line Holdings Ltd. s Form 8-K filed on June 17, 2022 (File No. 001-35784)) 10.66 Form of Notice of Grant of Option and Terms and Conditions of Option (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Norwegian Cruise Line Holdings Ltd. s Form 10-Q filed on May 8, 2013 (File No. 001-35784)) 10.67 Norwegian Cruise Line Holdings Ltd. Employee Stock Purchase Plan (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to Norwegian Cruise Line Holdings Ltd. s Form 10-Q filed on July 31, 2014 (File No. 001-35784)) 10.68 Directors Compensation Policy (effective January 1, 2022) (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.48 to Norwegian Cruise Line Holdings Ltd. s Form 10-K filed on March 1, 2022 (File No. 001-35784)) 10.69 Form of Director Restricted Share Unit Award Agreement (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.62 to Norwegian Cruise Line Holdings Ltd. s Form 10-K filed on February 29, 2016 (File No. 001-35784)) 10.70 Form of Norwegian Cruise Line Holdings Ltd. Time and Performance-based Restricted Share Unit Award Agreement (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to Norwegian Cruise Line Holdings Ltd. s Form 10-Q filed on November 4, 2015 (File No. 001-35784)) 
 70 

Table of Contents 
 10.71 Form of Notice of Grant of Norwegian Cruise Line Holdings Ltd. Time and Performance-based Option and Terms and Conditions (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to Norwegian Cruise Line Holdings Ltd. s Form 10-Q filed on November 4, 2015 (File No. 001-35784)) 10.72 Form of Norwegian Cruise Line Holdings Ltd. Time-based Restricted Share Unit Award Agreement (2017) (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.52 to Norwegian Cruise Line Holdings Ltd. s Form 10-K filed on February 27, 2017 (File No. 001-35784)) 10.73 Form of Norwegian Cruise Line Holdings Ltd. Performance-based Restricted Share Unit Award Agreement (2017) (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.53 to Norwegian Cruise Line Holdings Ltd. s Form 10-K filed on February 27, 2017 (File No. 001-35784)) 10.74 Form of Norwegian Cruise Line Holdings Ltd. Performance-based Restricted Share Unit Award Agreement (August 2017) (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to Norwegian Cruise Line Holdings Ltd. s Form 10-Q filed on November 9, 2017 (File No. 001-35784)) 10.75 Form of Norwegian Cruise Line Holdings Ltd. Time-based Restricted Share Unit Award Agreement (2020) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.77 to Norwegian Cruise Line Holdings Ltd. s annual report on Form 10-K filed on February 27, 2020 (File No. 001-35784)) 10.76 Form of Norwegian Cruise Line Holdings Ltd. Performance-based Restricted Share Unit Award Agreement (2020) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.78 to Norwegian Cruise Line Holdings Ltd. s annual report on Form 10-K filed on February 27, 2020 (File No. 001-35784)) 10.77 Form of Norwegian Cruise Line Holdings Ltd. Time-based Restricted Share Unit Award Agreement (President and Chief Executive Officer 2022) (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.57 to Norwegian Cruise Line Holdings Ltd. s Form 10-K filed on March 1, 2022 (File No. 001-35784)) 10.78 Form of Norwegian Cruise Line Holdings Ltd. Performance-based Restricted Share Unit Award Agreement (President and Chief Executive Officer 2022) (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.58 to Norwegian Cruise Line Holdings Ltd. s Form 10-K filed on March 1, 2022 (File No. 001-35784)) 10.79 Form of Norwegian Cruise Line Holdings Ltd. Performance-based Restricted Share Unit Award Agreement (2022) (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.59 to Norwegian Cruise Line Holdings Ltd. s Form 10-K filed on March 1, 2022 (File No. 001-35784)) 10.80 Form of Restricted Cash Retention Agreement (2022) (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.60 to Norwegian Cruise Line Holdings Ltd. s Form 10-K filed on March 1, 2022 (File No. 001-35784)) 21.1 List of Subsidiaries of NCL Corporation Ltd. 24.1 Power of Attorney (included on Signatures page of this Annual Report on Form 10-K) 31.1 Certification of the Annual Report Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 by the President and Chief Executive Officer 31.2 Certification of the Annual Report Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 by the Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 32.1 Certification of the Annual Report Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 by the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer 

101 The following materials from NCL Corporation Ltd. s Annual Report on Form 10 K formatted in Inline XBRL: (i) the Consolidated Statements of Operations of NCLC for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020; (ii) the Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Loss of NCLC for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020; (iii) the Consolidated Balance Sheets of NCLC as of December 31, 2022 and 2021; 
 71 

Table of Contents 
 (iv) the Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows of NCLC for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020; (v) the Consolidated Statements of Changes in Shareholders Equity of NCLC for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020; (vi) the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements; and (vii) Schedule II Valuation and Qualifying Accounts. 104 The cover page from NCL Corporation Ltd. s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022, formatted in Inline XBRL and included in the interactive data files submitted as Exhibit 101. 

 # Certain portions of this document that constitute confidential information have been redacted in accordance with Regulation S-K Item 601(b)(10). Agreement restates previous versions of agreement. Management contract or compensatory plan. Filed herewith. Furnished herewith. Item 16. Form 10-K Summary None. 
 72 

Table of Contents 
 SIGNATURES Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, the registrant has duly caused this annual report on Form 10-K to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized, in Miami, Florida, on February 28, 2023. NCL CORPORATION LTD. By: /s/ Frank J. Del Rio Name: Frank J. Del Rio Title: President and Chief Executive Officer POWER OF ATTORNEY Each person whose signature appears below constitutes and appoints Frank J. Del Rio, Mark A. Kempa, Daniel S. Farkas and Faye L. Ashby, and each of them, his or her true and lawful attorneys-in-fact and agents, each with full power of substitution and resubstitution, for him or her and in his or her name, place and stead, in any and all capacities, to sign any and all amendments to this annual report on Form 10-K, and to file the same, with exhibits thereto and other documents in connection therewith, with the SEC, granting unto said attorneys-in-fact and agents, and each of them, full power and authority to do and perform each and every act and thing requisite and necessary to be done, as fully to all intents and purposes as he or she might or could do in person, hereby ratifying and confirming all that each of said attorneys-in-fact and agents or their substitute or substitutes may lawfully so or cause to be done by virtue hereof. Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, this annual report on Form 10-K has been signed below by the following persons in the capacities and on the date indicated. Signature Title Date /s/ Frank J. Del Rio Director, President and Chief Executive Officer February 28, 2023 Frank J. Del Rio (Principal Executive Officer) /s/ Mark A. Kempa Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer February 28, 2023 Mark A. Kempa (Principal Financial Officer) /s/ Faye L. Ashby Senior Vice President and Chief Accounting Officer February 28, 2023 Faye L. Ashby (Principal Accounting Officer) /s/ Adam M. Aron Director February 28, 2023 Adam M. Aron /s/ Harry C. Curtis Director February 28, 2023 Harry C. Curtis /s/ David M. Abrams Director February 28, 2023 David M. Abrams /s/ Stella David Director February 28, 2023 Stella David /s/ Russell W. Galbut Director February 28, 2023 Russell W. Galbut /s/ Mary E. Landry Director February 28, 2023 Mary E. Landry /s/ Zillah Byng-Thorne Director February 28, 2023 Zillah Byng-Thorne 
 73 

Table of Contents 
 ) 

Charged to Charged to Balance costs and other Balance Description 12/31/20 expenses accounts (a) Deductions (b) 12/31/21 Valuation allowance on deferred tax assets ) 

Charged to Charged to Balance costs and other Balance Description 12/31/21 expenses accounts (a) Deductions (b) 12/31/22 Valuation allowance on deferred tax assets ) 

 (a) Amount relates to a valuation allowance on net U.S. deferred tax assets. (b) Amount relates to (i) utilization of deferred tax assets, (ii) revaluation of deferred tax assets from their functional currency to U.S. dollars and (iii) reversal of valuation allowances. 
 74 

Table of Contents 
 Index to Consolidated Financial Statements Page Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID F-1 Consolidated Statements of Operations for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 F-5 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Loss for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 F-6 Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 F-7 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 F-8 Consolidated Statements of Changes in Shareholders Equity for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 F-9 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements F-10 
 75 

Table of Contents 
 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm To the Board of Directors and Shareholders of NCL Corporation Ltd. Opinions on the Financial Statements and Internal Control over Financial Reporting We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of NCL Corporation Ltd. and its subsidiaries (the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the related consolidated statements of operations, of comprehensive loss, of changes in shareholders equity and of cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022, including the related notes and financial statement schedule listed in the index appearing under Item 15(2) (collectively referred to as the consolidated financial statements ). We also have audited the Company s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control - Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO). In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements referred to above present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022 in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. Also in our opinion, the Company maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control - Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the COSO. Basis for Opinions The Company s management is responsible for these consolidated financial statements, for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting, and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting, included in Management s Annual Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting appearing under Item 9A. Our responsibility is to express opinions on the Company s consolidated financial statements and on the Company s internal control over financial reporting based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB) and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB and in accordance with auditing standards generally accepted in the United States of America. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audits to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud, and whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. Our audits of the consolidated financial statements included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the consolidated financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the consolidated financial statements. Our audit of internal control over financial reporting included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, and testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk. Our audits also included performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinions. Emphasis of Matter As discussed in Note 2 to the consolidated financial statements, the ongoing effects of COVID-19 and other global events on the Company s operations and global bookings have had, and will continue to have, a significant impact on the Company s financial results and liquidity. Management s evaluation of the events and conditions and management s plans to mitigate these matters are also described in Note 2. 
 F-1 

Table of Contents 
 Definition and Limitations of Internal Control over Financial Reporting A company s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (i) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (ii) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (iii) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. Critical Audit Matters The critical audit matters communicated below are matters arising from the current period audit of the consolidated financial statements that were communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that (i) relate to accounts or disclosures that are material to the consolidated financial statements and (ii) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of critical audit matters does not alter in any way our opinion on the consolidated financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matters below, providing separate opinions on the critical audit matters or on the accounts or disclosures to which they relate. Liquidity As described in Note 2 to the consolidated financial statements, significant events affecting travel typically have an impact on demand for cruise vacations, with the full extent of the impact determined by the length of time the event influences travel decisions. Management believes the ongoing effects of the COVID-19 pandemic and other global events on the Company s operations and global bookings have had, and will continue to have, a significant impact on the Company s financial results and liquidity. Management has taken actions to improve the Company s liquidity, including completing various capital market transactions and making capital expenditure and operating expense reductions, and management expects to continue to pursue other opportunities to improve the Company s liquidity. The estimation of management s future cash flow projections includes numerous assumptions that are subject to various risks and uncertainties. Management s principal assumptions for future cash flow projections include: (i) the expected gradual return to historical occupancy levels; (ii) the expected increase in revenue per passenger cruise day through a combination of both passenger ticket and onboard revenue; (iii) the forecasted cash collections in accordance with the terms of the Company s credit card processing agreements; and (iv) the expected sustained higher fuel prices and the impact of inflation. Based on these actions and assumptions, and considering the Company s cash and cash equivalents of 0.9 billion and the impact of the Company s 1 billion undrawn commitment and related fees as of December 31, 2022 and the impact of the Company s various capital market and financing transactions, management has concluded that the Company has sufficient liquidity to satisfy its obligations for at least the next twelve months from the issuance of the financial statements. The principal considerations for our determination that performing procedures relating to the Company s liquidity is a critical audit matter are the significant judgment by management when developing the estimate of future liquidity requirements; this in turn led to a high degree of auditor judgment, subjectivity, and effort in performing procedures and evaluating management s estimate of future liquidity requirements and assumptions related to (i) the expected gradual return to historical occupancy levels; (ii) the expected increase in revenue per passenger cruise day through a combination of both passenger ticket and onboard revenue; (iii) the forecasted cash collections in accordance with the terms of the Company s credit card processing agreements; and (iv) the expected sustained higher fuel prices and the impact of inflation. 
 F-2 

Table of Contents 
 Addressing the matter involved performing procedures and evaluating audit evidence in connection with forming our overall opinion on the consolidated financial statements. These procedures included testing the effectiveness of controls relating to management s estimate of future liquidity requirements. These procedures also included, among others, testing management s process for estimating future liquidity requirements for the twelve months after the date the financial statements are issued. Testing management s process involved (i) testing the completeness and accuracy of underlying data used in the estimate; (ii) evaluating the reasonableness of the significant assumptions used by management related to the expected gradual return to historical occupancy levels, the expected increase in revenue per passenger cruise day through a combination of both passenger ticket and onboard revenue, the forecasted cash collections in accordance with the terms of the Company s credit card processing agreements, and the expected sustained higher fuel prices and the impact of inflation; and (iii) evaluating management s estimate of future liquidity requirements and their disclosure in the consolidated financial statements regarding having sufficient liquidity to satisfy the Company s obligations for the twelve months after the financial statements are issued. Evaluating management s assumptions related to the gradual return to historical occupancy levels, the expected increase in revenue per passenger cruise day through a combination of both passenger ticket and onboard revenue, the forecasted cash collections in accordance with the terms of the Company s credit card processing agreements, and the expected sustained higher fuel prices and the impact of inflation involved evaluating whether the assumptions used by management were reasonable considering (i) the current and past performance of the Company; (ii) the consistency with external market and industry data; and (iii) whether these assumptions were consistent with evidence obtained in other areas of the audit. Ship Accounting New Ships and Ship Improvements As described in Notes 2 and 7 to the consolidated financial statements, the Company s consolidated ships and ship improvements balances were 15.8 billion and 2.7 billion as of December 31, 2022, respectively. Management determines the weighted average useful lives of ships based on estimates of the costs and useful lives of the ships major component systems on the date of acquisition, such as cabins, main diesels, main electric, superstructure and hull, and their related proportional weighting to the ship as a whole. In the third quarter of 2022, the Company took delivery of Norwegian s first Prima Class Ship. Based on the design, structure and technological advancements made to this new class of ship and the analysis of its major components, which is generally performed upon the introduction of a new class of ship, management assigned the Prima Class Ships a weighted-average useful life of 35 years. A residual value of 10 was established based on management s long-term estimates of the expected remaining future benefit at the end of the ships weighted average useful lives. Additionally, the Company capitalized approximately 300.7 million of costs associated with ship improvements during the year ended December 31, 2022. Ship improvement costs that management believes add value to the ships, are capitalized to the ship. The useful lives of components of new ships and ship improvements are estimated based on the economic lives of the new components. To determine the useful lives of the major components of new ships and ship improvements, management considers the historical useful lives of similar assets, manufacturer recommended lives, planned maintenance programs, and anticipated changes in technological conditions. The principal considerations for our determination that performing procedures relating to ship accounting for new ships and ship improvements is a critical audit matter are the significant judgments by management when determining (i) the useful lives of the major components of new ships and ship improvements; (ii) whether ship improvement costs add value to the Company s ships and are capitalizable; and (iii) the residual value of the new class of ship based on management s expectation of remaining future benefit. This in turn led to a high degree of auditor judgment, subjectivity, and effort in performing procedures and evaluating audit evidence relating to (i) the appropriateness of the useful lives of the major components of new ships and ship improvements; (ii) whether ship improvement costs add value to the Company s ships and are capitalized appropriately; and (iii) whether the residual value assigned to the new class of ship is appropriate. In addition, the audit effort involved the use of professionals with specialized skill and knowledge. Addressing the matter involved performing procedures and evaluating audit evidence in connection with forming our overall opinion on the consolidated financial statements. These procedures included testing the effectiveness of controls relating to management s assessment of the useful lives of the major components of new ships and ship improvements, whether ship improvements add value and are capitalized appropriately, and whether the residual value assigned to the new class of ship is appropriate. These procedures also included, among others, (i) evaluating the reasonableness of the useful lives assigned to the major components of new ships and ship improvements, considering the historical useful lives of similar assets, manufacturer recommended lives, planned maintenance programs, and anticipated changes in technological conditions; (ii) evaluating whether costs capitalized extend the useful life or increase the functionality of 
 F-3 

Table of Contents 
 the ship, including testing the accuracy, existence and valuation of capitalized ship improvement costs; and (iii) evaluating the residual value assigned to the new class of ship. Professionals with specialized skill and knowledge were used to assist in evaluating the appropriateness of the assigned useful lives of the major components of new ships and ship improvements, and residual value of the new class of ship. /s/ February 28, 2023 We have served as the Company s auditor since at least 1988. We have not been able to determine the specific year we began serving as auditor of the Company. 
 F-4 

Table of Contents 
 NCL Corporation Ltd. Consolidated Statements of Operations (in thousands) 

Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 Revenue Passenger ticket Onboard and other Total revenue Cruise operating expense Commissions, transportation and other Onboard and other Payroll and related Fuel Food Other Total cruise operating expense Other operating expense Marketing, general and administrative Depreciation and amortization Impairment loss Total other operating expense Operating loss ) ) ) Non-operating income (expense) Interest expense, net ) ) ) Other income (expense), net ) Total non-operating income (expense) ) ) ) Net loss before income taxes ) ) ) Income tax expense ) ) ) Net loss ) ) ) The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 F-5 

Table of Contents 
 NCL Corporation Ltd. Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Loss (in thousands) 

Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 Net loss ) ) ) Other comprehensive income (loss): Shipboard Retirement Plan Cash flow hedges: Net unrealized loss ) ) ) Amount realized and reclassified into earnings ) Total other comprehensive income (loss) ) ) Total comprehensive loss ) ) ) The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 F-6 

Table of Contents 
 NCL Corporation Ltd. Consolidated Balance Sheets (in thousands, except share data) 

December 31, 2022 2021 Assets Current assets: Cash and cash equivalents Short-term investments Accounts receivable, net Inventories Prepaid expenses and other assets Total current assets Property and equipment, net Goodwill Trade names Other long-term assets Total assets Liabilities and shareholders equity Current liabilities: Current portion of long-term debt Accounts payable Accrued expenses and other liabilities Due to NCLH Advance ticket sales Total current liabilities Long-term debt Exchangeable notes Other long-term liabilities Total liabilities Commitments and contingencies (Note 13) Shareholders equity: Preference shares (Series A-1: par value; shares authorized; shares issued and outstanding at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021; Series A-3: par value; shares authorized; shares issued and outstanding at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021; Series A-4: par value; shares authorized; shares issued and outstanding at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021; and Series A-5: par value; shares authorized; shares issued and outstanding at December 31, 2022) Ordinary shares, par value; shares authorized; shares issued and outstanding at December 31, 2022 and 2021 Additional paid-in capital Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) ) ) Accumulated deficit ) ) Total shareholders equity Total liabilities and shareholders equity The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 F-7 

Table of Contents 
 NCL Corporation Ltd. Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows (in thousands) 

Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 Cash flows from operating activities Net loss ) ) ) Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash provided by (used in) operating activities: Depreciation and amortization expense Impairment loss Deferred income taxes, net ) (Gain) loss on derivatives ) ) Loss on extinguishment of debt Provision for bad debts and inventory obsolescence Gain on involuntary conversion of assets ) ) ) Share-based compensation expense Payment-in-kind interest premium Net foreign currency adjustments ) ) Changes in operating assets and liabilities: Accounts receivable, net ) Inventories ) ) Prepaid expenses and other assets ) ) Accounts payable ) ) Accrued expenses and other liabilities ) Advance ticket sales ) Net cash provided by (used in) operating activities ) ) Cash flows from investing activities Additions to property and equipment, net ) ) ) Purchases of short-term investments ) Proceeds from maturities of short-term investments Cash paid on settlement of derivatives ) ) ) Other, net Net cash used in investing activities ) ) ) Cash flows from financing activities Repayments of long-term debt ) ) ) Proceeds from long-term debt Due to NCLH, net Contribution from NCLH Net share settlement of restricted share units ) ) ) Early redemption premium ) ) ) Deferred financing fees and other ) ) ) Net cash provided by financing activities Net increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents ) ) Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of period Cash and cash equivalents at end of period The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 F-8 

Table of Contents 
 NCL Corporation Ltd. Consolidated Statements of Changes in Shareholders Equity (in thousands) 

Accumulated Retained Additional Other Earnings Total Ordinary Paid-in Comprehensive (Accumulated Shareholders Shares Capital Income (Loss) Deficit) Equity Balance, December 31, 2019 ) Share-based compensation Net share settlement of restricted share units ) ) Contribution from NCLH Cumulative change in accounting policy Other comprehensive income, net Net loss ) ) Balance, December 31, 2020 ) ) Share-based compensation Net share settlement of restricted share units ) ) Contribution from NCLH Other ) ) Other comprehensive loss, net ) ) Net loss ) ) Balance, December 31, 2021 ) ) Share-based compensation Net share settlement of restricted share units ) ) Other comprehensive loss, net ) ) Net loss ) ) Balance, December 31, 2022 ) ) The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 F-9 

Table of Contents 
 NCL Corporation Ltd. Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements ships with approximately Berths and had orders for additional ships currently scheduled to be delivered. We have converted some double occupancy cabins to studio cabins and we expect to convert approximately additional cabins in early 2023. Additionally, in February 2023, we amended the delivery dates of the last Prima Class Ships to 2027 and 2028. These ships will be lengthened and re-configured to accommodate the use of methanol as an alternative fuel source in the future. While additional modifications will be needed in the future to fully enable the use of methanol in addition to traditional marine fuel, this reinforces our commitment to reduce greenhouse gas emissions. We have Prima Class Ships on order with currently scheduled delivery dates from 2023 through 2028. We have Explorer Class Ship on order for delivery in 2023. We have Allura Class Ships on order for delivery in 2023 and 2025. The addition of these ships to our fleet will increase our total Berths to approximately . brands. In the third quarter of 2021, we began a phased relaunch of certain cruise voyages with our ships initially operating at reduced occupancy levels. In early May 2022, the Company completed the phased relaunch of its entire fleet with all ships now in operation with guests on board. Significant events affecting travel typically have an impact on demand for cruise vacations, with the full extent of the impact determined by the length of time the event influences travel decisions. The level of occupancy on our ships will depend on a number of factors including, but not limited to, further resurgences of COVID-19 or the emergence of other public health crises and any related governmental regulations and new health and safety protocols, port availability, travel restrictions, bans and advisories, and our ability to staff our ships. In addition, as a result of conditions associated with the COVID-19 pandemic and other global events, such as Russia s ongoing invasion of Ukraine and actions taken by the United States and other governments in response to the invasion, the global economy, including the financial and credit markets, has experienced significant volatility and disruptions, including increases in inflation rates, fuel prices, and interest rates. These conditions have resulted, and may continue to result, in increased expenses and may also impact travel or consumer discretionary spending. We believe the ongoing effects of the foregoing factors and events on our operations and global bookings have had, and will continue to have, a significant impact on our financial results and liquidity. The estimation of our future cash flow projections includes numerous assumptions that are subject to various risks and uncertainties. Our principal assumptions for future cash flow projections include: Expected gradual return to historical occupancy levels; Expected increase in revenue per passenger cruise day through a combination of both passenger ticket and onboard revenue as compared to 2019; Forecasted cash collections in accordance with the terms of our credit card processing agreements (see Note 13 - Commitments and Contingencies and Expected sustained higher fuel prices and the impact of inflation. 
 
 F-10 

Table of Contents 
 billion and the impact of our billion undrawn commitment less related fees as of December 31, 2022 and the impact of our various capital market and financing transactions in 2023 (see Note 8 Long-Term Debt ), we have concluded that we have sufficient liquidity to satisfy our obligations for at least the next . Basis of Presentation Our consolidated financial statements have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America and contain all normal recurring adjustments necessary for a fair presentation of the results for the periods presented. Estimates are required for the preparation of consolidated financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles and actual results could differ from these estimates. All significant intercompany accounts and transactions are eliminated in consolidation. million and million as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Accounts receivable, net includes million and billion due from credit card processors within 12 months as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. million, million and million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. . A residual value of was established based on our long-term 
 F-11 

Table of Contents 
 - reduction for the estimated residual values of ships as follows: Computer hardware and software Other property and equipment Leasehold improvements Ship improvements Long-lived assets are reviewed for impairment, based on estimated future undiscounted cash flows, whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of an asset may not be recoverable. Assets are grouped and evaluated at the lowest level for which there are identifiable cash flows that are largely independent of the cash flows of other groups of assets. For ship impairment analyses, the lowest level for which identifiable cash flows are largely independent of other assets and liabilities is each individual ship. We consider historical performance and future estimated results in our evaluation of potential impairment and then compare the carrying amount of the asset to the estimated future cash flows expected to result from the use of the asset. If the carrying amount of the asset exceeds estimated expected undiscounted future cash flows, we measure the amount of the impairment by comparing the carrying amount of the asset to its estimated fair value. We estimate fair value based on the best information available utilizing estimates, judgments and projections as necessary. Our estimate of fair value is generally measured by discounting expected future cash flows at discount rates commensurate with the associated risk. 
 F-12 

Table of Contents 
 reporting units. Each brand, Oceania Cruises, Regent Seven Seas and Norwegian, constitutes a business for which discrete financial information is available and management regularly reviews the operating results and, therefore, each brand is considered an operating segment. For our annual impairment evaluation, we performed a qualitative assessment for the Regent Seven Seas reporting unit and of each brand s trade names. As part of our analysis, we performed an assessment of current factors compared to key assumptions impacting the quantitative tests performed in 2020. As of December 31, 2022, our annual review supports the carrying value of these assets. Europe Asia-Pacific Other Total revenue reportable segment. Although we sell cruises on an international basis, our passenger ticket revenue is primarily attributed to U.S.-sourced guests who make reservations through the U.S. Revenue attributable to U.S.-sourced guests was , and for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. Substantially all of our long-lived assets are located outside of the U.S. and consist primarily of our ships. We had ships with Bahamas registry with a carrying value of billion as of December 31, 2022 and ships with Bahamas registry with a carrying value of billion as of December 31, 2021. We had ships with Marshall Islands registry with a carrying value of billion as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. We also had ship with U.S. registry with a carrying value of billion as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. 
 F-13 

Table of Contents 
 million, a gain of million and a loss of million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively, related to remeasurement of assets and liabilities denominated in foreign currencies. Remeasurements of foreign currency related to operating activities are recognized within changes in operating assets and liabilities in the consolidated statement of cash flows. 
 F-14 

Table of Contents 
 and before the voyage. Deposits on advance ticket sales are deferred when received and include amounts that are refundable. Deferred amounts are subsequently recognized as revenue ratably during the voyage sailing days as services are rendered over time on the ship. Deposits are generally cancellable and refundable prior to sailing, but may be subject to penalties, depending on the timing of cancellation. Historically, the inception of substantive cancellation penalties generally coincided with the dates that final payment is due, and penalties generally increased as the voyage sail date approaches. We have launched cancellation policies for certain sailings booked during certain time periods to permit certain guests to cancel cruises which were not part of a temporary suspension of voyages up to prior to embarkation for cruises embarking prior to December 31, 2022 or in the event of a positive 
 F-15 

Table of Contents 
 million, primarily related to in-transit credit card receivables. Contract liabilities represent the Company s obligation to transfer goods and services to a customer. A customer deposit held for a future cruise is generally considered a contract liability only when final payment is both due and paid by the customer and is usually recognized in earnings within of becoming a contract. Other deposits held and included within advance ticket sales or other long-term liabilities are not considered contract liabilities as they are largely cancelable and refundable. Our contract liabilities are included within advance ticket sales. Future cruise credits that have been issued as face value reimbursement for cancelled bookings due to COVID-19 are generally valid for any sailing through June 30, 2023, and we may further extend this offer. The future cruise credits are not contracts, and therefore, guests who elected this option are excluded from our contract liability balance; however, the credit for the original amount paid is included in advance ticket sales. As of December 31, 2022, our contract liabilities were billion. Of the amounts included within contract liabilities as of December 31, 2022, approximately were refundable in accordance with our cancellation policies. Of the deposits included within advance ticket sales, the majority are refundable in accordance with our cancellation policies and it is uncertain to what extent guests may request refunds. Refunds payable to guests are included in accounts payable. As of December 31, 2021, our contract liabilities were million. Approximately million of the December 31, 2021 contract liability balance has been recognized in revenue for the year ended December 31, 2022. The revenue recognized in the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020 that was included in contract liabilities as of the beginning of each respective period was million and billion, respectively. Our cruise voyages were completely suspended from March 2020 until July 2021 due to the COVID-19 pandemic and our resumption of cruise voyages was phased in gradually as described under Liquidity and Management s Plan above. As a result of our return to service as well as our cancellation policies returning to our standard terms, there has been an increase in the contract liability balance as of December 31, 2022. The addition of new ships also increases the contract liability balances prior to a new ship s delivery as staterooms are made available for reservation prior to the inaugural cruise. In 2023, new ships are expected to be delivered. Practical Expedients and Exemptions We do not disclose information about remaining performance obligations that have original expected durations of one year or less. We recognize revenue in an amount that corresponds directly with the value to the customer of our performance completed to date. Variable consideration, which will be determined based on a future rate and passenger count, is excluded from the disclosure and these amounts are not material. These variable non-disclosed contractual amounts relate to non-cancelable charter agreements and a service concession arrangement with a certain port, both of which are long-term in nature. Amounts that are fixed in nature due to the application of minimum guarantees are also not material and are not disclosed. Contract Costs Management generally expects that incremental commissions and credit card fees paid as a result of obtaining ticket contracts are recoverable; therefore, we recognize these amounts as assets when they are paid prior to the voyage. Costs of air tickets, port taxes and other fees that fulfill future performance obligations are also considered recoverable and are 
 F-16 

Table of Contents 
 million and million as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Costs to fulfill contracts with customers were million and million as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Both costs to obtain and fulfill contracts with customers are recognized within prepaid expenses and other assets. Incremental commissions, credit card fees, air ticket costs, and port taxes and fees are recognized ratably over the voyage sailing dates, concurrent with associated revenue, and are primarily in commissions, transportation and other expense. For cruise vacations that had been cancelled by us due to COVID-19, approximately million, million and million in costs to obtain these contracts, consisting of protected commissions, including those paid to employees, and credit card fees, were recognized in earnings during the year ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. million for goodwill and million for trade names. We evaluate goodwill and trade names for impairment annually or more frequently when an event occurs or circumstances change that indicates the carrying value of a reporting unit may not be recoverable. Balance, December 31, 2021 Impairment loss Balance, December 31, 2022 For the year ended December 31, 2020, we impaired our trade names for Oceania Cruises and Regent Seven Seas Cruises by million and million, respectively. Following these impairments, the carrying value of our trade names was million, which consists of million for Norwegian Cruise Line, million for Oceania Cruises and million for Regent Seven Seas Cruises. Variable lease expense Short-term lease expense 
 F-17 

Table of Contents 
 Current operating lease liabilities Accrued expenses and other liabilities Non-current operating lease liabilities Other long-term liabilities Right-of-use assets obtained in exchange for lease obligations: Operating leases ) The right-of-use assets obtained in exchange for lease obligations for the year ended December 31, 2022 decreased primarily related to a modification of a port facility agreement. Other supplemental information related to leases was as follows: Weighted average discount rate - operating leases 2024 2025 2026 2027 Thereafter Total Less: Present value discount ) Present value of lease liabilities 
 F-18 

Table of Contents 
 sales-type lease for constructed land-based transportation equipment and infrastructure. The term of the lease is . At the end of the lease term, the assets shall be conveyed to the lessee. As of December 31, 2022, the lease receivable is million and is recognized within accounts receivable, net and other long-term assets. 2024 2025 2026 2027 Thereafter Total Significant Assumptions and Judgments in Applying Topic 842 and Practical Expedients Elected Our leases contain both fixed and variable payments. Fixed payments and variable lease payments that depend on a rate or index are included in the calculation of the right-of-use asset. Other variable payments are excluded from the calculation unless there is an unavoidable fixed minimum cost related to those payments such as a minimum annual guarantee. Our lease assets are amortized on a straight-line basis except for our rights to use port facilities. The expenses related to port facilities are amortized based on passenger counts as this basis represents the pattern in which the economic benefit is derived from the right to use the underlying asset. For non-consecutive lease terms, which relate to our rights to use certain port facilities, the term of the lease is based on the number of days on which we have the right to use a specified asset. We have adopted the practical expedient to exclude leases with terms of less than one year from being included on the balance sheet. Lease expense for agreements that are short-term are disclosed below and include both fixed and variable payments. Certain leases include one or more or terminate and are primarily in increments. Lease extensions and terminations, including auto-renewing lease terms, were only included in the calculation of the right-of-use asset to the extent that the right to renew or terminate was at the option of the lessor only or where there was a more than insignificant penalty for termination. As our leases do not have a readily determinable implicit rate, we estimated our incremental borrowing rate to determine the net present value of the lease payments at the commencement date. Our incremental borrowing rate was estimated based on the rate we would have obtained if we had borrowed collateralized debt over the lease term to purchase the asset. We have also adopted the practical expedient which allows us, by class of asset, to not separate lease and non-lease components when we are the lessor in the underlying transaction, the transactions would otherwise be accounted for under ASC 606 Revenue Recognition and the non-lease components are the predominant components of the agreements. We have applied this practical expedient to transactions with cruise passengers and concession service providers related to the use of our ships. We refer you to Note 3 Revenue and Expense from Contracts with Customers. Leases That Have Not Yet Commenced We have agreement related to our rights to use a port facility which is under construction. The lease term for this agreement has not commenced as of December 31, 2022. Although we may have provided design input or advances related to these assets, we have determined that we do not control the assets during the period of construction. The lease is expected to commence in 2024. This port facility has undiscounted minimum annual guarantees of approximately million of passenger fees. 
 F-19 

Table of Contents) ) ) Current period other comprehensive income (loss) before reclassifications ) ) Amounts reclassified into earnings ) ) (1) (2) Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) at end of period ) ) (3) 

Year Ended December 31, 2021 Change Accumulated Change Related to Other Related to Shipboard Comprehensive Cash Flow Retirement Income (Loss) Hedges Plan Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) at beginning of period ) ) ) Current period other comprehensive loss before reclassifications ) ) Amounts reclassified into earnings (1) (2) Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) at end of period ) ) ) 

Year Ended December 31, 2020 Change Accumulated Change Related to Other Related to Shipboard Comprehensive Cash Flow Retirement Income (Loss) Hedges Plan Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) at beginning of period ) ) ) Current period other comprehensive loss before reclassifications ) ) ) Amounts reclassified into earnings (1) (2) Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) at end of period ) ) ) 

 (1) We refer you to Note 10 Fair Value Measurements and Derivatives in these notes to consolidated financial statements for the affected line items in the consolidated statements of operations. (2) Amortization of prior-service cost and actuarial loss reclassified to other income (expense), net. (3) Includes million of gain expected to be reclassified into earnings in the next 12 months. 
 F-20 

Table of Contents 
 Ship improvements Ships under construction Land and land improvements Other Less: accumulated depreciation ) ) Property and equipment, net The increase in ships was primarily due to the addition of Norwegian Prima. The Company capitalized approximately million of costs associated with ship improvements during the year ended December 31, 2022. Repairs and maintenance expenses including Dry-dock expenses were million, million and million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively, and were recorded within other cruise operating expense. Ships under construction include progress payments to the shipyard, planning and design fees and other associated costs. Capitalized interest costs which were primarily associated with the construction or revitalization of ships amounted to million, million and million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 F-21 

Table of Contents 
 million senior secured Revolving Loan Facility Term Loan A Facility million exchangeable notes (1) million exchangeable notes (2) million exchangeable notes (3) million exchangeable notes (4) million senior secured notes million senior unsecured notes million senior secured notes (5) million senior secured notes million senior unsecured notes million senior unsecured notes million senior unsecured notes million Breakaway one loan (6) million Breakaway two loan (6) million Breakaway three loan (6) million Breakaway four loan (6) million Seahawk 1 term loan (6) million Seahawk 2 term loan (6) Leonardo newbuild one loan Leonardo newbuild two loan Leonardo newbuild three loan Leonardo newbuild four loan Splendor newbuild loan Explorer newbuild loan Marina newbuild loan Riviera newbuild loan Term loan - newbuild related Finance lease and license obligations Various Various Total debt Less: current portion of long-term debt ) ) Total long-term debt 

 (1) Includes a conversion option liability of million and related debt discount of million as of December 31, 2022. Includes a conversion option liability of million and related debt discount of million as of December 31, 2021. (2) Includes a conversion option liability of million and related debt discount of million as of December 31, 2022. Includes a conversion option liability of million and related debt discount of million as of December 31, 2021. (3) Includes a conversion option liability of million and related debt discount of million as of December 31, 2022. Includes a conversion option liability of million and related debt discount of million as of December 31, 2021. (4) Includes a conversion option liability of million and related debt discount of million as of December 31, 2022. (5) Includes an original issue discount of million as of December 31, 2021. (6) Currently U.S. dollar-denominated. 
 F-22 

Table of Contents 
 million in aggregate principal amount of senior secured notes due 2027 (the 2027 Secured Notes and million in aggregate principal amount of senior notes due 2029 (the 2029 Unsecured Notes ). The 2027 Secured Notes are jointly and severally guaranteed on a senior secured basis by Pride of Hawaii, LLC, Norwegian Epic, Ltd. and Sirena Acquisition. The 2027 Secured Notes and the related guarantees are secured by a first-priority interest in, among other things and subject to certain agreed security principles, three of our vessels, namely the Norwegian Jade vessel, the Norwegian Epic vessel and the Sirena vessel. NCLC may redeem the 2027 Secured Notes at its option, in whole or in part, at any time and from time to time prior to February 15, 2024, at a make-whole redemption price, plus accrued and unpaid interest and additional amounts, if any, to, but excluding, the redemption date. NCLC may redeem the 2027 Secured Notes at its option, in whole or in part, at any time and from time to time on or after February 15, 2024, at the redemption prices set forth in the indenture governing the 2027 Secured Notes, plus accrued and unpaid interest and additional amounts, if any, to, but excluding, the redemption date. At any time and from time to time prior to February 15, 2024, NCLC may choose to redeem up to of the aggregate principal amount of the 2027 Secured Notes with the net proceeds of certain NCLH equity offerings, subject to certain restrictions, at a redemption price equal to of the principal amount of the 2027 Secured Notes redeemed plus accrued and unpaid interest to, but excluding, the redemption date, so long as at least of the aggregate principal amount of the 2027 Secured Notes issued remains outstanding following such redemption. NCLC may redeem the 2029 Unsecured Notes at its option, in whole or in part, at any time and from time to time prior to November 15, 2028, at a make-whole redemption price, plus accrued and unpaid interest and additional amounts, if any, to, but excluding, the redemption date. NCLC may redeem the 2029 Unsecured Notes at its option, in whole or in part, at any time and from time to time on or after November 15, 2028, at a redemption price equal to of the principal amount of 2029 Unsecured Notes redeemed, plus accrued and unpaid interest and additional amounts, if any, to, but excluding, the redemption date. At any time and from time to time prior to February 15, 2025, NCLC may choose to redeem up to of the aggregate principal amount of the 2029 Unsecured Notes with the net proceeds of certain NCLH equity offerings, subject to certain restrictions, at a redemption price equal to of the principal amount of the 2029 Unsecured Notes redeemed plus accrued and unpaid interest to, but excluding, the redemption date, so long as at least of the aggregate principal amount of the 2029 Unsecured Notes issued remains outstanding following such redemption. The indentures governing the 2027 Secured Notes and the 2029 Unsecured Notes include requirements that, among other things and subject to a number of qualifications and exceptions, restrict our ability and the ability of our restricted subsidiaries, as applicable, to (i) incur or guarantee additional indebtedness; (ii) pay dividends or distributions on, or redeem or repurchase, equity interests and make other restricted payments; (iii) make investments; (iv) consummate certain asset sales; (v) engage in certain transactions with affiliates; (vi) grant or assume certain liens; and (vii) consolidate, merge or transfer all or substantially all of our assets. In February 2022, NCLC also conducted a private offering (the Exchangeable Notes Offering of million in aggregate principal amount of exchangeable senior notes due February 15, 2027 (the 2027 2.5 Exchangeable Notes ). The 2027 2.5 Exchangeable Notes are guaranteed by NCLH on a senior basis. At their option, holders may exchange their 2027 2.5 Exchangeable Notes for, at the election of NCLC, cash, ordinary shares of NCLH or a combination of cash and ordinary shares of NCLH, at any time prior to the close of business on the business day immediately preceding August 15, 2026, subject to the satisfaction of certain conditions and during certain periods, and on or after August 15, 2026 until the close of business on the business day immediately preceding the maturity date, regardless of whether such conditions have been met. If NCLC elects to satisfy its exchange obligation solely in ordinary shares or in a combination of ordinary shares and cash, upon exchange, the 2027 2.5 Exchangeable Notes will convert into redeemable preference shares of NCLC, which will be immediately and automatically exchanged, for each principal amount of exchanged 2027 2.5 Exchangeable Notes, into a number of NCLH s ordinary shares based on the exchange rate. The exchange rate initially will be ordinary shares per principal amount of 2027 2.5 Exchangeable Notes (equivalent to an initial exchange price of approximately per ordinary share). The maximum exchange rate is and reflects potential adjustments to the initial exchange rate, which would only be made in the event of certain make-whole fundamental changes or tax redemption events. The exchange rate referred to above is also subject to adjustment for any stock split, stock dividend or similar transaction. The 2027 2.5 Exchangeable Notes pay 
 F-23 

Table of Contents 
 per annum, semiannually on February 15 and August 15 of each year, to holders of record at the close of business on the immediately preceding February 1 and August 1, respectively. NCLC used the net proceeds from the Notes Offering and the Exchangeable Notes Offering to redeem (the Redemption all of the outstanding 2024 Senior Secured Notes and 2026 Senior Secured Notes and to make scheduled principal payments on debt maturing in 2022, including, in each case, to pay any accrued and unpaid interest thereon, as well as related premiums, fees and expenses. Simultaneously with the Redemption, and pursuant to certain provisions contained in the indentures governing the 2026 Senior Unsecured Notes and the 2028 Senior Unsecured Notes, each of the guarantors party to such indentures were released from their obligations thereunder. We had export credit financing in place for of the contract price for Norwegian Prima, for which we took delivery in July 2022. The associated billion term loan bears interest at a fixed rate of with a maturity date of July 31, 2034. Principal and interest payments are payable semiannually. In December 2022, NCLC entered into Amendment No. 4 to the Senior Secured Credit Facility. Amendment No. 4 extended the maturities for approximately billion of NCLC s operating credit facility by to January 2025. Pursuant to Amendment No. 4, the extending lenders elected to convert (i) million of their term A-2 loans into a like principal amount of term A-3 loans, (ii) million of their deferred term A-1 loans into a like principal amount of deferred term A-2 loans and (iii) million of their revolving facility A commitments into a like amount of revolving facility C commitments. Additionally, certain existing lenders agreed to make new term A-3 loans in an aggregate amount of million, the proceeds of which were used to fully repay the deferred term A loans, deferred term A-1 loans and term A loans and partially repay the term A-1 loans. The term A-3 loans, deferred term A-2 loans and revolving facility C commitments each shall constitute a separate tranche of loans and commitments and have a maturity date of January 2, 2025, subject to, if a one-time minimum liquidity threshold is not satisfied on September 16, 2024, a springing maturity date of September 16, 2024. The term A-3 loans and revolving facility C commitments will accrue interest depending on a total leverage ratio at a per annum rate based on the adjusted term SOFR rate plus a margin of between and . Deferred term A-2 loans will accrue interest at a per annum rate based on the adjusted term SOFR rate plus a margin of . Amendment No. 4 also (i) replaced the LIBOR index rate with the Term SOFR Rate, (ii) modified certain financial covenants such that, following the covenant relief period ending on December 31, 2022, (A) the allowable ratio of total net funded debt to total capitalization shall be greater than previously permitted, (B) free liquidity shall be required to be greater than or equal to at any time and (C) the ratio of EBITDA to consolidated debt service shall be required to be greater than or equal to to 1.00 unless free liquidity is greater than and (iii) increased certain of the baskets applicable to our ability to incur debt. Also in December 2022, all of NCLC s export-credit backed facilities were amended to conform the financial covenants with the Senior Secured Credit Facility. The refinancings and amendments described above resulted in aggregate losses on extinguishment of million and modification expenses of million for the year ended December 31, 2022, which are recognized in interest expense, net. 2023 Transactions In February 2023, NCLC issued million aggregate principal amount of senior secured notes due 2028 (the 2028 Senior Secured Notes ). The 2028 Senior Secured Notes are jointly and severally secured by first-priority interests in, among other things and subject to certain agreed security principles, thirteen of our vessels that also secure the Senior Secured Credit Facility. The 2028 Senior Secured Notes are guaranteed by our subsidiaries that own the vessels that secure the 2028 Senior Secured Notes. NCLC may redeem the 2028 Senior Secured Notes at its option, in whole or in part, at any time and from time to time prior to February 1, 2025, at a make-whole redemption price, plus accrued and unpaid interest and additional amounts, if any, to, but excluding, the redemption date. NCLC may redeem the 2028 Senior Secured Notes at its option, in whole or in part, at any time and from time to time on or after February 1, 2025, at the redemption prices set forth in the indenture governing the 2028 Senior Secured Notes plus accrued and unpaid interest and additional amounts, if any, to, but excluding, the redemption date. At any time and from time to time prior to February 1, 2025, NCLC may choose to redeem up to of the aggregate principal amount of the 2028 Senior Secured Notes with the net proceeds of certain equity offerings, subject to certain restrictions, at a redemption price equal to of the principal amount of the 2028 Senior Secured Notes redeemed plus accrued and unpaid interest to, but excluding, the redemption date, so long as at least of the aggregate principal amount of the 2028 Senior Secured Notes issued remains outstanding following such redemption. The 2028 Senior Secured Notes pay interest at 
 F-24 

Table of Contents 
 per annum, semiannually on February 1 and August 1 of each year, to holders of record at the close of business on the immediately preceding January 15 and July 15, respectively. The proceeds from the 2028 Senior Secured Notes were used to repay the loans outstanding under our Term Loan A Facility that otherwise would have become due in January 2024, including to pay any accrued and unpaid interest thereon, as well as related premiums, fees and expenses. As a result, all of the remaining term loans outstanding under our Term Loan A Facility will mature in January 2025, subject to the springing maturity described above. The indenture governing the 2028 Senior Secured Notes includes requirements that, among other things and subject to a number of qualifications and exceptions, restrict the ability of NCLC and its restricted subsidiaries, as applicable, to (i) incur or guarantee additional indebtedness; (ii) pay dividends or distributions on, or redeem or repurchase, equity interests and make other restricted payments; (iii) make investments; (iv) consummate certain asset sales; (v) engage in certain transactions with affiliates; (vi) grant or assume certain liens; and (vii) consolidate, merge or transfer all or substantially all of their assets. In February 2023, a commitment of million in aggregate principal amount was obtained from a new lender in connection with the Revolving Loan Facility. This commitment will be assigned from existing lenders extending certain revolving facility commitments coming due January 2024 by one year to January 2025. The terms of the commitment are described above regarding Amendment No. 4 to the Senior Secured Credit Facility. In July 2022, NCLC entered into a billion amended and restated commitment letter (the commitment letter with the purchasers named therein (collectively, the Commitment Parties ), which superseded a billion commitment letter previously executed in November 2021. The commitment letter, among other things, extended the commitments thereunder through March 31, 2023. In February 2023, the Commitment Parties further amended the commitment letter (the amended commitment letter to extend certain commitments thereunder through February 2024, with an option for NCLC to further extend such commitments through February 2025 at its election. Pursuant to the amended commitment letter, the Commitment Parties have agreed to purchase from NCLC an aggregate principal amount of up to million of senior secured notes at NCLC s option. NCLC has the option to make up to draws, consisting of (i) million of senior secured notes due 2028 that, if issued, will accrue interest at a rate of per annum subject to a increase or decrease based on certain market conditions at the time drawn (the Class B Notes and (ii) million aggregate principal amount of senior secured notes due after the issue date (the Backstop Notes ). The Class B Notes and the Backstop Notes are subject to a quarterly commitment fee of for so long as the commitments with respect to Class B Notes or the Backstop Notes, as applicable, are outstanding, which fee will be increased to if NCLC extends the commitments through February 2025 at its election. If drawn, the Class B Notes will be subject to an issue fee of , and the Backstop Notes will be subject to a quarterly duration fee of , as well as an issue fee of . In February 2023, in connection with the execution of the amended commitment letter, NCLC issued million aggregate principal amount of senior secured notes due 2028 (the Class A Notes and, collectively with the Class B Notes and the Backstop Notes, the Notes ), subject to an issue fee of . NCLC will use the net proceeds from the Class A Notes for general corporate purposes. NCLC may redeem the Class A Notes at its option, in whole or in part, at any time and from time to time prior to February 22, 2025, at a make-whole redemption price, plus accrued and unpaid interest and additional amounts, if any, to, but excluding, the redemption date. NCLC may redeem the Class A Notes at its option, in whole or in part, at any time and from time to time on or after February 22, 2025, at the redemption prices set forth in the indenture governing the Class A Notes, plus accrued and unpaid interest and additional amounts, if any, to, but excluding, the redemption date. The Class A Notes pay interest at per annum, quarterly on February 15, May 15, August 15 and November 15 of each year, to holders of record at the close of business on the immediately preceding February 1, May 1, August 1 and November 1, respectively. The Class A Notes are, and the Class B Notes and the Backstop Notes, if issued, will be, secured by first-priority interests in, among other things and subject to certain agreed security principles, shares of capital stock in certain guarantors, our material intellectual property and two islands that we use in the operations of our cruise business. The Class A Notes are, and the Class B Notes and the Backstop Notes, if issued, will be, guaranteed by our subsidiaries that own the property that secures the Notes as well as certain additional subsidiaries whose assets do not secure the Notes. The indenture governing the Class A Notes includes requirements that, among other things and subject to a number of qualifications and exceptions, restrict the ability of NCLC and its restricted subsidiaries, as applicable, to (i) incur or guarantee additional indebtedness; (ii) pay dividends or distributions on, or redeem or repurchase, equity interests and 
 F-25 

Table of Contents 
 senior unsecured notes up to an aggregate principal amount sufficient to generate gross proceeds of million at any time between October 4, 2023 and January 2, 2024. Exchangeable Notes In August 2020, the FASB issued ASU No. 2020-06, Debt Debt with Conversion and Other Options (Subtopic 470-20) and Derivatives and Hedging Contracts in Entity s Own Equity (Subtopic 815-40) Accounting for Convertible Instruments and Contracts in an Entity s Own Equity ASU 2020-06 ), which reduces the number of accounting models for convertible debt instruments and enhances transparency in disclosures. One model which was eliminated is the bifurcation of embedded conversion features that are not accounted for separately as derivatives. Each of the 2024 Exchangeable Notes, 2025 Exchangeable Notes, 2027 1.125 Exchangeable Notes and 2027 2.5 Exchangeable Notes contain conversion options that may be settled with NCLH s ordinary shares. As the options are both indexed to and settled in ordinary shares of NCLH, they are accounted for separately as derivatives for NCLC. Due to the bifurcation of the options as derivatives, NCLC does not use one of the models that was eliminated, and the adoption of 2020-06 did not have a material effect. As of December 31, 2022, NCLC had outstanding million aggregate principal amount of exchangeable senior notes due May 15, 2024 (the 2024 Exchangeable Notes ). The 2024 Exchangeable Notes are guaranteed by NCLH on a senior basis. Holders may exchange their 2024 Exchangeable Notes at their option into redeemable preference shares of NCLC. Upon exchange, the preference shares will be immediately and automatically exchanged, for each principal amount of exchanged 2024 Exchangeable Notes, into a number of NCLH s ordinary shares based on the exchange rate. The exchange rate will initially be ordinary shares per principal amount of 2024 Exchangeable Notes (equivalent to an initial exchange price of approximately per ordinary share). The maximum exchange rate is and reflects potential adjustments to the initial exchange rate, which would only be made in the event of certain make-whole fundamental changes or tax redemption events. The exchange rate referred to above is also subject to adjustment for any stock split, stock dividend or similar transaction. The 2024 Exchangeable Notes pay interest at per annum, semiannually on May 15 and November 15 of each year, to holders of record at the close of business on the immediately preceding May 1 and November 1, respectively. As of December 31, 2022, NCLC had outstanding million aggregate principal amount of exchangeable senior notes due August 1, 2025 (the 2025 Exchangeable Notes ). The 2025 Exchangeable Notes are guaranteed by NCLH on a senior basis. Holders may exchange their 2025 Exchangeable Notes at their option into redeemable preference shares of NCLC. Upon exchange, the preference shares will be immediately and automatically exchanged, for each principal amount of exchanged 2025 Exchangeable Notes, into a number of NCLH s ordinary shares based on the exchange rate. The exchange rate will initially be ordinary shares per principal amount of 2025 Exchangeable Notes (equivalent to an initial exchange price of approximately per ordinary share). The maximum exchange rate is and reflects potential adjustments to the initial exchange rate, which would only be made in the event of certain make-whole fundamental changes or tax redemption events. The exchange rate referred to above is also subject to adjustment for any stock split, stock dividend or similar transaction. The 2025 Exchangeable Notes pay interest at per annum, semiannually on February 1 and August 1 of each year, to holders of record at the close of business on the immediately preceding January 15 and July 15, respectively. As of December 31, 2022, NCLC had outstanding million aggregate principal amount of exchangeable senior notes due February 15, 2027 (the 2027 1.125 Exchangeable Notes ). The 2027 1.125 Exchangeable Notes are guaranteed by NCLH on a senior basis. Holders may exchange their 2027 1.125 Exchangeable Notes at their option into redeemable preference shares of NCLC or cash, at the election of NCLC, at any time prior to the close of business on the business day immediately preceding August 15, 2026, subject to the satisfaction of certain conditions and during certain periods, and on or after August 15, 2026 until the close of business on the business day immediately preceding the maturity date, regardless of whether such conditions have been met. Upon exchange, the preference shares will be immediately and automatically exchanged, for each principal amount of exchanged 2027 1.125 Exchangeable Notes, into a number of NCLH s ordinary shares based on the exchange rate. The initial exchange rate is 
 F-26 

Table of Contents 
 ordinary shares per principal amount of 2027 1.125 Exchangeable Notes (equivalent to an initial exchange price of approximately per ordinary share). The maximum exchange rate is and reflects potential adjustments to the initial exchange rate, which would only be made in the event of certain make-whole fundamental changes or tax redemption events. The exchange rate referred to above is also subject to adjustment for any stock split, stock dividend or similar transaction. The 2027 1.125 Exchangeable Notes pay interest at per annum, semiannually on February 15 and August 15 of each year, to holders of record at the close of business on the immediately preceding February 1 and August 1, respectively. ) Level 2 2025 Exchangeable Notes ) Level 2 2027 1.125 Exchangeable Notes ) Level 2 2027 2.5 Exchangeable Notes ) Level 2 ) Level 2 2025 Exchangeable Notes ) Level 2 2027 1.125 Exchangeable Notes ) Level 2 In addition, we recognize debt conversion options within exchangeable notes. Refer to Note 10 Fair Value Measurements and Derivatives. Amortization of debt discount, including deferred financing fees Total Prior to the adoption of ASU 2020-06, interest expense, including amortization of debt discounts and coupon interest, recognized related to the convertible debt instruments was million for the year ended December 31, 2020. The effective interest rate is , , and for the 2024 Exchangeable Notes, 2025 Exchangeable Notes, 2027 1.125 Exchangeable Notes and 2027 2.5 Exchangeable Notes, respectively. Interest Expense Interest expense, net for the year ended December 31, 2022 was billion which included million of amortization of deferred financing fees and an approximately million loss on extinguishment and modification of debt. Interest expense, net for the year ended December 31, 2021 was billion which included million of amortization of deferred financing fees and a billion loss on extinguishment of debt. Interest expense, net for the year ended December 31, 2020 was million which included million of amortization of deferred financing fees and a million loss on extinguishment and modification of debt. 
 F-27 

Table of Contents 
 2024 2025 2026 2027 Thereafter Total We had an accrued interest liability of million and million as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Debt Covenants During the year ended December 31, 2022, we amended certain financial and other debt covenants, including the modification of our free liquidity requirements. As of December 31, 2022, taking into account such amendments, we were in compliance with all of our debt covenants. If we do not continue to remain in compliance with our covenants, we would have to seek additional amendments to or waivers of our covenants. However, no assurances can be made that such amendments or waivers would be approved by our lenders. Generally, if an event of default under any debt agreement occurs, then pursuant to cross default and/or cross acceleration clauses, substantially all of our outstanding debt and derivative contract payables could become due, and all debt and derivative contracts could be terminated, which would have a material adverse impact on our operations and liquidity. of NCLH s outstanding ordinary shares as of December 31, 2020. The initial exchange rate for the Private Exchangeable Notes could have been adjusted in the event of certain make-whole fundamental changes or tax redemption events (each, as described in the Indenture), but the maximum number of NCLH ordinary shares issuable upon an exchange in the event of such an adjustment would not have exceeded . The Private Exchangeable Notes also contained certain anti-dilution provisions that could have subjected the exchange rate to additional adjustment if certain events had occurred. NCLH, NCLC and the Private Investor also entered into an investor rights agreement, dated May 28, 2020 (the Investor Rights Agreement ), which provided that, among other things, the Private Investor was entitled to nominate one person for appointment to the board of directors of NCLH until the first date on which the Private Investor no longer beneficially owned in the aggregate at least of the number of NCLH s ordinary shares issuable upon exchange of the Private Exchangeable Notes beneficially owned by the Private Investor in the aggregate as of May 28, 2020 (subject to certain adjustments). The Investor Rights Agreement also provided for customary registration rights for the Private Investor and its affiliates, including demand and piggyback registration rights, contained customary transfer restrictions and provided that the Private Investor and its affiliates were subject to a voting agreement with respect to certain matters during a specified period of time. In a privately negotiated transaction among NCLH, NCLC and the Private Investor, NCLC agreed to repurchase all of the outstanding Private Exchangeable Notes for an aggregate repurchase price of approximately billion (the Repurchase ). On March 9, 2021, in connection with the settlement of the Repurchase, the trustee cancelled the aggregate principal amount outstanding under the Private Exchangeable Notes and confirmed that NCLC had satisfied and discharged its obligations under the Indenture. In connection with the Repurchase, we and the Private Investor 
 F-28 

Table of Contents 
 thousand metric tons of our projected fuel purchases, maturing through . As of December 31, 2022, we had fuel swaps pertaining to approximately thousand metric tons of our projected fuel purchases which were not designated as cash flow hedges maturing through December 31, 2023. As of December 31, 2022, we had foreign currency forward contracts, matured foreign currency options and matured foreign currency collars which are used to mitigate the financial impact of volatility in foreign currency exchange rates related to our ship construction contracts denominated in euros. The notional amount of our foreign currency forward contracts was billion, or billion based on the euro/U.S. dollar exchange rate as of December 31, 2022. As of December 31, 2022, we had conversion options embedded in our exchangeable notes. The notional amounts of our outstanding options as of December 31, 2022 were million, million, million and million NCLH shares for the 2024 Exchangeable Notes, 2025 Exchangeable Notes, 2027 1.125 Exchangeable Notes and 2027 2.5 Exchangeable Notes, respectively. 
 F-29 

Table of Contents 
 Other long-term assets Foreign currency contracts Prepaid expenses and other assets Accrued expenses and other liabilities Other long-term liabilities Interest rate contracts Accrued expenses and other liabilities Total derivatives designated as hedging instruments Derivative Contracts Not Designated as Hedging Instruments Fuel contracts Prepaid expenses and other assets Other long-term assets Debt conversion options Exchangeable notes Total derivatives not designated as hedging instruments Total derivatives The fair values of swap and forward contracts are determined based on inputs that are readily available in public markets or can be derived from information available in publicly quoted markets. The Company determines the value of options and collars utilizing option pricing models based on inputs that are either readily available in public markets or can be derived from information available in publicly quoted markets. The option pricing models used by the Company are industry standard models for valuing options and are used by the broker/dealer community. The inputs to the option pricing models are the option strike prices, underlying prices, risk-free rates of interest, time to expiration, and both historical and implied volatilities. The fair values of option contracts consider both the intrinsic value and any remaining time value associated with those derivatives that have not yet settled. The Company also considers counterparty credit risk and its own credit risk in its determination of all estimated fair values. Our derivatives and financial instruments were categorized as Level 2 in the fair value hierarchy, and we had no derivatives or financial instruments categorized as Level 1 or Level 3. Our derivative contracts include rights of offset with our counterparties. We have elected to net certain assets and liabilities within counterparties when the rights of offset exist. We are not required to post cash collateral related to our derivative instruments. 
 F-30 

Table of Contents 
 ) ) Liabilities ) ) Gross Gross Gross Amounts Total Net Amounts December 31, 2021 Amounts Offset Amounts Not Offset Net Amounts Assets ) Liabilities ) The effects of cash flow hedge accounting on accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) include the following (in thousands): ) Fuel ) ) Fuel contracts Other income (expense), net ) ) ) Foreign currency contracts ) ) Depreciation and amortization ) ) ) Interest rate contracts ) Interest expense, net ) ) ) Total gain (loss) recognized in other comprehensive income ) ) ) ) ) The effects of cash flow hedge accounting on the consolidated statements of operations include the following (in thousands): Amount of gain (loss) reclassified from accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) into income Fuel contracts Foreign currency contracts ) Interest rate contracts ) Amount of loss reclassified from accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) into income as a result that a forecasted transaction is no longer probable of occurring Fuel contracts ) 
 F-31 

Table of Contents 
 Amount of gain (loss) reclassified from accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) into income Fuel contracts ) Foreign currency contracts ) Interest rate contracts ) Amount of loss reclassified from accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) into income as a result that a forecasted transaction is no longer probable of occurring Fuel contracts ) The effects of cash flow hedge accounting on the consolidated statements of operations include the following (in thousands): ) Amount of gain (loss) reclassified from accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) into income Fuel contracts ) Foreign currency contracts ) Interest rate contracts ) Amount of loss reclassified from accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) into income as a result that a forecasted transaction is no longer probable of occurring Fuel contracts ) Amount of gain recognized in income as a result of failing effectiveness tests Fuel contracts The effects of derivatives not designated as hedging instruments on the consolidated statements of operations include the following (in thousands): Foreign exchange contracts Other income (expense), net ) ) ) Debt conversion options Other income (expense), net ) 
 F-32 

Table of Contents 
 Long-Term Debt As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the fair value of our long-term debt, including the current portion, was billion and billion, respectively, which was 1.8 billion and 0.2 billion lower, respectively, than the carrying values, excluding deferred financing costs. The difference between the fair value and carrying value of our long-term debt is due to our fixed and variable rate debt obligations carrying interest rates that are above or below market rates at the measurement dates. The fair value of our long-term revolving and term loan facilities was calculated based on estimated rates for the same or similar instruments with similar terms and remaining maturities. The fair value of our exchangeable notes considers observable risk-free rates; credit spreads of the same or similar instruments; and share prices, tenors, and historical and implied volatilities which are sourced from observable market data. The inputs are considered to be Level 2 in the fair value hierarchy. Market risk associated with our long-term variable rate debt is the potential increase in interest expense from an increase in interest rates or from an increase in share values. Non-Recurring Measurements of Non-Financial Assets Goodwill and other indefinite-lived assets, principally tradenames, are reviewed for impairment on an annual basis or earlier if there is an event or change in circumstances that would indicate that the carrying value of these assets may not be fully recoverable. We believe our estimates and judgments with respect to our long-lived assets, principally ships, and goodwill and other indefinite-lived intangible assets are reasonable. Nonetheless, if there was a material change in assumptions used in the determination of such fair values or if there is a material change in the conditions or circumstances that influence such assets, we could be required to record an impairment charge. We estimate fair value based on the best information available utilizing estimates, judgments and projections as necessary. As of December 31, 2022, our annual review supports the carrying value of these assets . Other The carrying amounts reported in the consolidated balance sheets of all other financial assets and liabilities approximate fair value. of NCLH s ordinary shares pursuant to awards granted under the plan, with no more than shares being granted to one individual in any calendar year. In May 2016 and May 2021, the plan was amended and restated (the Restated 2013 Plan pursuant to approval from the Board of Directors and NCLH s shareholders. Among other things, under the Restated 2013 Plan, the number of NCLH s ordinary shares that may be delivered pursuant to all awards granted under the plan was increased to a new maximum aggregate limit of shares. In June 2022, NCLH s shareholders approved a further amendment and restatement of the Restated 2013 Plan to increase the number of NCLH ordinary shares that may be delivered by , resulting in an increase in the maximum aggregate limit to shares. Additionally, the expiration date of the Restated 2013 Plan was extended to April 25, 2032. Share options under the plan are granted with an exercise price equal to the closing market price of NCLH shares at the date of grant. . The vesting period for time-based and performance-based restricted share units is generally . Forfeited awards will be available for subsequent awards under the Restated 2013 Plan. 
 F-33 

Table of Contents 
 share option awards granted for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020. The following table sets forth a summary of option activity under NCLH s Restated 2013 Plan for the period presented: Forfeited and cancelled ) Outstanding as of December 31, 2022 Vested and expected to vest as of December 31, 2022 Exercisable as of December 31, 2022 The total intrinsic value of share options exercised during 2022, 2021 and 2020 was , and million, respectively, and total cash received by the Company from exercises was , and million, respectively. As of December 31, 2022, there was unrecognized compensation cost, related to options granted under our share-based incentive plans. Restricted Share Unit RSU Awards In March 2022, NCLH granted million time-based RSU awards to our employees, which primarily vest in substantially equal installments over . Also, in March 2022, NCLH granted million performance-based RSU awards to certain members of our management team, which vest upon the achievement of certain pre-established performance targets established through 2024 and the satisfaction of an additional time-based vesting requirement that generally requires continued employment through March 1, 2025. The fair value of the time-based and performance-based RSUs is equal to the closing market price of NCLH shares at the date of grant. The performance-based RSUs awarded to certain members of our management team are subject to performance conditions such that the number of shares that ultimately vest depends on the Adjusted EPS and Adjusted ROIC achieved by NCLH during the performance period compared to targets established at the award date or other non-financial targets. Although the terms of the performance-based RSU awards provide the compensation committee with the discretion to make certain adjustments to the performance calculation, a mutual understanding of the key terms and conditions of these awards has been ascertained. NCLH remeasures the probability and the cumulative share-based compensation expense of the awards each reporting period until vesting or forfeiture occurs. The following table sets forth a summary of RSU activity for the period presented: Granted (1) Vested ) ) Forfeited or expired ) ) Non-vested as of December 31, 2022 Non-vested and expected to vest as of December 31, 2022 

 (1) Number of performance-based RSU awards included assumes maximum achievement of performance targets. 
 As of December 31, 2022, there were total unrecognized compensation costs related to non-vested time-based, non-vested performance-based and market-based RSUs of million, million and , respectively. The costs are expected to be recognized over a weighted-average period of years, years and , respectively, for the time-based, performance-based and market-based RSUs. Taxes paid pursuant to net share settlements in 2022, 2021 and 2020 were million, million and million, respectively. Employee Stock Purchase Plan ESPP In April 2014, NCLH s shareholders approved the ESPP. The purpose of the ESPP is to provide eligible employees with an opportunity to purchase NCLH s ordinary shares at a favorable price and upon favorable terms in consideration of the 
 F-34 

Table of Contents 
 of NCLH s ordinary shares may be purchased under the ESPP. To be eligible to participate in an offering period, on the grant date of that period, an individual must be customarily employed by the Company or a participating subsidiary for more than twenty hours per week and for more than five months per calendar year. Participation in the ESPP is also subject to certain limitations. The ESPP is considered to be compensatory based on: a) the purchase price discount and b) the look-back purchase price feature. Since the plan is compensatory, compensation expense must be recorded in the consolidated statements of operations on a straight-line basis over the six-month withholding period. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, we had a liability for payroll withholdings received of million and million, respectively. Marketing, general and administrative (2) Total share-based compensation expense 

 (1) Amounts relate to equity granted to certain of our shipboard officers. (2) Amounts relate to equity granted to certain of our corporate employees. 
 Employee Benefit Plans We offer annual incentive bonuses pursuant to our Restated 2013 Plan for our executive officers and other key employees. Bonuses under the plan become earned and payable based on NCLH s performance during the applicable performance period and generally require the individual s continued employment. Company performance criteria include the attainment of certain financial targets and other strategic objectives. Certain employees are employed pursuant to agreements that provide for severance payments. Severance is generally only payable upon an involuntary termination of the employment by us without cause or a termination by the employee for good reason. Severance generally includes a series of cash payments based on the employee s base salary and our payment of the employee s continued medical benefits for the applicable severance period. We maintain a 401(k) Plan for our shoreside employees, including our executive officers. Participants may contribute up to of eligible compensation each pay period, subject to certain limitations. In 2022 and 2021, we made matching contributions equal to of the first and of amounts greater than to and including of each participant s contributions subject to certain limitations. In addition, we may make discretionary supplemental contributions to the 401(k) Plan, which shall be allocated pro rata to each eligible participant based on the compensation of the participant relative to the total compensation of all participants. Our matching contributions are vested according to a schedule. Due to the COVID-19 pandemic, in 2020, we paused our matching contributions under the 401(k) Plan for a portion of the year. The 401(k) Plan is subject to the provisions of ERISA and is intended to be qualified under section 401(a) of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code (the Code ). We recorded total expenses related to the above 401(k) Plan of million, million and million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. Effective January 2009, we implemented the Shipboard Retirement Plan which computes benefits based on years of service, subject to eligibility requirements. The Shipboard Retirement Plan is unfunded with plan assets. The current portion of the projected benefit obligation of million and million was included in accrued expenses and other liabilities as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, and million and million was included in other long-term liabilities in our consolidated balance sheets as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 F-35 

Table of Contents 
 Interest cost Amortization of prior service cost Amortization of actuarial loss Total pension expense Change in projected benefit obligation: Projected benefit obligation at beginning of year Service cost Interest cost Actuarial (gain) loss ) Direct benefit payments ) ) ) Projected benefit obligation at end of year Amounts recognized in the consolidated balance sheets: Projected benefit obligation 

For the Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 Amounts recognized in accumulated other comprehensive income (loss): Prior service cost ) ) ) Accumulated actuarial gain (loss) ) ) Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) ) ) The discount rates used in the net periodic benefit cost calculation for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 were , and , respectively, and the actuarial loss is amortized over years. The discount rate is used to measure and recognize obligations, including adjustments to other comprehensive income (loss), and to determine expense during the periods. It is determined by using bond indices which reflect yields on a broad maturity and industry universe of high-quality corporate bonds. The pension benefits expected to be paid in each of the next five years and in aggregate for the five years thereafter are as follows (in thousands): 2024 2025 2026 2027 Next five years 
 F-36 

Table of Contents 
 Foreign - Other ) ) ) Net loss before income taxes ) ) ) The components of the provision for income taxes consisted of the following benefit (expense) (in thousands): United States ) ) Foreign - Other ) ) ) Total current: ) ) ) Deferred: Bermuda United States ) Foreign - Other ) ) Total deferred: ) ) Income tax expense ) ) ) Our reconciliation of income tax expense computed by applying our Bermuda statutory rate and reported income tax benefit (expense) was as follows (in thousands): Foreign income taxes at different rates Tax contingencies ) ) ) Return to provision adjustments Valuation allowance ) ) ) Income tax expense ) ) ) Deferred tax assets and liabilities were as follows (in thousands): Other Valuation allowance ) ) Total net deferred assets Deferred tax liabilities: Property and equipment ) ) Total deferred tax liabilities ) ) Net deferred tax asset (liability) ) We have U.S. net operating loss carryforwards of million and million for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, which begin to expire in , a portion of which relate to Prestige discussed further below. We evaluate our deferred tax assets each period to determine if a valuation allowance is required based on whether it is more likely than not that some portion of the deferred tax assets would not be realized. The ultimate realization of these deferred tax assets is dependent upon the generation of sufficient taxable income during future periods. We conduct our evaluation by considering all available positive and negative evidence. This evaluation considers, among other factors, historical operating results, forecasts of future profitability, the duration of statutory carryforward periods, and the outlooks for the cruise industry and broader economy. Based on the weight of available 
 F-37 

Table of Contents 
 million, million and million, respectively, with respect to the U.S. net deferred tax assets in one of our U.S. and several of our foreign subsidiaries. Included above are deferred tax assets associated with our operations in Norway for which we have provided a full valuation allowance. We have Norway net operating loss carryforwards of million and million for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, which can be carried forward indefinitely. Included above are deferred tax assets associated with Prestige. We have U.S. net operating loss carryforwards of million for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, which begin to expire in . Utilization of the Prestige net operating loss carryforwards may be subject to a substantial annual limitation due to ownership change limitations that have occurred previously and/or that could occur in the future, as provided by Section 382 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 Section 382 ). Ownership changes may limit the amount of net operating loss carryforwards that can be utilized to offset future taxable income and tax, respectively. In general, an ownership change, as defined by Section 382, results from transactions increasing the ownership of certain shareholders or public groups in the stock of a corporation by more than percentage points over a period. If we have experienced an ownership change, utilization of Prestige s net operating loss carryforwards would be subject to an annual limitation under Section 382. Any limitation may result in expiration of a portion of the net operating loss carryforwards before utilization. Subsequent ownership changes could further impact the limitation in future years. We implemented certain tax restructuring strategies that created our ability to utilize the net operating loss carryforwards of Prestige, for which we had previously provided a full valuation allowance. During the fourth quarter of 2020, a valuation allowance was recognized for million on the Prestige U.S. net operating loss carryforwards. We file income tax returns in the U.S. federal jurisdiction, various U.S. state jurisdictions and foreign jurisdictions. We are generally no longer subject to U.S. federal, state and local, or non-U.S. income tax examinations by authorities for years prior to 2019, except for years in which NOLs generated prior to 2019 are utilized. Due to our international structure as well as the existence of international tax treaties that exempt taxation on certain activities, the repatriation of earnings from our subsidiaries would have no tax impact. We derive our income from the international operation of ships. We are engaged in a trade or business in the U.S. and receive income from sources within the U.S. Under Section 883, certain foreign corporations are exempt from U. S. federal income or branch profits tax on U.S.-source income derived from or incidental to the international operation of ships. Applicable U.S. treasury regulations provide that a foreign corporation will qualify for the benefits of Section 883 if, in relevant part: (i) the foreign country in which the corporation is organized grants an equivalent exemption for income from the international operation of ships to corporations organized in the U.S., and (ii) the foreign corporation has one or more classes of stock that are primarily and regularly traded on an established securities market in the U.S. or another qualifying country. We believe that we qualify for the benefits of Section 883 because we are incorporated in qualifying countries and our ordinary shares are primarily and regularly traded on an established securities market in the U.S. Gross Tons and with Berths, was delivered in July 2022. We have Prima Class Ships on order, each ranging from approximately to Gross Tons with or more Berths, with currently scheduled delivery dates from 2023 through 2028. For the Regent brand, we have Explorer Class Ship on order to be delivered in 2023 , which will be approximately Gross Tons and Berths. For the Oceania Cruises brand, we have orders for Allura Class Ships to be delivered in 2023 and 2025. Each of the Allura Class Ships will be approximately Gross Tons and Berths. The impacts of COVID-19 on the shipyards where our ships are under construction (or will be constructed), Russia s ongoing invasion of Ukraine, initiatives to improve environmental sustainability and modifications the Company plans to make to its newbuilds and/or other macroeconomic events have resulted in delays in expected ship deliveries. These and other impacts could result in additional delays in ship deliveries in the future, which may be prolonged. 
 F-38 

Table of Contents 
 ships on order for delivery was approximately billion, or billion based on the euro/U.S. dollar exchange rate as of December 31, 2022. Subsequent to December 31, 2022, we have entered into amendments for our ships on order which increase the contract price by billion, or billion based on the euro/U.S. dollar exchange rate as of December 31, 2022 and revised the delivery date of ships. We have obtained or expect to obtain fixed rate export-credit backed financing for the ships on order which is expected to fund approximately of each contract price, subject to certain conditions. We do not anticipate any contractual breaches or cancellation to occur. However, if any such events were to occur, it could result in, among other things, the forfeiture of prior deposits or payments made by us and potential claims and impairment losses which may materially impact our business, financial condition and results of operations. 2024 2025 2026 2027 Thereafter Total minimum annual payments 2024 2025 2026 2027 Thereafter Total minimum annual payments Port Facility Commitments 2024 2025 2026 2027 Thereafter Total port facility future commitments Other Commitments The FMC requires evidence of financial responsibility for those offering transportation on passenger ships operating out of U.S. ports to indemnify passengers in the event of non-performance of the transportation. Accordingly, each of our brands is required to maintain a million third-party performance guarantee in respect of liabilities for non-performance of transportation and other obligations to passengers. The guarantee requirements are subject to additional consumer price index-based adjustments. In addition, our brands have a legal requirement to maintain security guarantees based on cruise business originated from the U.K., and we are required to establish financial responsibility by certain jurisdictions to meet liability in the event of non-performance of our obligations to passengers from those jurisdictions. As of December 31, 2022, we have in place 
 F-39 

Table of Contents 
 million of security guarantees for our brands as well as a consumer protection policy covering up to million. The Company has provided approximately million in cash to secure all the financial security guarantees required. From time to time, various other regulatory and legislative changes have been or may in the future be proposed that may have an effect on our operations in the U.S. and the cruise industry in general. Litigation Investigations In March 2020, the Florida Attorney General announced an investigation related to the Company s marketing during the COVID-19 pandemic. Following the announcement of the investigation by the Florida Attorney General, we received notifications from other attorneys general and governmental agencies that they are conducting similar investigations. The Company is cooperating with these ongoing investigations, the outcomes of which cannot be predicted at this time. Helms-Burton Act On August 27, 2019, lawsuits were filed against Norwegian Cruise Line Holdings Ltd. in the United States District Court for the Southern District of Florida under Title III of the Cuban Liberty and Solidarity (Libertad) Act of 1996, also known as the Helms-Burton Act. The complaint filed by Javier Garcia-Bengochea (the Garcia-Bengochea Matter alleges that he holds an interest in the Port of Santiago, Cuba, and the complaint filed by Havana Docks Corporation (the Havana Docks Matter alleges it holds an interest in the Havana Cruise Port Terminal, both of which were expropriated by the Cuban Government. The complaints further allege that the Company trafficked in those properties by embarking and disembarking passengers at these facilities, as well as profiting from the Cuban Government s possession of the property. The plaintiffs seek all available statutory remedies, including the value of the expropriated property, plus interest, treble damages, attorneys fees and costs. On September 1, 2020, the district court in the Garcia-Bengochea Matter entered an order staying all case deadlines and administratively closed the case pending the outcome of an appeal in a related case brought by the same plaintiff, in which the district court granted another cruise line defendant judgment on the pleadings. As to the appeal in the related case, in November 2022, the Eleventh Circuit issued an opinion affirming the dismissal and, on February 8, 2023, issued its mandate to the district court. The Company intends to take further action in the district court to dispose of its case due to the case being identically positioned to the related case which was dismissed. As a next step in that process, the parties plan to jointly seek further stay of the district court case pending the earlier of any of the following events: (1) the period within which plaintiff has to petition the United States Supreme Court for writ of certiorari (including any extensions) expires, (2) the United States Supreme Court denies any such petition for writ of certiorari, or (3) the case is resolved by action in United States Supreme Court. In the Havana Docks Matter, after various motions challenging the sufficiency of plaintiff s complaint were resolved and voluminous discovery was completed, both sides filed motions for summary judgment. On March 21, 2022, the court issued an order granting plaintiff s motion for summary judgment on the issue of liability and denying the Company s cross-motion for summary judgment. The court scheduled a trial on determination of damages only for November 2022. The plaintiff elected to seek what the court ruled to be its baseline statutory damage amount, which was the amount of the certified claim plus interest, trebled and with attorneys fees. Given this, there was no fact issue to be tried, and the matter was removed from the trial calendar. On December 30, 2022, the court entered a final judgment of approximately million and, on January 23, 2023, the Company filed a notice of appeal from that judgment. For the Havana Docks Matter, we believe that the likelihood of loss is reasonably possible but not probable at this time; therefore, no liability has been recorded. For the Garcia Bengochea Matter, we are unable to reasonably estimate any potential loss or range of losses. The ability to make such estimates and judgments can be affected by various factors including, among other things: lack of legal precedent, stage of the proceedings, legal uncertainties inherent within the litigation process, availment of appellate remedies, and involvement of numerous parties. We continue to believe we have meritorious defenses to these matters. However, if the plaintiffs prevail in the final outcome of these matters, there may be a material adverse impact on the Company s financial condition, results of operations and/or cash flows. Other We are a party to a claim against a vendor which has resulted in a verdict of approximately million in favor of the Company in October 2022. At this time, there can be no assurance that the Company will ultimately prevail in the final outcome of this claim as the vendor filed a notice of appeal in February 2023 and no receivable has been recognized. 
 F-40 

Table of Contents 
 billion in advance ticket sales as of December 31, 2022 that have been received by the Company relating to future voyages. These agreements allow the credit card processors to require under certain circumstances, including the existence of a material adverse change, excessive chargebacks and other triggering events, that the Company maintain a reserve which would be satisfied by posting collateral. Although the agreements vary, these requirements may generally be satisfied either through a percentage of customer payments withheld or providing cash funds directly to the card processor. Any cash reserve or collateral requested could be increased or decreased. As of December 31, 2022, we had cash reserves of approximately million with credit card processors of which approximately million is recognized in accounts receivable, net and approximately million in other long-term assets. As of December 31, 2022, a portion of the cash reserves is classified as long-term due to a change in terms to a static reserve, as currently required by a credit card processor, subject to periodic review. We may be required to pledge additional collateral and/or post additional cash reserves or take other actions that may reduce our liquidity. million, income of million, and expense of million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. In 2022 and 2021, the income was primarily due to gains from conversion options . In 2020, the expense was primarily due to losses from conversion options. million, million and million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively, which are recorded in payroll and related in our consolidated statements of operations. million. For the year ended December 31, 2022, we paid income taxes of million and interest and related fees, net of capitalized interest, of million including the early redemption premiums. For the year ended December 31, 2021, we had non-cash investing activities related to property and equipment of million. For the year ended December 31, 2021, we paid income taxes of million and interest and related fees, net of capitalized interest, of billion including the early redemption premiums. For the year ended December 31, 2020, we had non-cash investing activities in connection with property and equipment of million. Additionally, we received seller financing related to the acquisition of property and equipment resulting in both non-cash investing and financing activities of million. For the year ended December 31, 2020, we paid income taxes of million and interest and related fees, net of capitalized interest, of million. 
 F-41 

<EX-21.1>
 2
 nclc-20221231xex21d1.htm
 EX-21.1

Exhibit 21.1 List of Subsidiaries of NCL Corporation Ltd. 

Name of Subsidiary Jurisdiction of Incorporation or Organization Arrasas Limited Isle of Man Belize Island Holdings Ltd. Belize Breakaway Four, Ltd. Bermuda Breakaway One, Ltd. Bermuda Breakaway Three, Ltd. Bermuda Breakaway Two, Ltd. Bermuda Classic Cruises II, LLC Delaware Classic Cruises, LLC Delaware Eurosoft Corporation Limited United Kingdom Eurosoft Cruise Line (Shanghai) Co., Ltd. China Explorer II New Build, LLC Delaware Explorer III New Build, LLC Delaware Explorer New Build, LLC Delaware Insignia Vessel Acquisition, LLC Delaware Leonardo Five, Ltd. Bermuda Leonardo Four, Ltd. Bermuda Leonardo One, Ltd. Bermuda Leonardo Six, Ltd. Bermuda Leonardo Three, Ltd. Bermuda Leonardo Two, Ltd. Bermuda Marina New Build, LLC Republic of the Marshall Islands Mariner, LLC Republic of the Marshall Islands Nautica Acquisition, LLC Delaware Navigator Vessel Company, LLC Delaware NCL (Bahamas) Ltd. d/b/a Norwegian Cruise Line Bermuda NCL America Holdings, LLC Delaware NCL America LLC Delaware NCL Australia Pty Ltd. Australia NCL International, Ltd. Bermuda Norwegian Compass Ltd. United Kingdom Norwegian Cruise Co. Inc. Delaware Norwegian Cruise Line Group UK Limited (formerly Prestige Cruise Services (Europe) Limited) United Kingdom Norwegian Dawn Limited Isle of Man Norwegian Epic, Ltd. Bermuda Norwegian Gem, Ltd. Bermuda Norwegian Jewel Limited Isle of Man Norwegian Pearl, Ltd. Bermuda Norwegian Sextant Ltd. United Kingdom Norwegian Sky, Ltd. Bermuda Norwegian Spirit, Ltd. Bermuda Norwegian Star Limited Isle of Man Norwegian Sun Limited Bermuda O Class Plus One, LLC Delaware O Class Plus Two, LLC Delaware 

Oceania Cruises S. de R.L. (formerly Oceania Cruises, Inc.) Panama OCI Finance Corp. Delaware Prestige Cruise Holdings S. de R.L. (formerly Prestige Cruise Holdings, Inc.) Panama Prestige Cruise Services LLC Delaware Prestige Cruises Air Services, Inc. Florida Prestige Cruises International S. de R.L. (formerly Prestige Cruises International, Inc.) Panama Pride of America Ship Holding, LLC Delaware Pride of Hawaii, LLC Delaware Regatta Acquisition, LLC Delaware Riviera New Build, LLC Republic of the Marshall Islands Seahawk One, Ltd. Bermuda Seahawk Two, Ltd. Bermuda Seven Seas Cruises S. de R.L. Panama Sirena Acquisition Cayman Islands Sixthman Ltd. Bermuda SSC Finance Corp. Delaware Voyager Vessel Company, LLC Delaware NCL Finance, Ltd. Bermuda Norwegian Cruise Line Ag ncia de Viagens Ltda. Brazil Cruise Quality Travel Spain SL Spain NCL Construction Corp., Ltd. Bermuda NCL (Guernsey) Limited Guernsey NCLM Limited Malta Future Investments, Ltd. Bermuda Belize Investments Limited St. Lucia Krystalsea Limited British Virgin Islands NCLC Investments Canada Ltd. Canada NCL Singapore Pte. Ltd. Singapore Norwegian Cruise Line India Private Limited India NCL Japan KK Japan NCL HK Holding, Ltd. Bermuda NCL Hong Kong Limited Hong Kong NCL US IP CO 1, LLC Delaware NCL UK IP CO LTD UK NCL US IP CO 2, LLC Delaware Norwegian USCRA, Ltd. Bermuda Bermuda Tenders, Ltd. Bermuda Great Stirrup Cay Limited Bahamas Norwegian Cardinal Ltd United Kingdom NCL Holding AS Norway NCL Cruises Ltd. Bermuda Norwegian Cruise Line Group Italy S.r.l. Italy 

</EX-21.1>

<EX-31.1>
 3
 nclc-20221231xex31d1.htm
 EX-31.1

Exhibit 31.1 CERTIFICATION I, Frank J. Del Rio, certify that: 1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of NCL Corporation Ltd.; 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: a. Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; b. Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; c. Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and d. Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): a. All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and b. Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 20 

Dated: February 28, 2023 /s/ Frank J. Del Rio Name: Frank J. Del Rio Title: President and Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 4
 nclc-20221231xex31d2.htm
 EX-31.2

Exhibit 31.2 CERTIFICATION I, Mark A. Kempa, certify that: 1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of NCL Corporation Ltd.; 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: a. Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; b. Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; c. Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and d. Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): a. All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and b. Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Dated: February 28, 2023 /s/ Mark A. Kempa Name: Mark A. Kempa Title: Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 5
 nclc-20221231xex32d1.htm
 EX-32.1

Exhibit 32.1 CERTIFICATIONS OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER AND CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, each of Frank J. Del Rio, the President and Chief Executive Officer, and Mark A. Kempa, the Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, of NCL Corporation Ltd. (the Company ), does hereby certify, that, to such officer s knowledge: The Annual Report on Form 10-K of the Company, for the year ended December 31, 2022 (the Form 10-K ), fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and information contained in the Form 10-K fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. Dated: February 28, 2023 /s/ Frank J. Del Rio Name: Frank J. Del Rio Title: President and Chief Executive Officer /s/ Mark A. Kempa Name: Mark A. Kempa Title: Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-101.SCH>
 6
 nclc-20221231.xsd
 EX-101.SCH

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 8
 nclc-20221231_def.xml
 EX-101.DEF

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 9
 nclc-20221231_lab.xml
 EX-101.LAB

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 10
 nclc-20221231_pre.xml
 EX-101.PRE

</EX-101.PRE>

