<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230331_10-K_edgar_data_1282980_0001839882-23-008634.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>2062737</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>84712</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>425239</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>618559</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>376239</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>501742</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>7</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001839882-23-008634.hdr.sgml : 20230331
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230331165946
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001839882-23-008634
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		39
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230331
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230331

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			NOVINT TECHNOLOGIES INC
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001282980
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	COMPUTER PERIPHERAL EQUIPMENT, NEC [3577]
		IRS NUMBER:				850461778
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-51783
		FILM NUMBER:		23788888

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		480 JOHNSON ROAD
		STREET 2:		SUITE 200
		CITY:			WASHINGTON
		STATE:			PA
		ZIP:			15301
		BUSINESS PHONE:		724-206-1500

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		480 JOHNSON ROAD
		STREET 2:		SUITE 200
		CITY:			WASHINGTON
		STATE:			PA
		ZIP:			15301

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001839882-23-008634.txt : 20230331

10-K
 1
 nvnt-10k_123122.htm
 ANNUAL REPORT

UNITED
STATES 

 SECURITIES
AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

 WASHINGTON,
D.C. 20549 

FORM 

(Mark
One) 

Annual Report Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 

 For
the Fiscal Year Ended 

Transition Report Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 

 For
the transition period from ____ to ____ 

Commission
File No. 

(Exact
name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

(State
 or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) 
 
 (IRS
 Employer Identification No.) 

, , 

(Address
 of principal executive offices) 
 
 (Zip
 Code) 

(Registrant s
telephone number, including area code) 

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: None 

 Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: Common Stock, par value 0.0001 per share 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. 
Yes 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange
Act. Yes 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the
Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to
file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate website, if any, every Interactive
Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T during the preceding 12 months (or for
such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files). No 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, smaller reporting
company, or an emerging growth company. See definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, 
 smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large
 accelerated filer 
 
 Accelerated
 filer 

Smaller
reporting company 
 Emerging
growth company 

If
an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for
complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). 
No 

As
of June 30, 2022, the last business day of the registrant s most recently completed second fiscal quarter, the aggregate
market value of shares of common stock held by non-affiliates of the registrant (without admitting that any person whose shares
are not included in such calculation is an affiliate), computed by reference to the closing bid price of such shares on the OTC
was . 

As
of March 31, 2023, the registrant had shares of common stock, par value 0.0001 per share, outstanding. 

TABLE
OF CONTENTS 

PART I 

Item 1. 
 Description of the Business 
 4 
 
 Item 1A. 
 Risk Factors 
 9 
 
 Item 1B. 
 Unresolved Staff Comments 
 9 
 
 Item 2. 
 Properties 
 9 
 
 Item 3. 
 Legal Proceedings 
 9 
 
 Item 4. 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 9 
 
 PART II 

Item 5. 
 Market for the Registrant's Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 9 
 
 Item 6. 
 Selected Financial Data 
 9 
 
 Item 7. 
 Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 10 
 
 Item 7A. 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 12 
 
 Item 8. 
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 13 
 
 Item 9. 
 Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosures 
 13 
 
 Item 9A. 
 Controls and Procedures 
 13 
 
 Item 9B. 
 Other Information 
 14 
 
 PART III 

Item 10. 
 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 14 
 
 Item 11. 
 Executive Compensation 
 16 
 
 Item 12. 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholders 
 16 
 
 Item 13. 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 18 
 
 Item 14. 
 Principal Accounting Fees and Services 
 18 
 
 PART IV 

Item 15. 
 Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 
 19 

SIGNATURES 
 20 

2 

CAUTIONARY
NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 

This
Annual Report on Form 10-K contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform
Act of 1995. All statements other than statements of historical facts contained in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, or Form 10-K,
including statements regarding our future results of operations and financial position, business strategy, prospective products,
product approvals, research and development costs, timing and likelihood of success, plans and objectives of management for future
operations and future results of anticipated products, are forward-looking statements. 

In
some cases, you can identify forward-looking statements by terms such as may, will, should, 
 expect, plan, anticipate, could, intend, target, 
 project, contemplate, believe, estimate, predict, potential 
or continue or the negative of these terms or other similar expressions. These forward-looking statements are only
predictions. We have based these forward-looking statements largely on our current expectations and projections about future events
and financial trends that we believe may affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. All forward-looking
statements speak only as of the date of this Form 10-K, are expressly qualified in their entirety by the cautionary statements
included in this Form 10-K and are subject to a number of risks, uncertainties and assumptions, including those described under
the sections in this Form 10-K entitled Risk Factors and Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial
Condition and Results of Operations and elsewhere in this Form 10-K. 

Further,
any forward-looking statement speaks only as of the date on which it is made. New risk factors and uncertainties may emerge from
time to time, and it is not possible for management to predict all risk factors and uncertainties, or how they may affect us.
Except as required by law, we do not intend to update or revise the forward-looking statements in this Form 10-K after the date
of this Form 10-K, whether as a result of any new information, future events, changed circumstances or otherwise. This Form 10-K
also contains market data related to our business and industry. This market data includes projections that are based on a number
of assumptions. If these assumptions turn out to be incorrect, actual results may differ from the projections based on these assumptions.
As a result, our markets may not grow at the rates projected by these data, or at all. The failure of these markets to grow at
these projected rates may have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and the market
price of our common stock. 

3 

PART
I 

ITEM
1. BUSINESS. 

Novint
Timeline and Detailed Business Description 

Novint
Technologies (Other OTC: NVNT) Novint , the Company , we , our , us was incorporated in the State of New Mexico as Novint Technologies, Inc. in April 1999. On February 26, 2002, the Company changed
its state of incorporation to Delaware by merging into Novint Technologies, Inc., a Delaware corporation. 

The
Company was formed with the goal of commercializing haptics technology by developing a revolutionary haptic game controller for
computer video gaming and other computer applications based on technology licensed from Sandia National Laboratories Sandia ),
one of three National Nuclear Security Administration research and development laboratories in the United States. Sandia is managed
and operated by the National Technology and Engineering Solutions of Sandia LLC, a wholly owned subsidiary of Honeywell International,
Inc. Haptics technologies allow people to use their sense of touch to interact with computers. 

Initially,
the Company derived revenue primarily from developing professional applications for customers, including Aramco, Lockheed Martin,
Chrysler, Chevron and Sandia. Beginning in 2007, the Company began to derive revenue primarily from the sale to customers of the
consumer Falcon product (described in the sections below), and the associated grips, or handles that are shaped
to mirror the application simulated by the Falcon product (e.g., a gun handle, a sword handle, or a steering wheel) and the sale
or license of specially enabled computer games designed to be used with the Falcon. 

In
2007, we commercially released the Novint Falcon game controller, which uses patented nano-vibrations to create different textures
and feels that allow users to experience a realistic and detailed sense of touch, referred to as a haptic 
feel, when using video games and other computer applications.. Holding its handle, users feel the shapes, textures, weight, dimension
and force feedback effects in software games that have been enabled to work with the Falcon. These feelings , which
are felt in the hand of the user that is holding the Falcon controller, are generated by tiny nano vibrations that create sensations
that simulate the real-life sensation of touch, as opposed to providing simple vibrations and feedback like Rumble Strip based
joysticks developed by Immersion Corporation (IMMR). For example, a person can feel the difference between a piece of rubber or
wool as he holds the handle of the Falcon and runs over the different materials on the screen. When firing a gun, the person gets
a kickback and feeling based on the type of gun that is being fired. When a person is hit onscreen, the person feels the type
of hit and from what direction the hit came. When a person catches a baseball in a glove, the person feels like the ball is landing
in the glove. The feelings are almost surreal and frightening at times. It is difficult to describe the experience without feeling
it firsthand. The Falcon and its haptics technology, games and applications provide the crucial missing third sense 
to human computer interaction. In late 2006, BusinessWeek wrote that Novint s haptic controller, the Falcon, looks
set to revolutionize gaming. 

In
2007, the Company began shipping the Falcon to commercial retailers and distributors in the U.S., including Fry s, Tiger
Direct, and J R Music Store. Additionally, in the fourth quarter of 2007, Novint opened its online store for the sale of the
Falcon, and computer games integrated to work with the Falcon. Customers could download games for use with the Falcon by going
to the Company s website and purchasing the haptics enabled games. The Company developed many of its own gaming titles.
Also, the Company licensed several better-known game titles. The Company s programmers haptically enabled these titles to
take advantage of the haptic feedback and sensations when using the Falcon controller. Novint s programmers added the haptic
parts to the play of the programming code of these games using manual customization. We have commercialized over 45 gaming titles
available for use with the Falcon controller since 2007. We are free to sell or provide the internally developed gaming titles
as an accompanying software bonus along with the Falcon, not subject to any license agreement or royalty obligation. 

The
licensing agreements with various gaming software providers have expired and are treated as terminated. The license agreement
referenced in Note 4, which accounts for the contingent accrued royalties shown on the Company s Balance Sheet for the year
ended December 31, 2022, is an agreement dated January 4, 2004, as amended on July 24, 2007, between Novint Technologies, Inc.
and Force Dimension, LLC, based in Switzerland. The Company treats the agreement as terminated without any further royalty obligation
on the basis that Force Dimension, LLC committed a material breach of the agreement by failing to deliver the deliverables specified
in the agreement. Our determination that Force Dimension committed a material breach is based on extensive due diligence, including
examining related documents, and interviews with prior management and employees. In accordance with ASC 405-20, the contingent
liability for unpaid royalties remains on the Company s Balance Sheet for the year ended December 31, 2022 because there
was never an official termination. 

4 

Although
we sold thousands of Falcon units since 2007 and released dozens of software titles that were optimized to work with the Falcon,
sales of the Falcon controller struggled and failed to reach a critical mass, which continues to this day. We believe that the
titles were not released fast enough to satisfy consumer demand and that the cost of acquiring rights to game titles and haptically
enabling the software was too large of a challenge for us. Additionally, we were not successful in securing a strategic partner
to help us market the Falcon more effectively and assist with the huge software development efforts that were necessary for successful
market penetration. 

From
time to time, we engaged in discussions with larger commercial partners and performed R D under contract for larger companies
with the goal of obtaining assistance for commercial product development. None of these efforts were successful and there can
be no assurances that we will be able to find partners to assist us in successfully commercializing our products. In addition,
pursuant to the 2015 Patent Sale and License Agreement described below, there are extensive restrictions on our ability to engage
commercial partners on a go forward basis. However, we retain the right to enter into manufacturing arrangements to produce certain
Falcon products for others or engage contract manufacturers to produce certain Falcon products on our behalf. The permitted Falcon
products are limited to Falcon products that are based solely on designs existing at the time of the 2015 Patent Sale and License
Agreement, as well as the unreleased next generation designs of the Company s Xio products (described below). 

From
time to time, we engage in discussions with potential strategic partners for the purpose of effecting a merger, share exchange,
asset acquisition, share purchase, reorganization or similar business combination Business Combination ). We have
reviewed several opportunities to enter into a Business Combination but none of our reviews has resulted in a binding agreement.
There can be no assurances that we will be able to find a suitable strategic partner or successfully negotiate and enter into
any binding agreement regarding a Business Combination. 

Force
Tek Transaction 

In
April 2011, Novint merged with Force Tek Technologies, LLC Force Tek ), a company founded by serial entrepreneur
Shannon Vissman, which developed a full arm controller with forced feedback that could be used for gaming. Novint and Force Tek
initially met at a gaming conference where the companies recognized the potential of merging their complementary technologies
into a single unified gaming controller that had much of the haptic feedback of the Falcon, but in a portable controller that
fits on a user s arm. The combined company continued to be known as Novint. 

Following
the 2011 merger, Shannon Vissman and Ryan Christoff joined the Company s Board of Directors (the Board ), replacing
Brian Long and Jan Richardson. On October 24, 2011, Tom Anderson resigned as CEO and was replaced by Shannon Vissman. In connection
with the merger, all debt of the Company was either repaid or converted to equity. Mr. Vissman, and to a lesser extent Mr. Christoff,
provided equity funding of approximately 3 million at a fixed price per share. This funding was used to merge R D teams and
to create a next generation game controller with the combined technologies, called the Xio, while continuing to support the Company s
sales of the Falcon controller and related accessories and software. The integration work for the Xio was never completed, though
various prototypes were developed. During this time, Novint performed custom haptic projects related to Xio prototypes for customers,
including the US army, but these efforts failed to generate significant business opportunities and the Company was unsuccessful
in obtaining any commercial production contracts as a result of this work. 

In
connection with the merger, the Company assumed the license agreement dated April 6, 2009 among Force Tek, as licensee, and Inverse
Technology Corporation and Kinetecs, Inc., as licensors (the Force Tek License ). Pursuant to the Force Tek License,
Force Tek paid an initial payment and incurred an obligation to pay royalties based on sales of products that utilize the licensed
technology, which may be used in the Xio product, in which case the Company would be required to pay royalties on commercial sales
of the Xio product. There can be no assurances that we will successfully commercialize the Xio product. 

In
August 2013, Brian Long, Jan Richardson, Tom Anderson and Shannon Vissman resigned from the Board, and Orin Hirschman and Martin
Chopp joined the Board to serve alongside Ryan Christoff. The Company issued and sold 55,180 of senior secured debt to support
operations. Since that time, we have worked to preserve cash and reduce expenses while continuing to sell small amounts of Falcons
and related accessories and software titles, with a goal of preserving cash. Simultaneously, we initiated a process to explore
ways to further realize value from Novint s patent portfolio, the Falcon hardware and related software, and the our next
generation Xio product. 

5 

In
June 2015, after an extensive process, Novint sold 5 patents and sublicensed 5 patents to an undisclosed technology company for
a 750,000 upfront payment, and a potential second payment of 750,000 upon waiver of assignment from the DOE to Sandia (the 2015
Patent Sale and License Agreement ). The second payment was paid in July 2016. Net of broker fees, legal expenses and payments
to Sandia to release their rights to the IP, we received net proceeds of 699,714. We retained a non-transferable license that
allows us to continue selling Falcon products that are based solely on their designs existing at the time of the 2015 Patent Sale
and License Agreement (the Permitted Falcon Products and next generation devices, such as the Xio. 

Since
that time, Novint has continued selling small amounts of Permitted Falcon Products and related software and accessories while
engaging in discussions with potential partners on Permitted Falcon Products and Xio products and studying other ways to realize
value from these products. Management believes that Novint was too early in trying to pioneer the market for a consumer haptic
controller. One of the major disadvantages of the original Falcon design highlighted by customers and potential commercial partners
was its size and weight and the need for the controller to be sitting on a desktop. The Xio product, our next generation product
that is developed but not completed, addresses this issue by being lightweight and strapping onto the hand and forearm. The product
is not ready for commercial release and there can be no assurances that the product will be completed or commercially released
in the future. 

Principal
Products Falcon 

The
Falcon is an extensible, grounded (e.g., desktop), three-dimensional (3D) haptic interaction device. It is a compact robotic device
with characteristics optimized for real-time force-feedback and tactile interaction. The Falcon was specifically developed for
consumer applications with an emphasis on interactive gaming.. The Novint Falcon was designed to be used for both PC and console
gaming. All that is required to interface to the device is some form of serial interface (wired or wireless). Novint has also
created in-lab prototypes of the Falcon that would be directly connected to gaming consoles. Additionally, the performance characteristics
of the Falcon device are such that it has seen some wider application in fields such as education, medicine, scientific visualization,
robotics and tele-robotics 

The
current consumer version of the Falcon consists of the Main Unit, a Stand and a Grip or end effector. The Main Unit
is capable of generating high-fidelity, high-bandwidth, 3D forces and accurately sensing 3D position in real-time within its working
envelope. The Main Unit has on-board computational capabilities and is programmed by and communicates with a host computer or
system via a bi-directional USB communication interface. It is typically powered using an external DC power supply. 

The
Main Unit has a modular, quick connect/disconnect, electromechanical interface (i.e., the Grip Interface) that allows various
grips to be mounted to it. This interface allows a grip to be mechanically connected to the Main Unit and provides electrical
power and communication with the grip. When the Falcon is utilized as a haptic interaction device, it is the grip that the end-user
actually grasps and uses to interact with the device. 

The
Grips themselves have arbitrary shapes and functions. A Grip simply has to adhere to the mechanical and electrical constraints
of the Grip Interface. Grips typically use on-board computational elements to report their state to the Main Unit via the serial
communication channel of the Grip Interface. Two typical consumer grips are a general-purpose spherical interface and a pistol
shaped grip typically used for game play and interaction. These grips have various buttons and communicate their identity as well
as button state via the Grip Interface to the Main Unit. The Main Unit is modularly mounted on a Stand. Consumer units are typically
shipped with a U stand. The Falcon Main Unit can be mounted, however, on any stand or object that provides the appropriate
mechanical interface and fasteners. 

The
Falcon communicates with a host computer or system via a bi-directional USB communication interface at a 1 KHz data rate. Drivers
and APIs/SDKs on the host side allow haptic interaction to be incorporated or added to various applications across various markets. 

Subsequent
to the introduction of the current consumer Falcon haptic interface device, there have been a variety of improvements, features
and options to the design of the device, which the Company has implemented on a limited number of units for specific customers.
Other significant changes have been designed for the device as product improvements or model variations. These changes to the
device design have not yet made it to the consumer version of the device but could do so given appropriate funding, timing and
markets. For example, the current capstan cable drive mechanism for the Falcon utilizes a single spring tensioner. Under high-speed
motions, this approach results in unequal cable tension between the cable on one side of the capstan and the other, potentially
leading to slippage of the cable relative to the capstan when motor direction is abruptly reversed after a high-speed run. A drive
system that helps guarantee balanced cable tension is one of the pre-planned product improvements for the Falcon. Another example
is the potential to decrease the electronics cost. The current consumer Falcon utilizes a Digital Signal Processor (DSP), and
other electronics elements to implement the Falcon s processing and communication system. Significant effort has been undertaken
in designs where an ASIC is used for a major portion of these processing and communication requirements. This design will allow
more economical production of the Falcon for larger volume production runs. 

6 

There
are other areas of potential improvement to the Falcon. The current consumer Falcon is relatively compact compared to other arm
mechanisms. The radial twist employed in the arm design decreases the radial cross section of the device. Physical
layout of the electronics is also optimized to decrease size. In addition, the U-shaped base helps to decrease the apparent size
of the device. Nonetheless, further decreasing the apparent and real volume of the device is desirable for increased consumer
acceptance. Ideally, this decrease would also reduce the manufacturing cost for the Falcon. Novint has outlined a fundamental
approach where most of the encasing plastic for the Falcon Main Unit will be removed and the underlying plastic frame for the
Falcon will be modified to be the exterior of the device as well as supporting the device mechanisms and electronics. This will
significantly decrease the apparent size and volume of the Falcon. It also provides significant additional shape, color and opacity
options to the appearance of the Falcon Main Unit, including clear plastic options where the internal mechanisms and electronics
are visible. 

A
significant amount of effort has been taken in the design of potential consumer grips. One major class of effort has revolved
around variations in general purpose grips for ergonomic and functional improvements. A significant number of custom variations
of the Falcon have been designed and built over time. Typically, these developments have been for customers in the professional 
sectors (e.g., medicine, telerobotics, and scientific visualization). These variations have been based on the current consumer
Falcon design and can easily be incorporated into the standard Falcon line when appropriate. 

Novint
has made several custom variations to the Falcon for specific customers and use cases. As part of its custom efforts, we have
developed improved control algorithms for the Falcon Main Unit that allow higher peak forces to be generated or lower forces to
be maintained for longer periods of time. These developments are embodied in custom units referred to as Super Falcons .
Fundamentally, these improvements involve changes to the timing and pulse-width modulation motor control used in the control algorithms
run on the Falcon Main Unit s DSP. No changes to Falcon hardware are required. This allows a Super Falcon 
to be sold to consumers when appropriate. In addition, several fundamentally new Grip designs for the Falcon have been developed
for custom customer applications. Consumer versions of these designs are possible. 

In
addition to the Falcon device, we have developed and sold software and demonstrations for all gaming genres including Action,
Adventure, Fighting, Racing, Simulation, Sport, Strategy, Parlor, Massively Multiplayer Online (MMO) and Miscellaneous (e.g.,
board games, pinball). Also, we have created a number of haptically enabled software applications that allow the Falcon to be
utilized for many non-gaming uses. For example, Novint has developed medical simulation software for various injection procedures,
including Epidural injections, Synvisc injection, Depo-Medrol injection and other injections. Novint has also developed
software applications that allow a user to feel as well as see medical data. For example, CT Scan data can be probed using the
Falcon, and the difference between soft tissue and bone can be felt. Novint s medical applications have typically been used
both for medical marketing and procedure familiarization or training. In addition, Novint has developed specific software for
marketing purposes that works with the Falcon. For example, Novint modified a game for Anheuser-Busch to use during its on-site
marketing campaigns. Novint has also developed software applications where a Falcon s motion is controlled via software
or in real time using another (remote) Falcon. 

7 

Other
Haptic Companies and Competition 

Developments
over the last several years create the potential for more consumer interest in haptic devices and controllers. In 2016, Facebook
released the Oculus Rift Virtual Reality (VR) headset at a sub 1,000 price point, which a consumer can wear on his/her head and
experience virtual reality. HTC, a market leader in VR, sells a similar headset. Both companies sell companion hand controllers
that are are small and lightweight, but offer limited haptic feedback compared to the Falcon. 

Over
the last few years, and in particular in very recent periods, there have been a number of start-up companies working on new haptic
controllers, including handheld devices that are similar to the controllers sold by Facebook and HTC, as well as more elaborate
wearable haptic controllers, including gloves. These devices are more similar to Novint s next generation Xio design and
are more elaborate than the handheld controllers currently on the market. The sudden surge in development in this area suggests
that the field is beginning to gain more interest following the commercial releases of the Oculus Rift and HTC products as well
as similar headsets that are being introduced by other companies. 

There
are many companies producing VR and haptic devices that compete with or may compete in the future with the Falcon and Xio. Some
of the companies that may be competitive include: 

Immersion
 Corporation (NASDAQ: IMMR) is primarily a 1D or 2D haptics hardware company (a Haptic
 computer interaction in which forces are mechanically displayed to a user in 1 or 2 directions
 of movement; examples are force feedback joysticks and force feedback mice). Immersion
 has acquired other haptics device companies, such as Cybernet, Haptech and Virtual Technologies. 

VRgluv,
 based in Atlanta, Georgia, offers a haptic glove for controlling virtual reality systems,
 such as the Occulus Rift and HTC Vive. The glove has sensors throughout as well as force
 feedback and appears to provide a very robust user experience. VRgluv appears be directly
 competitive with our Xio product. 

Microsoft
 offers several haptic devices that simply vibrate and rumble, such as the control pads
 for their Xbox systems. Microsoft may be working on various haptic controllers to complement
 the company s Hololens Virtual Reality headset that it has begun selling. 

Logitech
 sells haptics mice, wheels, and joysticks licensed from Immersion, which are primarily
 used for gaming. Logitech s haptics products are two-dimensional and do not offer
 as many features as the Falcon. 

Employees 

As
of March 31, 2023, we do not have any full-time employees in our workforce. 

Corporate
and Available Information 

Novint
Technologies was incorporated in the State of New Mexico as Novint Technologies, Inc. in April 1999. On February 26, 2002, the
Company changed its state of incorporation to Delaware by merging into Novint Technologies, Inc., a Delaware corporation. The
Company s principal executive offices are located at 100 Merrick Road Suite 400W, Rockville Center, NY 11570. The
Company s telephone number is (866) 298-4420, and its website address is www.novint.com . 

The
information contained in, or accessible through our website does not constitute a part of and is not deemed or otherwise incorporated
by reference in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. The Company s Annual Reports on Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q,
Current Reports on Form 8-K, and all amendments to those reports, are available free of charge through the Investors 
SEC Filings section of the Company s website as soon as reasonably practicable after such materials have been electronically
filed with, or furnished to, the Securities and Exchange Commission. The Company s shares of common stock are listed on
Other OTC under the symbol NVNT. 

8 

ITEM
1A. RISK FACTORS 

Not
required to be provided by smaller reporting companies. 

ITEM
1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS 

None. 

ITEM
2. PROPERTIES 

Currently,
the Company does not lease or own any real property. 

ITEM
3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 

From
time to time, the Company may become involved in various lawsuits and legal proceedings which arise in the ordinary course of
business. However, litigation is subject to inherent uncertainties, and an adverse result in these or other matters may arise
from time to time that may harm our business. The Company is not presently a party to any material litigation, nor to the knowledge
of management is any litigation threatened against the Company, which may materially affect the Company or its results of operations
.. 

ITEM
4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 

Not
applicable. 

PART II 

ITEM
5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 

Market
Information 

The
Company s common stock is listed on OTC Other under the symbol NVNT. 

Stockholders 

As
of March 31, 2023, there were 168 stockholders of record of the Company s 202,308,728 outstanding shares of common stock.
This number does not reflect persons or entities that hold their stock in nominee or street name through various
brokerage firms. 

Dividends 

We
have never declared or paid dividends on our common stock and management does not anticipate the payment of any cash dividends
for the foreseeable future. 

Unregistered
Sales of Equity Securities 

None. 

Issuer
Purchases of Equity Securities 

None. 

ITEM
6. SELECTED FINANCIAL DATA 

Not
applicable. 

9 

ITEM
7. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 

The
following discussion and analysis should be read in conjunction with the Consolidated Financial Statements included elsewhere
in this report and the Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements above. 

Overview 

Novint
Technologies, Inc. Novint , the Company , we , our , us was
originally incorporated in the State of New Mexico in April 1999. On February 26, 2002, the Company changed its state of incorporation
to Delaware by merging with Novint Technologies, Inc., a Delaware corporation. This merger was accounted for as a reorganization. 

Nature
of Business 

The
Company currently is engaged in the development and sale of 3D haptics products and equipment. Haptics refers to one s sense
of touch. Our focus is in the consumer interactive computer gaming market, but we conduct project work in other non-gaming areas
as well. 

Our
principal product is the Falcon, an extensible, grounded (e.g., desktop), three-dimensional (3D) haptic interaction device with
characteristics optimized for real-time force-feedback and tactile interaction. Additionally, we have developed but not yet commercialized
the Xio product, a next generation, full arm, game controller with forced feedback. Currently, we are focused on engaging in discussions
with potential partners and studying other ways to realize value from the Falcon and Xio products. 

CRITICAL
ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ESTIMATES 

Use
of Estimates and Assumptions 

The
preparation of financial statements in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America
requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure
of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses
during the reporting period. The most significant estimates and assumptions made in the preparation of the financial statements
relate to accrued royalties and contingent consideration. Actual results could differ from those estimates. 

Cash
and Cash Equivalents 

The
Company considers all highly liquid investments purchased with maturities of three months or less to be cash equivalents. The
Company maintains cash balances at financial institutions that are insured by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation FDIC up to federally insured limits. At times, balances may exceed FDIC insured limits. The Company has not experienced any losses
in such accounts. 

Revenue
and Cost Recognition 

In
May 2014, the Financial Accounting Standards Board FASB issued Accounting Standards Update ASU No. 2014-09, Revenue from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606), and has since issued amendments thereto (collectively referred
to as ASC 606 ). The core principle of ASC 606 is that an entity should recognize revenue to depict the transfer
of promised goods or services to customers in an amount that reflects the consideration to which the entity expects to be entitled
in exchange for those goods or services, and the guidance defines a five-step process to achieve this core principle. The five-step
process to achieve this principle is as follows: (i) identify the contract(s) with a customer, (ii) identify the performance obligations
in the contract(s), (iii) determine the transaction price, (iv) allocate the transaction price to the performance obligations
in the contract(s), and (v) recognize revenue when, or as, the entity satisfies a performance obligation. ASC 606 also mandates
additional disclosure about the nature, amount, timing and uncertainty of revenues and cash flows arising from customer contracts,
including significant judgments and changes in judgments and assets recognized from costs incurred to obtain or fulfill a contract. 

10 

Revenue
from product sales relates to the sale of the Falcon haptics interface, which is a human-computer user interface and related accessories.
The Falcon allows the user to experience the sense of touch when using a computer, while holding its interchangeable handle. The
Falcons are manufactured by an unrelated party. Revenue from product sales is recognized when the products are shipped to the
customer and the Company has earned the right to receive and retain reasonable assured payments for the products sold and delivered.
Consequently, if all these revenue from product sales requirements are not met, such sales will be recorded as deferred revenue
until such time as all revenue recognition requirements are met. 

During
the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company did not purchase any production materials or sell any products. 

Income
Taxes 

The
Company accounts for its income taxes under the provisions of ASC Topic 740, Income Taxes . The method of accounting
for income taxes under ASC 740 is an asset and liability method which requires recognition of deferred tax assets and liabilities
for the expected future tax consequences of events that have been included in the financial statements or tax returns. Under this
method, deferred tax assets and liabilities are based on the differences between the financial statement and tax bases of assets
and liabilities using enacted tax rates in effect for the year in which the differences are expected to reverse. Deferred tax
assets are reduced by a valuation allowance to the extent management concludes it is more likely than not that the assets will
not be realized. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured using enacted tax rates expected to apply to taxable income
in the years in which those temporary differences are expected to be recovered or settled. The effect on deferred tax assets and
liabilities of a change in tax rates is recognized in the Statements of Operations in the period that includes the enactment date. 

Fair
Value of Financial Instruments 

The
Company follows the Financial Accounting Standards Board FASB Accounting Standards Codification ASC for disclosures about fair value of its financial instruments and to measure the fair value of its financial instruments. The
FASB ASC establishes a fair value hierarchy which prioritizes the inputs to valuation techniques used to measure fair value into
three broad levels. The three levels of fair value hierarchy are described below: 

Level
1: Quoted market prices available in active markets for identical assets or liabilities as of the reporting date. 

Level
2: Pricing inputs other than quoted prices in active markets included in Level 1, which are either directly or indirectly observable
as of the reporting date. 

Level
3: Pricing inputs that are generally observable inputs and not corroborated by market data. 

Financial
assets are considered Level 3 when their fair values are determined using pricing models, discounted cash flow methodologies or
similar techniques and at least one significant model assumption or input is unobservable. 

The
carrying amounts of the Company s financial assets and liabilities, including cash, prepaid expenses, accounts payable,
accrued expenses and related liabilities, approximate their fair values because of the short maturity of these instruments. 

RESULTS
OF OPERATIONS 

Year
Ended December 31, 2022 Compared to the Year Ended December 31, 2021 

Revenues 

Year
 Ended December 31, 

2022 

2021 

Change 

Revenue 

2,568 

(2,568) 

During
the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company did not earn any revenue. During the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company earned
revenue of 2,568 from Falcon sales. 

Operating
Expenses 

Year
 Ended December 31, 

2022 

2021 

Change 

Operating
 Expenses 

178,736 

172,870 

5,866 

Operating
Expenses for the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, were 178,736 and 172,870, respectively, an increase of 5,866 or 3 .
The increase was primarily due to an increase in professional fees relating to regular filings with the SEC. 

11 

Other
Expense 

Year
 Ended December 31, 

2022 

2021 

Change 

Other
 Expense 

14 

207 

(193) 

Other
expenses for the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, were 14 and 207, respectively, a decrease of 193 or 93 . The decrease
was primarily due to a decrease in finance charges of 193 in 2022. 

Net
Loss 

Year
 Ended December 31, 

2022 

2021 

Change 

Net
 Loss 

(178,750) 

(170,509) 

(8,241) 

Net
loss for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, were 178,750 and 170,509, respectively, an increase of 8,241. The decrease
was primarily due to an increase in operating expenses. We expect to continue to incur expenses and operating losses for the foreseeable
future. Our net loss may fluctuate significantly from quarter to quarter and year to year. 

Impact
of Inflation 

The
impact of inflation upon our revenue and income / (loss) from operations during each of the past two fiscal years has not been
material to our financial position or results of operations for those years. 

Liquidity
and Capital Resources 

Management
has evaluated whether there is substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern and has determined that substantial
doubt exists as of the date of this filing. This determination is based on the following: the Company has incurred recurring losses
and at December 31, 2022, had an accumulated deficit of 41,803,380 and a working capital deficit of 723,856 and sustained a
net loss of 178,750 for the year ended December 31, 2022. In the opinion of management, these factors, among others, raise substantial
doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern. The Company s continuation as a going concern is contingent upon
its ability to obtain additional financing and to generate revenue and cash flow to meet its obligations on a timely basis. The
Company will continue to seek additional funding through debt or equity financing during the next twelve months. While the Company
believes in the viability of generating revenues from the sale of its products and in its ability to raise additional funds, there
can be no assurances to that effect. 

The
financial statements have been prepared on a going concern basis, which contemplates the realization of assets and the satisfaction
of liabilities in the normal course of business. 

Cash
Flow Activities 

As
of December 31, 2022, we had a total cash balance of 55,081. Our cash flow from operating activities for the fiscal year ended
December 31, 2022 resulted in net cash used in operating activities of 130,854 compared with net cash used in operating activities
of 136,097 for the previous year ended December 31, 2021. We did not have any cash flow from investing activities or financing
activities for the years ended December 31, 2022 or 2021. 

Contractual
Obligations 

We
do not currently have fixed contractual obligations or commitments that include future estimated payments. 

Off-Balance
Sheet Arrangements 

We
do not have any off-balance sheet arrangements that have or are reasonably likely to have a current or future effect on our financial
condition, changes in financial condition, revenues or expenses, results of operations, liquidity, capital expenditures, or capital
resources that is material to our investors. We have no guarantees or obligations other than those that arise out of our ordinary
business operations. 

Recent
Accounting Standards 

See
Item 15 Note 2 to the Consolidated Financial Statements, Summary of Significant Accounting Policies, for a discussion
of recent accounting standards. 

ITEM
7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 

We
are a smaller reporting company. Accordingly, we are not required to provide the information required by this Item. 

12 

ITEM
8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 

See
our consolidated financial statements filed with this Annual Report on Form 10-K under Item 15 below. 

ITEM
9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE 

None 

ITEM
9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 

(a) 
 Evaluation
 of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 

Our
management, with the participation and supervision of our Principal Executive Officer, who also is our Principal Financial Officer,
are responsible for our disclosure controls and procedures pursuant to Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934, as amended, or the Exchange Act. Disclosure controls and procedures are controls and other procedures that are designed
to ensure that information required to be disclosed in our reports filed or submitted under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed,
summarized and reported, within the time periods specified under the Securities and Exchange Commission s rules and forms.
Disclosure controls and procedures include controls and procedures designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed
in our reports filed under the Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated to its principal executive officer and its principal
financial officer, as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 

Our
management, including our Principal Executive Officer who is also our Principal Financial Officer, conducted an evaluation of
the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures as of December 31, 2022. Based on this evaluation, our Principal Executive
Officer concluded that as of December 31, 2022, our disclosure controls and procedures were not effective at a reasonable assurance
level due to the material weaknesses identified in our internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022 (discussed
in paragraph (b) to this Item 9A), which our management views as an integral part of our disclosure controls and procedures. 

(b) 
 Management s
 Annual Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting 

Our
management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting. Internal control
over financial reporting is defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, as
a process designed by, or under the supervision of our Chief Executive Officer who is also our Principal Financial Officer and
effected by our Board of Directors, management and other personnel to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of
financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting
principles. Our internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that: 

pertain
 to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions
 of the assets of the Company; 

provide
 reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance
 with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of ours are being made only in accordance
 with authorizations of our management and directors; and 

provide
 reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition of our assets
 that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 

Because
of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Projections of
any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes
in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 

13 

A
material weakness is a significant deficiency, or combination of significant deficiencies, that results in there being more than
a remote likelihood that a material misstatement of the annual or interim financial statements will not be prevented or detected
on a timely basis by management or employees in the normal course of performing their assigned functions. 

Our
management assessed the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022. Management s
assessment identified the following material weaknesses in our internal control over financial reporting: lack of segregation
of duties due to lack of sufficient accounting and finance personnel, lack of sufficient entity level controls and lack of a sufficient
technology infrastructure to support the financial reporting function In addition, we do not have a separately designated Audit
Committee. Our small size, lack of revenue and inability to compensate officers or directors precludes us from attracting a sufficient
number of directors to staff such a committee. 

In
making this assessment, management used the criteria set forth by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission
(COSO) in Internal Control-Integrated Framework (2013) as the framework to evaluate effectiveness. Because of the material weaknesses
described above, management believes that, as of December 31, 2022, our internal controls over financial reporting were not effective
based on those criteria. 

Management
intends to implement a remediation plan in fiscal year 2023 in response to the other identified material weakness in financial
reporting. Our planned remediation efforts to address lack of segregation of duties and accounting for complex financial transactions
include using third parties to perform accounting tasks, enhancing procedures for recording and reviewing complex transactions,
performing more independent reconciliations or reviews and hiring more people. Our planned remediation efforts to address lack
of sufficient technology infrastructure include upgrading and engaging technology consultants with specific financial reporting
expertise using our accounting and financial reporting system. We believe that these remediation efforts, if successfully implemented,
will improve our internal control over financial reporting. 

(c) 
 Changes
 in Internal Controls 

During
the quarter ended December 31, 2022, we initiated remediation efforts and are still working on implementing certain controls identified
above in response to previously identified material weaknesses. Once fully implemented, we believe that these remediation steps
will remediate our material weaknesses. 

ITEM
9B. OTHER INFORMATION 

None. 

PART III 

ITEM 10.
DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 

Directors
and Executive Officers 

The
information below sets forth the name, age and position of each of our current directors and executive officers as of March 31,
2023. 

Martin
Chopp Director 71 

Mr.
Chopp has served as a Director of Novint Technologies since August 2013. Mr. Chopp s extensive capital markets experience
includes management roles in numerous investment funds and public companies. Mr. Chopp is the President of SDC Capital LLC and
President, Chief Financial Officer and Secretary of Sons Capital, LLC, positions which he has held for more than five years. 
Additionally, Mr. Chopp is the General Partner of Ellis International as well as The Hewlett Fund, LP. Mr. Chopp served as the
Chief Executive Officer, President and Director of Datatrend Services, Inc. (formerly Babystar, Inc.) until 1997. Mr. Chopp
was President of Sun Capital Company from 1995 to February 2007 and a Director of Glen Rose Petroleum Corp. from April 2010 to
March 2011. The Board feels Mr. Chopp is an appropriate director due to his capital markets experience. 

14 

Ryan
Christoff - Director 51 

Mr.
Christoff has served as a Director of Novint Technologies since April of 2011. Prior to that, Mr. Christoff was the President
of Force Tek, which merged with Novint just prior to April 2011. Mr. Christoff provided operational expertise and helped
design the biomechanics of XIO, the full arm controller that provided force feedback for gaming and other applications, produced
by Force Tek. Mr. Christoff has been the President and owner of The Physical Therapy Institute (PTI) since 2008. PTI has
operations in central and western Pennsylvania and Eastern Indiana. Mr. Christoff holds a Doctorate degree in Orthopedic
Physical Therapy, a Master s Degree in physical therapy from Chatham University, and a B.S. degree in sports medicine from
the University of Pittsburgh. The Board feels Mr. Christoff is an appropriate director due to his gaming industry experience. 

Orin
Hirschman President, Treasurer and Director 55 

Mr.
Hirschman has served as a Director of Novint Technologies since August 2013. Mr. Hirschman has over 25 years of experience in
money management, leveraged buyouts, restructuring and venture capital. Mr. Hirschman has been the manager of AIGH Investment
Partners, LP since 2011. From 1994 until 2001 Mr. Hirschman served as a co-manager of two private investment funds, Adam Smith
Investment Partnerships and Adam Smith Investment Partners, Ltd (the Adam Smith Funds ). In addition to Mr. Hirschman s
private placement investments over the last fifteen years, the Adam Smith Funds, and AIGH Investment Partners, LP, his experience
in the securities industry includes tenures with Wesray Capital, the investment firm founded by former U.S. Secretary of the Treasury
William E. Simon, and Randall Rose Company, a 100 million money management firm based in New York. Mr. Hirschman has been
actively involved in the financing and structuring of over 70 companies, including many high technology companies. Mr. Hirschman s
educational background includes an M.B.A. in Finance from New York University Graduate School of Business and a degree in Biology
and Finance from Touro College where he graduated Summa Cum Laude. The Board feels Mr. Hirschman is an appropriate director
due to his capital markets experience. 

Arrangements
between Officers and Directors 

To
our knowledge, there is no arrangement or understanding between any of our officers or directors and any other person, including
directors, pursuant to which the officer or director was selected to serve as an officer or director. 

Involvement
in Certain Legal Proceedings 

We
are not aware of any of our directors or officers being involved in any legal proceedings in the past ten years relating to any
matters in bankruptcy, insolvency, criminal proceedings (other than traffic and other minor offenses), or being subject to any
of the items set forth under Item 401(f) of Regulation S-K. 

Corporate
Governance 

General 

We
believe that good corporate governance is important to ensure that the Company is managed for the long-term benefit of our stockholders.
This section describes key corporate governance practices that we have adopted. 

Section
16(a) Beneficial Ownership Reporting Compliance 

Section
16(a) of the Exchange Act requires our directors and executive officers, and persons who own more than ten percent of a registered
class of our equity securities, to file with the SEC initial reports of ownership and reports of changes in ownership of our common
stock and other equity securities. Officers, directors and greater than ten percent stockholders are required by SEC regulations
to furnish us with copies of all Section 16(a) forms they file. 

To
our knowledge, based solely upon a review of Forms 3, 4, and 5 furnished to us during the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022,
we believe that the directors, executive officers, and greater than ten percent beneficial owners have complied with all applicable
filing requirements during the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022. 

15 

Code
of Ethics 

Our
Board of Directors adopted a Code of Conduct and Ethics (the Code in March 2006, which applies to our officers,
directors and employees. The purpose of the Code is to deter wrongdoing and to promote: 

honest and ethical
 conduct, including the ethical handling of actual or apparent conflicts of interest between personal and professional relationships; 

full, fair, accurate,
 timely and understandable disclosure in reports and documents that the Company files with, or submits to the Securities and
 Exchange Commission SEC and in other public communications made by the Company; 

compliance with
 applicable laws and governmental rules and regulations; 

the prompt internal
 reporting of violations of the Code to an appropriate person or persons identified in the Code; and 

accountability for
 adherence to the Code. 

A
copy of the Code is filed as Exhibit 14.1 and is incorporated herein by reference. 

Audit
Committee and Financial Experts; Compensation Committee; Nominating and Governance Committee 

Currently,
we do not have separately designated Audit, Compensation or Nominating and Governance Committees. Our small size, lack of revenue
and inability to compensate officers or directors precludes us from attracting a sufficient number of directors to staff such
committees. 

ITEM 11.
EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 

Summary
Compensation Table 

There
was no compensation paid, earned or accrued for services by our executive officers in the fiscal years ended December 31, 2022
and December 31, 2021. 

Director
Compensation 

There
was no cash compensation paid to directors for their service on our Board during the years ended December 31, 2022 and December
31, 2021 

Equity
Compensation Plan Information 

As
of December 31, 2022, there is no equity compensation plan in effect. 

ITEM 12.
SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS 

Security
Ownership of Certain Beneficial Holders and Management 

The
following tables set forth, as of December 31, 2022, certain information concerning the beneficial ownership of our capital stock
by each stockholder known by us to own beneficially 5 or more of any class of our outstanding stock; each director; each named
executive officer; all of our executive officers and directors as a group; and each person, or group of affiliated persons, who
is known by us to beneficially own more than 5 of any class of our outstanding stock. 

As
of December 31, 2022, the Company had authorized 500,000,000 shares of common stock, par value 0.0001, of which there were 202,308,728
shares of common stock outstanding. 

Beneficial
ownership is determined in accordance with the rules and regulations of the SEC and includes voting or investment power with respect
to our common stock. Shares of our common stock subject to options that are currently exercisable or exercisable within 60 days
of December 31, 2022 are considered outstanding and beneficially owned by the person holding the options for the purpose of calculating
the percentage ownership of that person but not for the purpose of calculating the percentage ownership of any other person. Except
as otherwise noted, we believe the persons and entities in this table have sole voting and investing power with respect to all
of the shares of our common stock beneficially owned by them, subject to community property laws, where applicable. 

16 

Security
Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners Management 

Name
 and Address of Beneficial Owner 
 
 Shares
 Owned (6) 

Fully
 Diluted 
 Ownership 
 Percentage (1) 

AIGH Investment Partners,
LLC (2) 

8,662,500 

4.28 

6006 Berkeley Avenue 

Baltimore, MD 21209 

Congregation Ahavas
 Tzdokah Vchesed Inc. (7) 

61,722,996 

30.51 

1655 E 24th St 

Brooklyn, NY 11229 

Ellis International
 (3) 

9,396,328 

4.64 

100 Merrick Road Suite
 400W 

Rockville Centre,
 NY 11570 

Globis Capital related
 entities (4) 

12,060,546 

5.96 

805 Third Avenue,
 15th floor 

New York, New York
 10022 

Ryan Christoff 

11,142,857 

5.51 

c/o Novint Technologies 

All Officers and
 Directors 

29,201,685 

14.43 

as a Group (5) 

(1)
Calculated on the basis of 202,308,728 shares of Common Stock outstanding 

 (2)
Mr. Hirschman a Director of the Company has sole voting and dispositive power over shares held by AIGH Investment Partners LLC 

 (3)
Mr. Chopp a Director of the Company shares voting and dispositive power over shares held by Ellis International 

 (4)
Mr. Packer has sole voting and dispositive power over 687,068 common shares held by Mr. Packer personally. Mr. Packer shares voting
and dispositive power over 11,373,478 common shares held by Globis Capital Partners and by Globis Overseas Fund Ltd. 

 (5) Mr.
Christoff, Mr. Chopp and Mr. Hirschman are serving as directors of the Company. Mr. Hirschman is serving as President
on an interim part-time basis. 

 (6)
Applicable percentage of ownership is based on 202,308,728 shares of common stock outstanding on December 31, 2022. Percentage
ownership is determined based on shares owned together with securities exercisable or convertible into shares of common stock
within 60 days of December 31, 2022, for each stockholder. Beneficial ownership is determined in accordance with the rules of
the SEC and generally includes voting or investment power with respect to securities. Shares of common stock subject to securities
exercisable or convertible into shares of common stock that are currently exercisable or exercisable within 60 days of December
31, 2022, are deemed to be beneficially owned by the person holding such securities for the purpose of computing the percentage
of ownership of such person, but are not treated as outstanding for the purpose of computing the percentage ownership of any other
person. Our common stock is our only issued and outstanding class of securities eligible to vote. Unless otherwise stated, all
shareholders can be reached at mailing address 100 Merrick Road Suite 400W, Rockville Centre, NY 11570. 

 (7) 
 Rabbi Nusyn Pinches Erlich has sole voting and dispositive power over those shares. 

17 

Change
in Control 

We
are not aware of any arrangement that might result in a change in control in the future. We have no knowledge of any arrangements,
including any pledge by any person of our securities, the operation of which may at a subsequent date result in a change in the
Company s control. 

ITEM 13.
CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 

The
Company has no agreement that provides for payment to executive officers at, following, or in connection with the resignation,
retirement or other termination, or a change in control of Company or a change in any executive officer s responsibilities
following a change in control. Mr. Hirschman, the Company s Interim President and sole employee serves on an unpaid basis. 

Director
Independence 

ITEM 14.
PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING FEES AND SERVICES 

Audit
Fees. 

The
aggregate fees billed and expected to be billed for professional services rendered by Sadler, Gibb Associates, LLC for the
2022 fiscal year, primarily related to the audit of our annual consolidated financial statements for the 2022 fiscal year, and
the reviews of the financial statements included in our Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q for the 2022 fiscal year were approximately
 24,000 (including direct engagement expenses). 

The
aggregate fees billed and expected to be billed for professional services rendered by Sadler, Gibb Associates, LLC for the
2021 fiscal year, primarily related to the audit of our annual consolidated financial statements for the 2021 fiscal year, and
the reviews of the financial statements included in our Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q for the 2021 fiscal year were approximately
 16,000 (including direct engagement expenses). 

Audit-Related
Fees 

Sadler,
Gibb Associates, LLC billed 19,000 and 16,000 for audit-related services for the 2022 and 2021 fiscal years, respectively. 

Tax
Fees 

No
fees were billed by Sadler, Gibb Associates, LLC for tax-related services for the 2022 or 2021 fiscal year. 

All
Other Fees 

No
fees were billed by Sadler, Gibb Associates, LLC for services other than the audit for the 2022 and 2021 fiscal years. 

18 

PART
IV 

INDEX
TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

NOVINT
 TECHNOLOGIES, INC. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 F-2 

Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 F-3 

Statements of Operations for the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 F-4 

Statement of Stockholders Deficit for the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 F-5 

Statements of Cash Flows for the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 F-6 

Notes to Financial Statements 
 F-7 

F- 1 

REPORT
OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

To
the Board of Directors and Shareholders of Novint Technologies, Inc.: 

Opinion
on the Financial Statements 

We
have audited the accompanying balance sheets of Novint Technologies, Inc. the Company as of December 31, 2022
and 2021, the related statements of operations, stockholders deficit, and cash flows for each of the years in the two-year
period ended December 31, 2022 and the related notes (collectively referred to as the financial statements ). In
our opinion, the financial statements referred to above present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the
Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the years in the two-year
period ended December 31, 2022, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 

Explanatory
Paragraph Regarding Going Concern 

The
accompanying financial statements have been prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. As discussed
in Note 1 to the financial statements, the Company has suffered recurring losses from operations and has an accumulated deficit
that raise substantial doubt about its ability to continue as a going concern. Management's plans in regard to these matters are
also described in Note 1. The financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. 

Basis
for Opinion 

These
financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on
the Company s financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company
Accounting Oversight Board (United States) PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company
in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission
and the PCAOB. 

We
conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit
to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error
or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial
reporting. As part of our audits, we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, but
not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting.
Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 

Our
audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to
error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining on a test basis, evidence
regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles
used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements.
We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

Critical
Audit Matters 

Critical
audit matters are matters arising from the current period audit of the financial statements that were communicated or required
to be communicated to the audit committee and that (1) relate to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements
and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. We determined that there were no critical audit
matters. 

/s/

We
have served as the Company s auditor since 2017. 

March
31, 2023 

F- 2 

Novint Technologies, Inc. 

 BALANCE SHEETS 

December
 31, 

December
 31, 

2022 

2021 

ASSETS 

CURRENT ASSETS: 

Cash
 and cash equivalents 

Accounts receivables
 - related party 

Prepaid expenses 

Total Current Assets 

TOTAL ASSETS 

LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS DEFICIT 

CURRENT LIABILITIES: 

Accounts payable
 and accrued expenses 

Accrued royalties 

Total Current Liabilities 

TOTAL LIABILITIES 

STOCKHOLDERS DEFICIT 

Preferred
 stock, par value; shares authorized, shares issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2022 and December
 31, 2021 

Common
 stock, par value; shares authorized, shares issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2022
 and December 31, 2021 

Additional paid in capital 

Accumulated deficit 

() 

() 
 
 TOTAL STOCKHOLDERS 
 DEFICIT 

() 

() 

TOTAL LIABILITIES
 AND STOCKHOLDERS DEFICIT 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements. 

F- 3 

Novint Technologies, Inc. 

 STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 

December
 31, 

December
 31, 

2022 

2021 

Revenue 

Operating expenses: 

Professional
 fees 

General and administrative
 expenses 

Total operating
 expenses 

Loss from operations 

() 

() 

Other expense: 

Interest expense,
 net 

() 

() 
 
 Total other expense 

() 

() 

Loss before provision
 for income taxes 

() 

() 
 
 Provision for income
 taxes 

Net loss 

() 

() 

Net loss per share 

Basic and Diluted 

() 

() 

Weighted-average common shares outstanding 

Basic and Diluted 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements. 

F- 4 

Novint Technologies, Inc. 

 STATEMENT
OF STOCKHOLDERS DEFICIT 

Year
 Ended December 31, 2022 

Additional 

Common
 Stock 

Paid-in 

Accumulated 

Shares 

Amount 

Capital 

(Deficit) 

Total 

Balances, December 31, 2021 

() 

() 
 
 Net
 Loss for the year ended December 31, 2022 

- 

- 

- 

() 

() 
 
 Balances, December
 31, 2022 

() 

() 

Year
 Ended December 31, 2021 

Additional 

Common
 Stock 

Paid-in 

Accumulated 

Shares 

Amount 

Capital 

(Deficit) 

Total 

Balances, December 31, 2020 

() 

() 
 
 Net Loss for the year
 ended December 31, 2021 

- 

- 

- 

() 

() 
 
 Balances, December 31, 2021 

() 

() 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements. 

F- 5 

Novint Technologies, Inc. 

 STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 

For
 the Period Ended December 31, 

2022 

2021 

Cash flows from operating activities: 

Net loss 

() 

() 
 
 Changes
 in operating assets and liabilities: 

Prepaid expenses
 and other current assets 

() 

Accounts receivables
 related party 

() 
 
 Accounts payable
 and accrued expenses 

() 

() 
 
 Accrued royalties 

Net cash used in operating activities 

() 

() 

Net cash used in investing activities 

Net cash used in financing activities 

Net decrease in cash 

() 

() 

Cash and cash equivalents, beginning of year 

Cash and cash equivalents, end of period 

Supplemental cash flow information: 

Cash paid for interest 

Cash paid for taxes 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements. 

F- 6 

NOVINT
TECHNOLOGIES, INC. 

 NOTES
TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 DECEMBER
31, 2022 AND 2021 

. For the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company sustained a net loss of . These factors, among
others, raise substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern for the next twelve months from
the date these financial statements were issued. These financial statements do not include any adjustments relating to the recoverability
and classification of recorded asset amounts or the amounts and classification of liabilities that may be necessary should the
Company be unable to continue as a going concern. The Company s continuation as a going concern is contingent upon its ability
to obtain additional financing and to generate revenue and cash flow to meet its obligations on a timely basis. Management intends
to source new inventory and generate revenue. The Company will continue to seek additional
funding through debt or equity financing during the next twelve months. 

We
may be at risk as a result of the current COVID-19 pandemic. Risks that could affect our business include the duration and scope
of the COVID-19 pandemic and the impact on the demand for our products; actions by governments, businesses and individuals taken
in response to the pandemic; the length of time of the COVID-19 pandemic and the possibility of its reoccurrence; the timing required
to develop effective treatments and a vaccine in the event of future outbreaks; the eventual impact of the pandemic and actions
taken in response to the pandemic on global and regional economies; and the pace of recovery when the COVID-19 pandemic subsides. 

Accrued expenses 

Total accounts payable
 and accrued expenses 

to of either gross or net revenue, and a flat per user end fee of . Under one or more
of these agreements, there was an annual aggregate minimum payment due of which has been recorded as accrued royalties
but remains unpaid. Accrued royalty fees as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 were and , respectively.
If contested, the Company may be found to be in breach of obligations to pay these amounts (although the Company believes this
obligation is no longer ongoing), thus the remaining obligation under this agreement will remain as a liability. 

million and .0 million, respectively.
Federal net operating losses generated prior to January 1, 2018, amounting to million, and may be offset against future
taxable income, subject to limitation under IRC Section 382, which for federal purposes. Net operating losses generated after January 1, 2018, amounting to . million, no longer have
an expiration but are limited to . State net operating loss carryforwards will . 

The
Company does not record a provision for income taxes because the Company has historically incurred operating losses and maintains
a full valuation allowance against its net deferred tax assets due to the uncertainty surrounding the realizability of the benefit,
based on a more likely than not criteria and in consideration of available positive and negative evidence. 

The
valuation allowance overall increased by approximately and in the years ended 2022 and 2021, respectively, and
was approximately and , respectively. The Company has fully reserved the deferred tax asset resulting from
available net operating loss carryforwards. 

() 
 
 Taxes under statutory
 US tax rates 

() 

() 
 
 Increase (decrease)
 in taxes resulting from: 

State
 taxes 

() 

() 
 
 Prior
 period adjustments 

() 
 
 Increase
 (decrease) in valuation allowance 

() 

Income tax expense 

The
increase in the Company's net valuation allowance was caused by continued net operating losses from ongoing operations. 

Valuation allowance 

() 

() 
 
 Income tax expense 

() 

shares of par value preferred stock. shares of preferred stock are
currently outstanding. The Board of Directors may designate the authorized but unissued shares of the preferred stock with such
rights and privileges as the Board of Directors may determine. As such, the Board of Directors may issue preferred shares and
designate the conversion, voting and other rights and preferences without notice to the shareholders and without shareholder approval. 

Common
Stock 

The
Company is authorized to issue up to shares of par value common stock. All issued shares of . 

The
Company had shares of common stock issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2022. 

F- 10 

NOVINT
TECHNOLOGIES, INC. 

 NOTES
TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 DECEMBER
31, 2022 AND 2021 

ITEM
15. EXHIBITS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES 

(a)(1)
 Financial Statements. For the financial statements included in this annual report, see Index to the Financial Statements 
on page F-1. 

(a)(2)
 Financial Statement Schedules. All schedules are omitted because they are not applicable or because the required information
is included in the financial statements or notes thereto. 

(a)(3)
 Exhibits. The list of exhibits filed as a part of this annual report is set forth on the Exhibit Index immediately preceding
such exhibits and is incorporated by reference in this Item 15(a)(3). 

(b)
 Exhibits. See Exhibit Index. 

(c)
 Separate Financial Statements and Schedules . None. 

EXHIBIT
INDEX 

31.1 
 
 Certification
 of the President and Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a), as adopted pursuant to section 302
 of the Sarbanes- Oxley Act of 2002 (filed herewith). 
 
 32.1 
 
 Certification
 pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to section 906 of the Sarbanes- Oxley Act of 2002 (filed herewith). 
 
 101.INS 
 
 XBLR
 Instance Document 
 
 101.SCH 
 
 XBLR
 Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 
 
 101.CAL 
 
 XBLR
 Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 
 
 101.DEF 
 
 XBLR
 Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document 
 
 101.LAB 
 
 XBLR
 Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document 
 
 101.PRE 
 
 XBLR
 Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 

Filed herewith. 

Furnished herewith. 

Management contract or compensatory plan or arrangement. 

Confidential treatment has been granted with respect to certain portions of this exhibit. 

19 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant
to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, Registrant has duly caused this report
to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

March 31, 2023 
 NOVINT
 TECHNOLOGIES, INC. 

By: 
 /s/ Orin Hirschman 

Name: Orin Hirschman 

Title: President
 (Principal Executive Officer) 

Pursuant
to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed by the following persons in the capacities
indicated, and on the dates indicated below: 

Signature 
 
 Title 
 
 Date 

/s/Orin Hirschman 
 
 President,
Principal Executive Officer and Director 
 (Principal
Financial Officer) 
 
 March
 31, 2023 
 
 Orin
 Hirschman 

/s/
 Martin Chopp 
 
 Director 
 
 March
 31, 2023 
 
 Martin
 Chopp 

/s/
 Ryan Christoff 
 
 Director 
 
 March
 31, 2023 
 
 Ryan
 Christoff 

20 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 ex31-1.htm
 CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE OFFICER AND PRINCIPAL FINANCIAL OFFICER

Novint Technologies, Inc. 10-K 

Exhibit
31.1 

CERTIFICATION
OF PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE OFFICER AND PRINCIPAL FINANCIAL OFFICER 

I,
Orin Hirschman, certify that: 

1.
 I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Novint Technologies,
Inc.; 

2.
 
Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect
to the period covered by this report; 

3.

 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all
material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods
presented in this report; 

4.

 I am responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e)
and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the
registrant and have: 

a)

 Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such
disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under my supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant,
including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to me by others within those entities, particularly during the period in
which this report is being prepared; 

b)

 Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed
under my supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of
financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c)
 
Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report my conclusions
about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on
such evaluation; and 

d)

 Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the
registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that
has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial
reporting; and 

5.

 I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal
control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of
directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a)

 All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which
are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information;
and 

b)

 Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s
internal control over financial reporting. 

Date:
March 31, 2023 

/s/ Orin Hirschman 

Orin Hirschman 

Chief Executive Officer 

(Principal Executive Officer and Principal Financial Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-32.1>
 3
 ex32-1.htm
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350

Novint Technologies, Inc. 10-K 

Exhibit
32.1 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION
1350, 

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE
SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In connection with the annual report of Novint Technologies, Inc.
(the Company on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022, as filed with the Securities and Exchange
Commission on the date hereof, I, Orin Hirschman, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to 906 of
the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that to my knowledge: 

(1)
 The annual report fully complies with the requirements of section
13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

(2)
 The information contained in the annual report fairly presents,
in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

/s/ Orin Hirschman 

Orin Hirschman 

Chief Executive Officer 

(Principal Executive Officer and Principal Financial Officer) 

Date:
March 31, 2023 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-101.SCH>
 4
 nvnt-20221231.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 6
 nvnt-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 7
 nvnt-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 8
 nvnt-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

