<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230331_10-K_edgar_data_1766140_0001213900-23-024901.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>6517567</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>365361</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>2187217</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>1129209</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1427314</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1263237</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>10</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001213900-23-024901.hdr.sgml : 20230331
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230330212420
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001213900-23-024901
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		87
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230331
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230330

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Unicycive Therapeutics, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001766140
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	PHARMACEUTICAL PREPARATIONS [2834]
		IRS NUMBER:				813638692
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-40582
		FILM NUMBER:		23782755

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		4300 EL CAMINO REAL, SUITE 210
		CITY:			LOS ALTOS
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			94022
		BUSINESS PHONE:		650-384-0642

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		4300 EL CAMINO REAL, SUITE 210
		CITY:			LOS ALTOS
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			94022

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001213900-23-024901.txt : 20230331

10-K
 1
 f10k2022_unicycive.htm
 ANNUAL REPORT

UNITED STATES 

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE
COMMISSION 

Washington, D.C. 20549 

FORM 

ANNUAL
REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the fiscal year ended
 , 

TRANSITION
REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the transition period
from ________ to _________ 

Commission file number 

(Exact name of registrant
as specified in its charter) 

(State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) 

, , (Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code) 

Registrant s telephone
number, including area code: 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 

Title of each class Trading Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered The Stock Market, LLC 

Securities registered pursuant to section 12(g) of the Act: None. 

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a
well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes 

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not
required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
(1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12
months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements
for the past 90 days. No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405
of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company.
See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, 
and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large accelerated filter Accelerated filter Non-accelerated filter Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check
mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting
standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial
reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or
issued its audit report. 

If securities are registered
pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing
reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. 

Indicate by check mark
whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by
any of the registrant s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is a shell company (as defined by Rule 12b-2 of the Act). Yes 

The aggregate market value of the voting stock
and non-voting common equity held by non-affiliates of the registrant as of the last business day of the registrant s most recently
completed second fiscal quarter ended June 30, 2022 was based upon the closing price of the registrant s common
stock of 0.83 on The Nasdaq Capital Market as of that date. 

The number of shares of common stock outstanding
as of March 30, 2023 was . 

DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 

Specified portions of the registrant s
proxy statement, which will be filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission pursuant to Schedule 14A in connection with the registrant s
2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders (the Proxy Statement ), are incorporated by reference into Part III of this Annual Report
on Form 10-K. Except with respect to information specifically incorporated by reference in this Annual Report, the Proxy Statement is
not deemed to be filed as part hereof. 

Table of Contents 

Page 

Part I 
 
 1 

Item 1. 
 Business 
 1 

Item 1A. 
 Risk Factors 
 33 

Item 1B. 
 Unresolved Staff Comments 
 61 

Item 2. 
 Properties 
 61 

Item 3. 
 Legal Proceedings 
 61 

Item 4. 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 61 

Part II 
 
 62 

Item 5. 
 Market For Registrant s Common Equity, Related
 Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 62 

Item 6. 
 [Reserved] 
 62 

Item 7. 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results
 of Operations 
 63 

Item 7A. 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk 
 71 

Item 8. 
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 F-1 

Item 9. 
 Changes in and Disagreements With Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 72 

Item 9A. 
 Controls and Procedures 
 72 

Item 9B. 
 Other Information 
 73 

Item 9C. 
 Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 73 

Part III 
 
 74 

Item 10. 
 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 74 

Item 11. 
 Executive Compensation 
 74 

Item 12. 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners
 and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 74 

Item 13. 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 74 

Item 14. 
 Principal Accountant Fees and Services 
 74 

Part IV 
 
 75 

Item 15. 
 Exhibit and Financial Statement Schedules 
 75 

Item 16. 
 Form 10-K Summary 
 76 

Signatures 
 77 

- i - 

CAUTIONARY NOTE ON FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 

This Annual Report on
Form 10-K contains forward-looking statements which are made pursuant to the safe harbor provisions of Section 27A of the Securities
Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act ), and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange
Act ). These statements may be identified by such forward-looking terminology as may, should, expects, 
 intends, plans, anticipates, believes, estimates, predicts, 
 potential, continue or the negative of these terms or other comparable terminology. Our forward-looking statements
are based on a series of expectations, assumptions, estimates and projections about our company, are not guarantees of future results
or performance and involve substantial risks and uncertainty. We may not actually achieve the plans, intentions or expectations disclosed
in these forward-looking statements. Actual results or events could differ materially from the plans, intentions and expectations disclosed
in these forward-looking statements. Our business and our forward-looking statements involve substantial known and unknown risks and
uncertainties, including the risks and uncertainties inherent in our statements regarding: 

our projected financial position and estimated cash burn rate; 

our estimates regarding expenses, future revenues and capital requirements; 

our ability to continue as a going concern; 

our need to raise substantial additional capital to fund our operation; 

the success, cost and timing of our clinical trials; 

our dependence on third parties in the conduct of our clinical trials; 

our ability to obtain the necessary regulatory approvals to market
 and commercialize our product candidates; 

the ultimate impact of the COVID-19 pandemic, or any other health epidemic,
 on our business, our clinical trials, our research programs, healthcare systems or the global economy as a whole; 

the potential that results of pre-clinical and clinical trials indicate
 our current product candidates or any future product candidates we may seek to develop are unsafe or ineffective; 

the results of market research conducted by us or others; 

our ability to obtain and maintain intellectual property protection
 for our current and future product candidates; 

our ability to protect our intellectual property rights and the potential
 for us to incur substantial costs from lawsuits to enforce or protect our intellectual property rights; 

- ii - 

the possibility that a third party may claim we or our third-party
 licensors have infringed, misappropriated or otherwise violated their intellectual property rights and that we may incur substantial
 costs and be required to devote substantial time defending against claims against us; 

our reliance on third-party suppliers and manufacturers; 

the success of competing therapies and products that are or become
 available; 

our ability to expand our organization to accommodate potential growth
 and our ability to retain and attract key personnel; 

the potential for us to incur substantial costs resulting from product
 liability lawsuits against us and the potential for these product liability lawsuits to cause us to limit our commercialization of
 our product candidates; 

market acceptance of our product candidates, the size and growth of
 the potential markets for our current product candidates and any future product candidates we may seek to develop, and our ability
 to serve those markets; and 

the successful development of our commercialization capabilities, including
 sales and marketing capabilities. 

All of our forward-looking statements are as
of the date of this Annual Report on Form 10-K only. In each case, actual results may differ materially from such forward-looking information.
We can give no assurance that such expectations or forward-looking statements will prove to be correct. An occurrence of, or any material
adverse change in, one or more of the risk factors or risks and uncertainties referred to in this Annual Report on Form 10-K or included
in our other public disclosures or our other periodic reports or other documents or filings filed with or furnished to the U.S. Securities
and Exchange Commission (the SEC could materially and adversely affect our business, prospects, financial condition and
results of operations. Except as required by law, we do not undertake or plan to update or revise any such forward-looking statements
to reflect actual results, changes in plans, assumptions, estimates or projections or other circumstances affecting such forward-looking
statements occurring after the date of this Annual Report on Form 10-K, even if such results, changes or circumstances make it clear
that any forward-looking information will not be realized. Any public statements or disclosures by us following this Annual Report on
Form 10-K that modify or impact any of the forward-looking statements contained in this Annual Report on Form 10-K will be deemed to
modify or supersede such statements in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

This Annual Report on Form 10-K may include market
data and certain industry data and forecasts, which we may obtain from internal company surveys, market research, consultant surveys,
publicly available information, reports of governmental agencies and industry publications, articles and surveys. Industry surveys, publications,
consultant surveys and forecasts generally state that the information contained therein has been obtained from sources believed to be
reliable, but the accuracy and completeness of such information is not guaranteed. While we believe that such studies and publications
are reliable, we have not independently verified market and industry data from third-party sources. 

- iii - 

RISK FACTOR SUMMARY 

Our business is subject to numerous risks and
uncertainties, including those highlighted in the section titled Risk Factors, that represent challenges that we face in
connection with the successful implementation of our strategy. The occurrence of one or more of the events or circumstances described
in the section titled Risk Factors, alone or in combination with other events or circumstances, may have an adverse effect
on our business, cash flows, financial condition and results of operations. Such risks include, but are not limited to: 

Risks Relating to Our Financial Position and
Capital Needs 

We
 have incurred losses since our inception and anticipate that we will continue to incur increasing
 losses for the foreseeable future. 

Raising
 additional capital may cause dilution to our existing stockholders, restrict our operations
 or require us to relinquish rights to our product candidates on unfavorable terms to us. 

You
 may experience dilution, subordination of stockholder rights, preferences, and privileges,
 and decrease in market price of our common stock as a result of our private placement in
 March 2023. 

Risks Relating to the Development and Regulatory
Approval of Our Product Candidates 

We
 have a limited number of product candidates, all which are still in early clinical or pre-clinical
 development. If we do not obtain regulatory approval of one or more of our product candidates,
 or experience significant delays in doing so, our business will be materially adversely affected. 

Clinical
 trials are expensive, time consuming, difficult to design and implement, and involve uncertain
 outcomes. Results of previous pre-clinical studies and clinical trials may not be predictive
 of future results, and the results of our current and planned clinical trials may not satisfy
 the requirements of the FDA or other regulatory authorities. 

We
 may find it difficult to enroll patients in our clinical trials given the limited number
 of patients who have the diseases for which our product candidates are being studied which
 could delay or prevent the start of clinical trials for our product candidates. 

Our
 product candidates may have undesirable side effects that may delay or prevent marketing
 approval or, if approval is received, require them to be taken off the market, require them
 to include safety warnings or otherwise limit their sales. 

The
 FDA may decide that additional nonclinical and clinical studies would be required for the
 approval of our products. 

The
 FDA may not agree with the study design and/or interpretation of the data from clinical trials. 

We
 are dependent on third parties for manufacturing and marketing of our product candidates.
 If we are not able to secure favorable arrangements with such third parties or the third
 parties upon whom we rely do not perform, including failure to perform to our specifications
 or comply with applicable regulations, our business and financial condition could be harmed. 

If
 any of our product candidates receive regulatory approval, the approved products may not
 achieve broad market acceptance among physicians, patients, the medical community and third-party
 payors, in which case revenue generated from their sales would be limited. 

Even
 if we receive regulatory approval to commercialize any of the product candidates that we
 develop, we will be subject to ongoing regulatory obligations and continued regulatory review,
 which may result in significant additional expense. 

- iv - 

If
 any product liability lawsuits are successfully brought against us, we may incur substantial
 liabilities and may be required to limit commercialization of our product candidates. 

Cur rent
 and future legislation may increase the difficulty and cost for us to obtain marketing approval
 of and commercialize our product candidates and affect the prices we may obtain for such
 product candidates. If we fail to comply with regulations, we could face substantial enforcement
 actions, including civil and criminal penalties and our business, operations and financial
 condition could be adversely affected. 

Risks Relating to our Business and Operations 

If
 the market opportunities for our current and potential future product candidates are smaller
 than we believe they are, our ability to generate product revenue may be adversely affected
 and our business may suffer. 

Our
 products will face significant competition, and if they are unable to compete successfully,
 our business will suffer. 

Any
 international operations we undertake may subject us to risks inherent with operations outside
 of the United States. 

Risks Relating to our Intellectual Property 

We
 may be subject to claims that our employees, consultants or independent contractors have
 wrongfully used or disclosed alleged trade secrets. 

Our
 intellectual property may not be sufficient to protect our product candidates from competition,
 which may negatively affect our business. We may incur substantial costs as a result of litigation
 or other proceedings relating to patents and other intellectual property rights. 

General Risk Factors 

Our common stock may be delisted from The Nasdaq Capital Market if
we fail to comply with continued listing standards. 

Because
 certain of our stockholders control a significant number of shares of our common stock, they
 may have effective control over actions requiring stockholder approval. 

Substantial
 amounts of our outstanding shares may be sold into the market when lock-up or market standoff
 periods end. If there are substantial sales of shares of our common stock, the price of our
 common stock could decline. 

We do not intend to pay cash
dividends on our shares of common stock so any returns will be limited to the value of our shares, except we have agreed to pay cash dividends
in the event Renazorb is approved by the FDA and commercial sales is commenced. 

- v - 

PART I 

Throughout this Annual Report on Form 10-K,
references to we, our, us, the Company, Unicycive, or Unicycive
Therapeutics refer to Unicycive Therapeutics, Inc. 

ITEM 1. BUSINESS 

Overview 

We are a biotechnology company dedicated to developing
treatments for certain medical conditions. Currently, two of our programs are focused on kidney disease, an area we believe we have the
potential to offer medical benefit. As we grow the company and build our team, we intend to focus on identifying medical conditions within
and outside of kidney disease. Our current development programs are focused on two novel therapies: Renazorb , for treatment of
hyperphosphatemia in patients with chronic kidney disease on dialysis, and UNI 494, for treatment of acute kidney injury (AKI). Renazorb
and UNI 494 were initially developed by and licensed to us from Spectrum Pharmaceuticals Spectrum and Sphaera Pharmaceuticals,
respectively. Spectrum conducted a Phase 1 clinical trial with Renazorb in 2012, prior to the grant of our license in 2018. Sphaera conceived
and performed initial characterization of various potential pro-drug linkers, including the initial patent application, and performed
some initial physiochemical characterization and preliminary animal pharmacokinetic studies. As discussed herein, during 2021 and 2022
we have conducted preclinical studies with UNI 494. 

Chronic kidney disease (CKD) is the gradual loss
of kidney function that can get worse over time leading to lasting damage. Our initial focus is on developing drugs and getting them
approved in the U.S., and then to partner with global biopharmaceutical companies in the rest of the world. According to the United States
Renal Data System (USRDS) 2022 Annual Data Report, 30 million (14 of adults in the United States are estimated to have CKD and, of
these, approximately 13 million patients have advanced CKD (stage 3-5). Approximately 550,000 patients with end-stage renal disease (ESRD)
are on dialysis and of those, approximately 450,000 take phosphate binders to control hyperphosphatemia. The number of patients with
ESRD in the U.S. is increasing steadily and is projected to reach between 971,000 and 1,259,000 in 2030. 

AKI is a sudden episode of kidney failure or
kidney damage (within the first 90 days of injury). After 90 days, the patient is considered to have progressed into CKD. AKI affects
more than 2 million U.S. patients and costs the healthcare system in excess of 9 billion per year. AKI kills more than 300,000 patients
per year in the U.S. and is caused by multiple etiologies. 

Our business model is to license technologies
and drugs in order to pursue development, regulatory approval, and commercialization of those products in global markets. Many biotechnology
companies utilize similar strategies of in-licensing and then developing and commercializing drugs. We believe, however, that our management
team s broad network, expertise in the biopharmaceutical industry, and successful track record gives us an advantage in identifying
and bringing these assets into our company. 

- 1 - 

Pipeline 

Our proprietary pipeline is comprised of our two product candidates
 Renazorb and UNI 494 which are described below. 

UNI-014 (Renazorb) 

Renazorb Purchase Agreement 

On September 20, 2018, we entered into an Assignment
and Asset Purchase Agreement (the Renazorb Purchase Agreement with Spectrum Pharmaceuticals, Inc. Spectrum ),
pursuant to which we purchased certain assets from Spectrum, including Spectrum s right, title, interest in and intellectual property
related to Renazorb RZB 012, also known as RENALAN Renalan and RZB 014, also known as SPI 014 SPI 
and together with Renalan, the Compounds ). Pursuant to the Renazorb Purchase Agreement, in consideration for the Compounds,
we issued 313,663 shares of common stock to Spectrum. 

Additionally, the Renazorb Purchase Agreement
provides that until the earlier of (i) 36 months from the first date on which our stock trades on a public market, or (ii) the date upon
which we attain a public market capitalization of 50,000,000 or greater, we are required to issue additional shares of our common stock
as may be needed to ensure Spectrum maintains a 4 ownership of our issued and outstanding common stock on a fully-diluted basis. Fully-diluted
shares of common stock for purposes of the Renazorb Purchase Agreement assumes conversion of any security convertible into or exchangeable
or exercisable for common stock or any combination thereof, including any common stock reserved for issuance under a stock option plan,
restricted stock plan, or other equity incentive plan approved by the Board of Directors of the Company immediately following the issuance
of additional shares of our common stock (but prior to the issuance of any additional shares of common stock to Spectrum). We are also
required to pay Spectrum 40 of all of our sublicense income for any sublicense granted to certain sublicensees during the first 12 months
after the Closing Date (as that term is defined in the Renazorb Purchase Agreement) and 20 of all other sublicense income. Our payment
obligations to Spectrum will expire on the twentieth (20 th anniversary of the Closing Date of the Renazorb Purchase Agreement. 

- 2 - 

Disease overview: Hyperphosphatemia 

Chronic kidney disease (CKD) is the gradual loss
of kidney function that can get worse over time leading to lasting damage. The stages of chronic kidney disease are shown below in table
1. 

Table 1: adapted from The Renal Association (https://renal.org/information-resources/the-uk-eckd-guide/ckd-stages/) 

eGFR = estimated glomerular filtration rate (a measure of kidney function) 

Complications of CKD include electrolyte imbalances,
fluid build-up, anemia, bone disease, and heart disease. Hyperphosphatemia is an electrolyte disorder in which untreated elevated phosphorus
levels in the blood lead to cardiovascular complications and vascular calcification. According to Kidney Disease Improving Global Outcomes
(KDIGO) guidelines, hyperphosphatemia is defined as an abnormally high serum phosphorus concentration >4.5 mg/dL In healthy people,
phosphorus levels are maintained as phosphate is absorbed from food and excreted in the urine and feces. In people with CKD, not enough
phosphate is excreted, leading to elevated levels of phosphorus in the blood. In CKD, hyperphosphatemia is caused by a chronic dysregulation
of serum phosphorus levels as a result of progressive kidney damage. According to a 2009 paper authored by Covic, hyperphosphatemia is
associated with increased risk of cardiovascular disease, metabolic bone disease, and all-cause mortality. According to a study completed
by Palmer in 2011, it is estimated that all-cause mortality is increased by 18 for every 1 mg/dL increase in serum phosphorus concentration.
Hyperphosphatemia is also a major cause of morbidity in CKD patients, which increases the economic and clinical burden on patients and
the health system and results in Medicare expenditures of 70 billion in the U.S. 

According to the 2022 United States Renal Data
System (USRDS), it is estimated that 14 of U.S. adults (approximately 31 million people) have CKD. Most patients with stage 5 CKD either
undergo kidney transplant or go on dialysis. The 2022 USRDS annual report indicates that there were 557,838 prevalent dialysis patients
in 2020 (the latest reported year). The prevalent U.S. dialysis population has grown at an average yearly rate of 3.5 over the past
decade. Furthermore, in a paper published by McCullough in 2019, the number of patients in the U.S. with ESRD is increasing steadily
and is projected to reach between 971,000 and 1,259,000 in 2030. In 2020, the number of prevalent dialysis patients declined due to an
increased death rate of dialysis patients as a consequence of COVID-19. 

- 3 - 

Current treatment of hyperphosphatemia 

The treatment goal for patients with hyperphosphatemia
is focused on controlling the level of phosphate in the body. KDIGO guidelines recommend three main strategies for managing hyperphosphatemia:
diet restrictions, phosphate binders, and dialysis, as shown in figure 1 below. 

Figure 1: KDIGO guidelines recommend 3 main strategies. 

While KDIGO guidelines support the treatment
of hyperphosphatemia with phosphate binders in patients with CKD, with the exception of calcium-based binders, they do not recommend
one agent over another. This means that physicians prescribe their medication of choice, usually based on clinical and patient factors.
Utilization of calcium-based binders is discouraged by the most recent KDOQI/KDIGO guidelines due to mounting clinical evidence that
excess calcium load from calcium-based phosphate binder is associated with hypercalcemia and cardiovascular calcification which has been
associated with an increased risk of morbidity and mortality. 

According to data from the Dialysis Outcomes
and Practice Patterns Study (DOPPS) in 2021, 82 of U.S. dialysis patients were prescribed phosphate binders, which equates to approximately
450,000 patients. 

- 4 - 

Unmet Medical Need in the Management of Hyperphosphatemia 

The mechanism of action and what we believe to
be the advantages and disadvantages of various phosphate binders are shown below. 

Table 2: Adapted from Covic and Rastogi, 2013. 

Despite the commercial availability of the six
phosphate binders in the table above, 75 of U.S. dialysis patients fail to achieve the serum phosphorus target established by the KDIGO
guidelines. Moreover, serum phosphorus outcomes are trending downward underscoring the need for newer, more effective treatment
options. 

- 5 - 

In 2005, Unruh, ML published a paper that showed
poor adherence to treatment is common in patients with ESRD and has been associated with an increased risk of mortality. In addition,
poor adherence to phosphate binder therapy has been associated with failure to adequately control serum phosphorus concentrations as
shown in a publication by Arenas, MD and others in 2010. Results from a study of 233 patients on maintenance dialysis from three different
dialysis units in the U.S. showed that patients took a mean of 11 4 medications with a median daily pill intake of 19 as shown
by Chiu, YW in 2009. Phosphate binders accounted for nearly 50 of the total pill burden, with a median daily pill count of nine. Only
38 of patients in this study reported that they were adherent to their prescribed phosphate binder therapy and adherence decreased significantly
with increased pill count. 

Potential strategies to improve adherence to
phosphate binders in patients with ESRD include: (i) a reduction in pill size and number, (ii) improvement of palatability, and (iii)
a reduction in associated adverse effects as published in a study by Covic and Rastogi in 2013. 

Therefore, we believe there is a current need
for better phosphate binders with high phosphate binding capacity, enabling a reduced pill burden for better medication compliance. 

Development of Renazorb 

Renazorb (lanthanum dioxycarbonate) is an investigational
phosphate binding agent utilizing proprietary nanoparticle technology for the treatment of hyperphosphatemia in CKD patients on dialysis. 

Renazorb Mechanism of Action 

Renazorb binds to phosphates and forms an insoluble
lanthanum phosphate complex which is then excreted via the feces. This results in reduction of serum phosphorus levels. 

- 6 - 

In rat studies, Renazorb exhibited comparable
reduction in the urine phosphorus excretion following administration of a lower dose of drug product (0.40g) vs a higher dose (0.57g)
of Fosrenol (lanthanum carbonate tetrahydrate). While differing in the mass of drug product, each dose contained comparable amounts
of the active moiety (elemental lanthanum). In the same study, at equivalent doses, Renazorb was superior to sevelamer (the most commonly
used phosphate binder) in reducing urine phosphorus excretion (see Fig 2). 

Figure 2: Urine phosphate levels in rats following comparable dosing
of Renazorb, Fosrenol, or Sevelamer 

In animal toxicology studies no unexpected toxicity
was found and systemic absorption was extremely low, which is consistent with similar studies conducted with Fosrenol. 

The chemical design of Renazorb allows for smaller
tablet size and fewer pills compared with currently available phosphate binder alternatives, specifically with a dosing regimen of only
one tablet per meal. The Renazorb tablet is designed to disintegrate in the stomach after swallowing and disperse the product in a short
period of time at a pH 3.0. 

Clinical Trial Experience 

In September 2012 a Phase 1 single-center clinical
trial evaluating Renazorb in 32 healthy volunteers was completed in the United States. Four sequential dose cohorts of 8 subjects each
(6 actives and 2 placebos) received Renazorb at 1500, 3000, 4500, or 6000 mg/day, taken orally in 3 divided doses within 15 minutes after
meals, for five consecutive days. The primary endpoint of the study was the evaluation of safety, and the secondary endpoint was the
phosphate binding capacity of Renazorb as judged by the level of phosphorus in feces and urine. We believe the study indicated
that Renazorb was minimally absorbed to the systemic circulation and was well-tolerated at doses up to 6000 mg/day. Renazorb significantly
reduced urine phosphate excretion and significantly increased fecal phosphate excretion at doses at and above 3000 mg/day. The
mean overall change in phosphorus from baseline in both urine and feces, across all treatment groups, showed a dose-response trend that
was statistically significant (p 

- 7 - 

Figure 3: Daily urine phosphate reduction 

Regulatory Strategy for Renazorb 

Feedback from the FDA 

We received additional guidance on the regulatory
pathway for Renazorb from the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) following a Type C meeting in March 2022, in which the FDA confirmed
that a single clinical bioequivalence study in healthy volunteers, together with the previously agreed-upon 6-month mouse toxicology
study can support the New Drug Application (NDA) filing of Renazorb through a 505(b)(2) pathway. 

We reached an agreement with the FDA on the clinical
study design including the doses of Renazorb and Fosrenol, sample size and the primary endpoints of the bioequivalence study. The FDA
confirmed that no additional clinical studies would be required for the NDA application. 

BE Study Description 

We conducted a randomized, open label, two-way
crossover BE study to establish pharmacodynamic (PD) bioequivalence between Renazorb and Fosrenol. The primary objective of the study
was to demonstrate PD equivalence of orally administered Renazorb 1000 mg three-times daily (TID) to orally administered Fosrenol 1000
mg TID in healthy subjects, and the secondary objective was to compare the safety and tolerability of UNI-014 versus Fosrenol in healthy
subjects. The study design, including the dose, primary endpoint and the sample size was reviewed by the Agency prior to the initiation
of the study. The primary outcome measure was least squares (LS) mean change in urinary phosphorous excretion (in mg/day) from baseline
to the evaluation period. The evaluation period was defined as the approximately 72-hour urine collection period starting on Day 1 and
ending on Day 4. Baseline was defined as the approximately 48-hour urine collection period starting on Day -2 and ending on Day 1. PD
equivalence was to be claimed if the 90 confidence interval (CI) of the primary PD variable for UNI-014 was completely contained within
the reference interval, which was defined as 20 of the LS mean of the primary PD variable for lanthanum carbonate. The LS mean
change from Baseline for UNI-014 (-320.4 mg/day) was similar to the LS mean change from Baseline for Fosrenol (-324.0 mg/day). The
90 CI for the LS mean was (-45.88, 53.16), which is well within the acceptance range of (-64.80, 64,80) Table 3 ). It was concluded
that UNI-014 was bioequivalent to Fosrenol. Primary outcome data is presented
in the table below. 

- 8 - 

Table 3 Summary of Mean
Change in Urinary Phosphorus Excretion (mg/day) 

Phosphorus
 Excretion (mg/day) 

Visit 
 
 Statistics 
 
 Renazorb 
 (N=75) 

Fosrenol 
 (N=75) 
 
 Baseline 
 
 LS Mean 
 
 859.8 
 
 878.1 
 
 Evaluation Period 
 
 LS Mean 
 
 546.7 
 
 546.8 
 
 Change from Baseline 
 
 LS Mean Change 
 
 -320.4 
 
 -324.0 

90 Confidence Interval for the LS mean (Test-Reference) 
 
 (-45.88, 53.16) 

Acceptance Range 
 
 (-64.80, 64.799) 

Manufacturing 

We do not own or operate manufacturing facilities
for the production of clinical or commercial quantities of our product candidates. We currently have no plans to build our own clinical
or commercial scale manufacturing capabilities. If and when any of our product candidates are approved, we plan to obtain manufacturing
capacity through contract manufacturing organizations (CMOs) to meet projected needs for commercial sale quantities and serve patient
needs. 

With regards to manufacturing, testing and potential
commercial supply of Renazorb, we have entered into an agreement with Shilpa Medicare Ltd based in India. According to the terms of the
agreement, following Renazorb approval by the FDA, Unicycive will pay the vendor 2 million in the first calendar year when the net revenue
reaches 10 million from sales of Renazorb and commercial supply of the product by the vendor (First Payment). Thereafter, we will pay
 2 million per year for four consecutive years, after the first year s payment, for the total payments of 10 million, provided
all commercial supplies are continued to be manufactured and supplied by the vendor. Unicycive is not obligated to make any payments
to the vendor until FDA approval of the product is obtained and commercial revenue is generated. 

Commercial Strategy for Renazorb 

The worldwide market for hyperphosphatemia agents
is estimated at ~ 2.5 billion and is growing at a 5.3 CAGR (Fortune Business Insights, Hyperphosphatemia Treatment Market, 2021-2028 ).
According to a study conducted by Syneos Health for the Company, the U.S. market makes up over 1 billion of that total. We own commercial
rights to Renazorb globally. For the U.S. market, we intend to maintain optionality by pursuing 3 potential go-to-market models in parallel.
We believe that this is the best strategy to maximize both the clinical value of the Renazorb asset for patients and the economic value
of the asset to our investors. 

1. 
 Launch Renazorb in the U.S. market ourselves by building out a specialty commercial operation to
 address the highly concentrated nephrology prescription market. Executive management of the company has considerable product launch
 experience in the nephrology space with specific working knowledge of the hyperphosphatemia market. While there are ~10,000 prescribers
 of phosphate binders, ~2,500 prescribers are responsible for over half of the ~2.5 million prescriptions written annually. We believe
 that we can efficiently create demand for Renazorb within the most productive segments of the market with a relatively small salesforce,
 while addressing the broader segments of prescribers through non-personal and digital promotion tactics. 

2. Out-license and/or co-promote Renazorb
 with an established biopharma company that has an existing commercial infrastructure in the
 renal disease space. 

3. 
 Out-license rights or enter into distribution agreement(s) with dialysis organization(s) for the
 commercialization of Renazorb. 

- 9 - 

Collaboration Partners 

In July of 2022, we entered into an agreement
granting exclusive rights to develop, market and commercialize Renazorb (lanthanum dioxycarbonate) to Lee s Pharmaceutical (HK)
in Mainland China, Hong Kong, and certain other Asian markets. Under the terms
of the agreement, Lee s Pharm will be responsible for development, registration filing and approval for Renazorb in the licensed
territories. In addition, Lee s Pharm will have sole responsibility for the importation of the drug product from Unicycive and
for the costs of commercialization of Renazorb in the licensed territories. We received an upfront payment of 1.0 million upon signature
and may receive up to 1.0 million in milestone payments upon product launch in China and will be eligible for tiered royalties upon
achievement of prespecified regulatory and commercial achievements. 

In February of 2023, we entered into an exclusive
license agreement with Lotus Pharmaceutical for the development and commercialization of Renazorb in the Republic of Korea. Under the
terms of the agreement, Lotus will be responsible for development, registration filing and approval of Renazorb in the Republic of Korea.
In addition, Lotus will have sole responsibility for the importation of the drug product from Unicycive and for the costs of commercialization
of Renazorb in the Republic of Korea. We received an upfront payment of 750,000 and may receive up to 4.45 million in milestone payments
and tiered royalties upon achievement of prespecified regulatory and commercial achievements. 

We will continue to seek licensing partners for
Renazorb in other territories outside the U.S. (i.e., Europe, Japan, Canada, South America, and the Middle East.) 

U.S. opportunity for Renazorb 

Renazorb is a phosphate binder for the treatment
of hyperphosphatemia in patients with CKD on dialysis and is intended to be administered as a tablet that will be swallowed whole at
mealtimes. CKD patients typically have co-morbidities, which often require them to be on strict pill schedules. Current phosphate binder
products such as Renvela , Calcium Acetate, Auryxia , Velphoro , and Fosrenol involve patients
needing to take large numbers and/or large sized, chewable pills each day, which often results in poor adherence to the prescribed drug
therapy (Figure 4 below). By virtue of its novel nanoparticle technology, Renazorb leverages the high phosphate binding potency of lanthanum
in a palatable dose form that has the potential to substantially reduce the pill burden volume for patients. In this regard, we believe
that the combined effect of smaller pill size, lower number of pills, and improved palatability with Renazorb compared with currently
available phosphate binders is likely to lead to improved patient compliance/adherence and more effective disease management. 

- 10 - 

Figure 4: Average daily dose of phosphate binder
therapies from www.dailymed.nlm.nih.gov. Product images are proportionally sized. 

Tenapanor (Ardelyx): A Potential New Hyperphosphatemia
Market Player 

Tenapanor is a new oral treatment for hyperphosphatemia
that utilizes a novel mechanism of action that inhibits paracellular transport of phosphorus into the bloodstream. Ardelyx filed an NDA
for tenapanor with the FDA in June of 2020. In July of 2021, Ardelyx received a Complete Response Letter CRL from the
FDA s Division of Cardiology and Nephrology. According to the CRL, the Division characterized the treatment effect of tenapanor
as small and of unclear clinical significance. Ardelyx appealed FDA s decision and ultimately was granted an Advisory
Committee meeting in November of 2022, where committee members voted in favor of approving tenapanor (9 to 4 in favor of approving tenapanor
as monotherapy and 10 to 2 in favor of its approval in combination with phosphate binders). Ardelyx is in discussions with FDA about
the nature of a potential approval of tenapanor and expects that approval in the second half of 2023. 

While we can t predict the outcome of these
negotiations, we believe that given the modest treatment effect of tenapanor that, regardless of the scope of the indication, the clinical
utilization of tenapanor will be predominantly in combination with phosphate binders. In FDA Advisory Committee briefing documents, the
efficacy of tenapanor in lowering serum phosphorus levels in dialysis patients in an intent-to-treat (ITT) analysis was 0.70mg/dL. By
comparison, in the same document FDA summarized the efficacy of lanthanum carbonate as resulting in a reduction in serum phosphorus of
2.0mg/dL in a comparable ITT analysis of clinical data. Based on this FDA commentary, we would expect Renazorb to be substantially more
effective than tenapanor when used as monotherapy. Similar to Renazorb, one of the key features of tenapanor s value proposition
is its low pill burden. For this reason, we believe that Renazorb may be the most logical phosphate binder to combine with tenapanor
making the two potential new medicines more complimentary than competitive as it would leverage two distinct mechanisms of action to
control phosphorus with a much lower pill burden than the current standard of care. 

Changing Access and Reimbursement Environment 

According to the most recent ESRD PPS Final
Rule published for 2023, drugs for the treatment of hyperphosphatemia for Medicare beneficiaries, which are currently provided
by Medicare Part D insurers are scheduled to be included into the dialysis bundle in 2025 and will be paid for separately by CMS through
a Transitional Drug Add-On Payment Adjustment (TDAPA) program for a minimum of 2 years. In the 2023 Final Rule, CMS stated, We
have seen that incorporating Medicare Part D drugs into the ESRD PPS has had a significant positive effect of expanding access to such
drugs for beneficiaries who do not have Medicare Part D coverage. (federalregister.gov/d/2022-13449). We believe that the
timing of this change coincides with our anticipated launch timing of Renazorb and could provide for a more rapid launch uptake and competitive
pricing advantages. 

- 11 - 

UNI-494 

Disease overview: acute kidney injury (AKI) 

Acute kidney injury (AKI) is defined as a sudden
loss of kidney function that is diagnosed by increased serum creatinine levels and decreased urine output and is limited to a duration
of 7 days, whereas chronic kidney disease (CKD) is a defined as persistent decrease in kidney function beyond 90 days. Thus, AKI and
CKD can form a continuum whereby initial kidney injury can lead to persistent renal injury, eventually leading to CKD. 

Acute kidney injury (AKI) is estimated to occur
in approximately 20 200 per million population in the community, 7 18 of patients in hospital, and approximately 50 of
patients admitted to the intensive care unit (ICU). Importantly, AKI is associated with morbidity and mortality; AKI affects 13 million
people worldwide, and an estimated 2 million people die of AKI every year, whereas AKI survivors are at increased risk of developing
chronic kidney disease (CKD) and end-stage renal disease (ESRD) conditions that carry a high economic, societal and personal
burden (Chawla et al., Nature Reviews-Nephrology, 2017). 

Current treatment of acute kidney injury 

Currently there are no FDA approved medicines
to treat AKI. Treatment options for AKI include continuous renal replacement therapy, renal transplant, and dialysis. In most cases the
damage to the kidney is irreversible, and the patient needs to have a renal transplant or be on dialysis for life. Therefore, there is
a high unmet medical need. If approved, UNI-494 has the potential to be a first-in-class drug for the treatment of AKI. 

Role of Mitochondria in kidney diseases 

The kidney has one of the highest mitochondrial
densities in the body. Both acute and chronic kidney disease is associated with mitochondrial loss and impaired repair mechanisms, which
subsequently result in increased oxidative damage, cellular injury and cell death. AKI and CKD not only form a continuum but are a bidirectional
process, wherein maladaptive repair of AKI leads to CKD and patients with underlying CKD conditions are predisposed to the development
of AKI. Mitochondrial dysfunction plays a crucial role in both AKI and CKD, as shown in the diagram below. Since mitochondrial dysfunction
is an important factor in the pathogenesis of AKI and CKD, mitochondria have emerged as a therapeutic target for treatment of these diseases. 

Figure 5 

Adapted from Bhatia et al, Kidney Research
and Practice 2020 39(3):244-258. 

- 12 - 

Background on nicorandil 

Nicorandil, marketed in such products as Ikorel
and Dancor, is indicated for the treatment of chronic stable angina pectoris. It is currently not approved in the United States
but has been approved for use in Australia, the United Kingdom and most of Europe, and in India, Japan, South Korea, and Taiwan. Nicorandil
is a dual-action mitochondrial potassium (mitochondrial K ATP channel activator and nitrate-like vasodilator. Activation of
mitochondrial K ATP channel leads to restoration of mitochondrial function and cytoprotection. Nicorandil has extensive safety
and efficacy data from multiple clinical trials, including a 5,000-patient randomized controlled trial (IONA Study, Lancet 2002) and
there is a consensus in the literature that the activation of mitochondrial K ATP channel is the biological basis for
the observed cardio-protection and reno-protection in multiple clinical trials. 

Nicorandil efficacy in acute kidney injury 

Nicorandil has been reported to have a potential
protective effect in the kidneys in preclinical studies (Shiraishi 2014, Tamura 2012, Tanabe 2012). In animal studies, nicorandil has
demonstrated efficacy in multiple standard models of kidney disease such as ischemic reperfusion injury, 5/6 nephrectomy models of chronic
kidney disease, diabetic nephropathy and hypertensive models (see Table 4). Notably, these effects occur in a blood pressure-independent
manner, indicating that these beneficial effects are not simply a result of decreasing pressure-mediated kidney damage, but a direct
beneficial effect on the kidney. A brief summary from these preclinical studies is provided in the Table below. 

Table 4: Efficacy of nicorandil in standard
models of kidney disease 

- 13 - 

More importantly, several randomized clinical
studies have indicated improved renal outcomes with nicorandil in patients with chronic kidney disease, poor renal function, and those
undergoing coronary angiography/percutaneous coronary intervention (CAG/PCI). A brief summary from a couple of randomized clinical trials
in contrast induced nephropathy (AKI) is described in the table below. 

Table 5: Efficacy of nicorandil in clinical
trials in Acute Kidney Injury 

In 2020, to bring together the growing evidence
of the effectiveness of nicorandil for the prevention of Contrast Induced Nephropathy (CIN). Pranata published the results of a systematic
literature review and meta-analysis of clinical studies investigating the use of nicorandil in patients undergoing CAG or PCI. Across
the seven trials (sample size N=1,532), nicorandil was shown to decrease the incidence of CIN by 69 (OR: 0.31; 95 CI: 0.20, 0.46; independent
of other factors in the respective studies. In addition, a subgroup analysis showed that nicorandil also provided protection against
CIN in patients with renal dysfunction (OR: 0.37; 95 CI 0.22, 0.61), which was defined as an eGFR 60 mL/min/1.73 m 2 .
When analyzed by the mode of administration, oral nicorandil was shown to have greater efficacy compared with nicorandil infusions (OR:
0.29 vs 0.40). Overall, Pranata et al. concluded that nicorandil was associated with a lower risk of CIN in patients undergoing
CAG/PCI with a moderate level of certainty (Pranata et al 2020). 

Limitations of Nicorandil 

Despite these promising results, development
of nicorandil for use in acute kidney injury has not been successfully pursued to date. Nicorandil possesses at least two features that
may limit its use in this clinical setting. First, nicorandil has a short half-life in humans of approximately 1 hour, which results
in the need to dose nicorandil multiple times per day to achieve sustained blood levels. Second, nicorandil has been associated with
rare but serious ulcerations in the gastrointestinal tract. The chance of this rare, but potentially severe, side effect increases with
higher doses and long-term use of this drug and heals after drug withdrawal. A recent population-based study of this drug s association
with GI ulceration or perforation has been reported (Lee et al., Scientific Reports, 2015). This study, based on more than 600,000 randomly
selected patients, found a 43 increase in the risk of GI ulceration and a 60 increase in the risk of GI perforation. This effect appears
dose-dependent and limits the maximum labeled dose of nicorandil in Europe. 

UNI-494: a Pro-drug of Nicorandil 

UNI-494 was rationally designed to be absorbed
into the systemic circulation, and once absorbed, to release nicorandil into the bloodstream. By avoiding direct exposure to the gastrointestinal
tract of nicorandil, it is believed that UNI-494 may be able to minimize or avoid the gastrointestinal side effects of nicorandil. Also,
based on the rate of conversion of UNI-494 to nicorandil in the systemic circulation, UNI-494 may offer greater and/or more prolonged
exposure to nicorandil for the treatment of patients with acute kidney injury. Our technology for UNI-494 is licensed from Sphaera Pharmaceutical
Private Limited, a Singapore-based company Sphaera ), with offices in India and the U.S. We have the global, exclusive
license to UNI-494. Sphaera conceived of and performed initial characterization of various potential pro-drug linkers, including the
initial patent application, and performed some initial physiochemical characterization and preliminary animal pharmacokinetic studies. 

- 14 - 

We conducted preclinical studies in rats and
dogs demonstrating systemic exposure to nicorandil following oral dosing of UNI-494. In dogs, oral dosing of UNI-494 produced up to four
times greater systemic exposure to nicorandil compared with literature data on equimolar doses of nicorandil itself. 

Fig 6 

Mechanism of Action of UNI-494 

UNI-494 is a novel proprietary drug that selectively
binds to the SUR2B subunit of the mitochondrial K ATP channel and activates it to restore mitochondrial function and reduce
oxidative stress. UNI-494 is cleaved by esterase enzymes to form nicorandil, the active metabolite .
 The proposed mechanism of action of UNI-494 is shown in the diagram below: 

Fig 7 

- 15 - 

Clinical trials for UNI-494 in AKI 

It is challenging to conduct clinical trials
in AKI trials due to the multiple etiologies of AKI. We believe that UNI-494 should be evaluated in clinical trials focusing on a few
select etiologies in which UNI-494 has a very strong mechanistic rationale based on nicorandil clinical experience in terms of protection
of kidney function and secondary benefits. 

Based on our understanding of the mechanism of
action of the drug, we are in discussions with key opinion leaders (KOLs) to identify the AKI subsets where UNI-494 can be most active
and subsets of AKI patients who are most likely to benefit from UNI-494. We are planning to conduct preclinical studies in animal models
to further explore the efficacy and development path in the AKI indication. We have also identified patient populations where we would
not likely evaluate UNI-494 in clinical trials, including patients with prior history of gastrointestinal ulcerations. This will become
exclusion criteria in future clinical trials for UNI-494. 

UNI-494 Development Status 

We have completed all
non-clinical safety assessment studies required for regulatory filing and submitted a Clinical Trial Application (CTA) to the Medicines
and Healthcare Products Regulatory Agency (MHRA) to initiate a Phase 1 study in healthy volunteers in the United Kingdom in December
2022. The MHRA has completed review of our CTA and issued a notice of acceptance for UNI-494 first-in-human Phase 1 study in healthy
volunteers. We also plan to file a corresponding Investigational New Drug (IND) application with the FDA in 2024 for a Phase 2 proof-of-concept
trial in acute kidney injury (AKI) patients. 

Regulatory Strategy for UNI-494 

Nicorandil is already approved in Europe and
Asia for the treatment of heart disease. We believe there is a possibility these historical Nicorandil data, along with preclinical and
clinical data with UNI-494 itself, can be utilized for streamlined U.S. FDA review of UNI-494. While pre-clinical requirements to start
a clinical program for an IND would be similar for UNI-494 as for NCE (New Chemical Entity). We believe that the vast clinical data set
from Nicorandil will potentially help us to expedite the clinical development program with the FDA. 

Market Potential 

According to a 2017 article by Silver and Chertow,
the current cost of care for AKI in the U.S. is estimated to be between 5.4 billion to 24 billion per year. In England, inpatient costs
related to AKI are estimated to make up 1 of the total National Health Service budget. With no effective treatment for AKI, it is not
possible to definitively state a market figure. However, with the high cost and burden of caring for AKI patients, we believe a conservative
market estimate is approximately 3 billion in the U.S. alone. The lack of effective therapeutic interventions for AKI means that UNI-494
has the potential to be the first drug approved for the treatment of AKI. AKI is a heterogeneous disease. We plan to target a more homogeneous
AKI population for UNI-494 by focusing on kidney injury caused by complications from heart failure, surgeries, drugs, and contrast induced
nephropathy. 

Sphaera License Agreement 

On October 1, 2017, we entered into an exclusive
license agreement (the Sphaera License Agreement with Sphaera Pharma Pte. Ltd., a Singaporean pharmaceutical corporation Sphaera ). Pursuant to the Sphaera License Agreement, we acquired an exclusive royalty-bearing worldwide license to develop,
make, have made, use, practice, research, distribute, lease, sell, offer for sale, license, import or otherwise dispose of certain rights
owned or controlled by Sphaera and/or any of its affiliates, related to UNI-494 (the UNI-494 Rights ). We also acquired
a non-exclusive license to certain know-how and technology related to the UNI-494 Rights. Sphaera conceived of and performed initial
characterization of various potential pro-drug linkers, including the initial patent application, and performed some initial physicochemical
characterization and preliminary animal pharmacokinetic studies. 

- 16 - 

Under the terms of the Sphaera License Agreement,
we are obligated to pay to Sphaera, on a quarterly basis, a running royalty of 2 of our net sales (including our affiliates) in connection
with the global sales of UNI-494; provided, however, that if we are required to make royalty payments to one or more third parties whose
patent rights would be infringed by the exercise of the UNI-494 Rights, we may reduce such running royalty due to Sphaera by the amount
of such third-party royalty rate. 

We are also required to pay to Sphaera certain
milestone payments, including, upon our initiation of a second clinical trial; 50,000 at the time the first patient in such trial is
dosed; an additional 50,000 within 30 days of completion of such trial; and at the time the FDA accepts a NDA for UNI494, 1.65 million.
In addition, we are responsible for the prosecution of patent rights, and any related costs and expenses for patent prosecution and maintenance. 

We also have the right, but not the obligation,
to defend the UNI-494 rights during the term of the Sphaera License Agreement; provided, however, that if we determine not to prosecute
or maintain such rights in any country, we must provide ninety (90) days written notice to Sphaera. We may terminate the Sphaera License
Agreement at any time by providing thirty (30) days written notice to Sphaera. Additionally, in the event that either we or Sphaera
breach any of our respective material obligations, the non-breaching party may, in its sole discretion, have the right to terminate the
Sphaera License Agreement, provided that it give the breaching party written notice specifying the nature of the breach and amounts of
running royalty payments due, if any. In such an occurrence, the termination notice is effective ninety (90) days from receipt of the
notice if the breaching party has failed to cure the breach. 

Competition 

We operate in a highly competitive and regulated
industry that is subject to rapid and frequent changes. We face significant competition from organizations that are pursuing products
that would compete with the product candidates we are developing and the same or similar products that target the same conditions we
intend to treat. Due to our limited resources, we may not be able to compete successfully against these organizations, which include
many large, well-financed and experienced pharmaceutical and biotechnology companies, as well as academic and research institutions and
government agencies. 

Intellectual Property 

Our commercial success depends in part on our
ability to obtain and maintain proprietary protection for our product candidates, as well as novel discoveries, product development technologies,
and know-how. 

Our commercial success also depends in part on
our ability to operate without infringing on the proprietary rights of others and to prevent others from infringing our proprietary rights.
Our policy is to develop and maintain protection of our proprietary position by, among other methods, filing or in-licensing U.S. and
foreign patents and applications related to our technology, inventions, and improvements that are important to the development and implementation
of our business. 

We also rely on trademarks, trade secrets, know-how,
continuing technological innovation, confidentiality agreements, and invention assignment agreements to develop and maintain our proprietary
position. The confidentiality agreements are designed to protect our proprietary information and the invention assignment agreements
are designed to grant us ownership of technologies that are developed for us by our employees, consultants, or other third parties. We
seek to preserve the integrity and confidentiality of our data and trade secrets by maintaining physical security of our premises and
physical and electronic security of our information technology systems. While we have confidence in our agreements and security measures,
either may be breached, and we may not have adequate remedies. In addition, our trade secrets may otherwise become known or independently
discovered by competitors. 

With respect to both licensed and company-owned
intellectual property, we cannot be sure that patents will be granted with respect to any of our pending patent applications or with
respect to any patent applications filed by us in the future, nor can we be sure that any of our existing patents or any patents that
may be granted to us in the future will be commercially useful in protecting our commercial products and methods of using and manufacturing
the same. 

- 17 - 

Renazorb Patent Portfolio 

Our Renazorb patent portfolio includes one family
of granted United States patents, with related applications pending, and an additional family of granted foreign patents, with related
applications also pending. Granted and pending claims offer various forms of protection for Renazorb including claims to compositions
of matter, pharmaceutical compositions, specific forms (such as polymorphs of lanthanum dioxycarbonate), methods of making the composition
of matter, and methods for treating elevated levels of phosphate in the blood using Renazorb. These United States patents and applications,
and their foreign equivalents, are described in more detail below. 

Both the U.S. patent family and the foreign patent
family containing claims to Renazorb and related compounds were filed in 2011. Exclusive of patent term extension, the U.S. patents
from this family containing claims covering Renazorb has a statutory expiration date in 2031. Corresponding patents granted in Canada,
Europe (validated in multiple European Patent Convention member states), Japan, China, Australia, and other countries have statutory
expiration dates in 2031. 

In some cases, granted United States patents
claiming Renazorb have a longer statutory term than the corresponding foreign patents. This results from the USPTO s practice of
granting patent term adjustments for prosecution delays originating at the USPTO. Such adjustments are generally not available under
foreign patent laws. If Renazorb is approved for marketing in the United States, under the Hatch-Waxman Act we may be eligible for up
to five years patent term extension for a granted United States patent containing claims covering Renazorb. Similar term extensions may
be available in Europe, Japan, Australia, and certain other foreign jurisdictions. The amount of any such term extension, and the identity
of the patent to which it would apply, are dependent upon several factors including the duration of the development program and the date
of marketing approval. 

The most relevant granted United States patents
with claims covering Renazob are listed below, along with their projected expiration dates exclusive of any patent term extension. 

Patent 
 Number 
 
 Title 
 
 Projected 
 Expiration 

8,961,917 
 
 Lanthanum carbonate hydroxide, lanthanum oxycarbonate and
 methods of their manufacture and use 
 
 May 12, 2031 

10,350,240 
 
 Lanthanum carbonate hydroxide, lanthanum oxycarbonate and methods of
 their manufacture and use 
 
 May 12, 2031 

UNI 494 

We believe that we have a strong global intellectual
property position, substantial know-how and trade secrets relating to UNI 494. As of October 28, 2020, we have one granted U.S. patent
that is exclusively licensed to us from Sphaera Pharma Pte Ltd. In addition, we have one application that we own. The granted U.S. patent
is directed to methods of making UNI 494, and it is expected to expire in 2032. The PCT application is directed to methods of using UNI
494, and to other compositions of matter and their uses. Should U.S. and other global patents issue from this PCT application, they are
expected to expire in 2040. 

Government Regulations 

Government authorities in the United States at
the federal, state and local level, including the FDA, the FTC and the DEA, extensively regulate, among other things, the research, development,
testing, manufacturing, quality control, approval, labeling, packaging, storage, recordkeeping, promotion, advertising, distribution,
marketing and export and import of products such as those we plan to develop and market. For both the products under development and
to be marketed, failure to comply with applicable regulatory requirements can, among other things, result in suspension of regulatory
approval and possible civil and criminal sanctions. Regulations, enforcement positions, statutes and legal interpretations applicable
to the pharmaceutical industry are constantly evolving and are not always clear. Significant changes in regulations, enforcement positions,
statutes and legal interpretations could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of our operations. 

Additionally, future healthcare legislation or
other legislative proposals at the federal and state levels could bring about major changes in the affected health care systems, including
statutory restrictions on the means that can be employed by brand and generic pharmaceutical companies to settle Paragraph IV patent
litigations. We cannot predict the outcome of such initiatives, but such initiatives, if passed, could result in significant costs to
us in terms of costs of compliance and penalties associated with failure to comply. 

- 18 - 

Pharmaceutical Regulation in the United States 

In the United States, the FDA regulates drugs
under the Food, Drug and Cosmetic Act (FDCA) and its implementing regulations. The process of obtaining regulatory approvals and the
subsequent compliance with appropriate federal, state, local and foreign statutes and regulations require the expenditure of substantial
time and financial resources. Failure to comply with the applicable U.S. requirements at any time during the product development process,
approval process or after approval may subject an applicant to administrative or judicial sanctions. These sanctions could include the
FDA s refusal to approve pending applications, withdrawal of an approval, a clinical hold, Warning or Untitled Letters, product
recalls, product seizures, total or partial suspension of production or distribution of product(s), injunctions, fines, refusals of government
contracts, restitution, disgorgement or civil or criminal penalties. Any agency or judicial enforcement action could have a material
adverse effect on us. 

FDA approval is required before any new unapproved
drug or dosage form, including a new use of a previously approved drug or a generic version of a previously approved drug, can be marketed
in the United States. 

The process required by the FDA before a new
drug may be marketed in the United States generally involves: 

Completion of preclinical laboratory and animal testing and formulation
 studies in compliance with the FDA s current good laboratory practice (GLP) regulations; 

Submission to the FDA of an IND for human clinical testing, which must
 become effective before human clinical trials may begin in the United States; 

Approval
 by an institutional review board (IRB) at each clinical site before each trial may be initiated; 

Performance
 of adequate and well-controlled human clinical trials in accordance with the FDA good clinical
 practice (GCP) requirements and other clinical trial-related regulations to establish the
 safety and efficacy of the proposed drug product for each intended use; 

Satisfactory completion of a pre-approval inspection by FDA of the
 facility or facilities at which the product is manufactured to assess compliance with the FDA s cGMP regulations and to assure
 that the facilities, methods and controls are adequate to preserve the drug s identity, strength, quality and purity; 

Submission to the FDA of an NDA; 

Satisfactory completion of a potential review by an FDA advisory committee,
 if applicable; and 

FDA review and approval of the NDA. 

Preclinical Studies 

When developing a branded product and bringing
it to market, the first step in proceeding to clinical studies is preclinical testing. Preclinical tests are intended to provide a laboratory
or animal study evaluation of the product to determine its chemistry, formulation and stability. Toxicology studies are also performed
to assess the potential safety of the product. The conduct of the preclinical tests must comply with federal regulations and requirements,
including GLPs. The results of these studies are submitted to the FDA as part of an IND application along with other information, including
product chemistry, manufacturing and controls and a proposed clinical trial protocol. Long-term preclinical tests, such as animal tests
of reproductive toxicity and carcinogenicity, may continue concurrently with the IND application. 

Clinical Trials 

Clinical trials involve the administration of
the investigational new drug to human subjects under the supervision of qualified investigators in accordance with GCP requirements,
which include the requirement that all research subjects provide their informed consent in writing for their participation in any clinical
trial. Clinical trials are conducted under protocols detailing, among other things, the objectives of the trial, the parameters to be
used in monitoring safety, and the effectiveness criteria to be evaluated. A protocol for each clinical trial and any subsequent protocol
amendments must be submitted to the FDA as part of the IND. In addition, an IRB at each institution participating in the clinical trial
must review and approve the plan for any clinical trial before it is initiated at that institution. Information about certain clinical
trials must be submitted within specific timeframes to the NIH for public dissemination on their www.clinicaltrials.gov website. 

- 19 - 

Human clinical trials are typically conducted
in three sequential phases, which may be distinct, or overlap or be combined: 

Phase 1: The drug is initially introduced into healthy human subjects
 or patients with the target disease or condition, and tested for safety, dosage tolerance, absorption, metabolism, distribution,
 excretion and, if possible, to gain an early indication of its effectiveness. 

Phase 2: The drug is administered to a limited patient population to
 identify possible adverse effects and safety risks, to preliminarily evaluate the efficacy of the product for specific targeted diseases
 and to determine dosage tolerance. 

Phase 3: The drug is administered to an expanded patient population,
 generally at geographically dispersed clinical trial sites, in well-controlled clinical trials to generate enough data to statistically
 evaluate the efficacy and safety of the product for approval, to establish the overall risk-benefit profile of the product, and to
 provide adequate information for the labeling of the product. 

Progress reports detailing the results of the
clinical trials must be submitted at least annually to the FDA and more frequently if serious adverse events occur. Phase 1, Phase 2,
and Phase 3 trials may not be completed successfully within any specified period, or at all. Furthermore, the FDA or the sponsor may
suspend or terminate a clinical trial at any time on various grounds, including a finding that the research subjects are being exposed
to an unacceptable health risk. Similarly, an IRB can suspend or terminate approval of a clinical trial at its institution if it is not
being conducted in accordance with the IRB s requirements or if the drug has been associated with unexpected serious harm to patients. 

Marketing Approval 

After completion of the required clinical testing,
an NDA is prepared and submitted to the FDA. FDA approval of the NDA is required before marketing of the product may begin in the United
States. The NDA must include, among other things, the results of all preclinical, clinical and other testing and a compilation of data
relating to the product s pharmacology, chemistry, manufacture and controls. Under federal law, the submission of most NDAs is
subject to a substantial application user fee, and the manufacturer or sponsor of an approved NDA is also subject to annual program fees.
The FDA has 60 days from its receipt of an NDA to determine whether the application will be accepted for filing based on the agency s
threshold determination that it is sufficiently complete to permit its substantive review. The FDA may request additional information
rather than accept an NDA for filing. In some events, the NDA may be required to be resubmitted with the additional information and it
may be subject to payment of additional user fees. The resubmitted application is also subject to review before the FDA accepts it for
filing. Once the submission is accepted for filing, the FDA begins an in-depth substantive review. Under the Prescription Drug User Fee
Act, as amended, the FDA has agreed to certain performance goals for itself for the review of NDAs through a two-tiered classification
system, Standard Review and Priority Review. Priority Review designation is given to drugs that are intended to treat a serious condition
and, if approved, would provide a significant improvement in safety or effectiveness over existing therapies. The FDA endeavors to review
most applications subject to Standard Review within ten to twelve months whereas its goal is to complete most Priority Review applications
within six to eight months, depending on whether the drug is a new molecular entity. 

The FDA may refer applications for certain drug
products which present difficult questions related to its safety or efficacy to an advisory committee for review, evaluation and recommendation,
and to seek advice as to whether the application should be approved and under what conditions. Before approving an NDA, the FDA will
typically inspect one or more clinical sites to assure compliance with GCP requirements. Additionally, the FDA will inspect the facility
or the facilities at which the drug is manufactured. The FDA will not approve the NDA unless it determines that the manufacturing process
and facilities are in compliance with cGMP requirements and are adequate to assure consistent production of the product within required
specifications, and the NDA contains data that provide substantial evidence that the drug is safe and effective for the labeled indication. 

- 20 - 

After the FDA evaluates the NDA and the manufacturing
facilities, it issues either an approval letter or a complete response letter to indicate that the review cycle for an application is
complete and that the application is not ready for approval. A complete response letter generally outlines the deficiencies in the submission
and may require substantial additional testing, or information, in order for the FDA to reconsider the application. Even with submission
of this additional information, the FDA may ultimately decide that an application does not satisfy the regulatory criteria for approval.
If, or when, the deficiencies have been addressed to the FDA s satisfaction in a resubmission of the NDA, the FDA will issue an
approval letter. An approval letter authorizes commercial marketing of the drug with specific prescribing information for specific indications. 

As a condition of NDA approval, the FDA may require
a risk evaluation and mitigation strategy (REMS) to help ensure that the benefits of the drug outweigh the potential risks. If the FDA
determines a REMS is necessary during review of the application, the drug sponsor must agree to the REMS plan at the time of approval.
A REMS may be required to include various elements, such as a medication guide or patient package insert, a communication plan to educate
healthcare providers of the drug s risks, limitations on who may prescribe or dispense the drug, or other elements to assure safe
use, such as special training or certification for prescribing or dispensing, dispensing only under certain circumstances, special monitoring
and the use of patient registries. In addition, the REMS must include a timetable to periodically assess the strategy. The requirement
for a REMS can materially affect the potential market and profitability of a drug. 

Sometimes, product approval may require substantial
post-approval testing and surveillance to monitor the drug s safety or efficacy, and the FDA has the authority to prevent or limit
further marketing of a product based on the results of these post-marketing programs. Once granted, product approvals may be withdrawn
if compliance with regulatory standards is not maintained or certain problems are identified following initial marketing. Drugs may be
marketed only for the approved indications and in accordance with the provisions of the approved labeling, and, even if the FDA approves
a product, it may limit the approved indications for use for the product or impose other conditions, including labeling or distribution
restrictions or other risk-management mechanisms. 

Further changes to some of the conditions established
in an approved application, including changes in indications, labeling, or manufacturing processes or facilities, require submission
and FDA approval of a new NDA or NDA supplement before the change can be implemented, which may require us to develop additional data
or conduct additional preclinical studies and clinical trials. An NDA supplement for a new indication typically requires clinical data
similar to that in the original application, and the FDA uses the similar procedures in reviewing NDA supplements as it does in reviewing
the original NDAs. 

Disclosure of Clinical Trial Information 

Sponsors of certain clinical trials of FDA-regulated
products, including drugs, are required to register and disclose certain clinical trial information on www.clinical trials.gov. Information
related to the product, subject population, phase of investigation, study sites and investigators, and other aspects of the clinical
trial is then made public as part of the registration. Sponsors are also obligated to discuss certain results of their clinical trials
after its completion. Disclosure of the results of these trials can be delayed until the new product or new indication being studied
has been approved. Competitors may use this publicly available information to gain knowledge regarding the progress of development programs. 

Post-Approval Requirements 

Once an NDA is approved, a product will be subject
to pervasive and continuing regulation by the FDA, including, among other things, requirements relating to drug listing and registration,
recordkeeping, periodic reporting, product sampling and distribution, adverse event reporting, and advertising, marketing and promotion,
including standards and regulations for direct-to-consumer advertising, off-label promotion, industry-sponsored scientific and educational
activities and promotional activities involving the Internet. Drugs may be marketed only for the approved indications and in a manner
consistent with the provisions of the approved labeling. While physicians may choose to prescribe a drug for off-label uses, manufacturers
may only promote it for the approved indications and in accordance with the provisions of the approved labeling. The FDA and other agencies
actively enforce the laws and regulations prohibiting the promotion of off-label uses, and a company that is found to have improperly
promoted off-label uses may be subject to significant liability. There also are extensive DEA regulations applicable to controlled substances. 

- 21 - 

Adverse event reporting and submission of periodic
reports is also required following FDA approval of an NDA. Additionally, the FDA may require post-marketing testing, known as Phase 4
testing, REMS, and/or surveillance to monitor the effects of an approved product. Alternatively, the FDA may place conditions on an approval
that could restrict the distribution or use of the product. In addition, quality-control, drug manufacture, packaging and labeling procedures
must continue to comply with cGMPs after its approval. Drug manufacturers and certain of their subcontractors are required to register
their establishments and list their marketed products with the FDA and certain state agencies. Registration with the FDA subjects entities
to periodic unannounced inspections by the FDA, during which the agency inspects manufacturing facilities to assess compliance with cGMPs.
Accordingly, manufacturers must continue to expend time, money, and effort in the areas of production and quality-control to maintain
compliance with cGMPs. Regulatory authorities may withdraw product approvals or request product recalls if a company fails to comply
with regulatory standards, if it encounters problems following initial marketing or if previously unrecognized problems are subsequently
discovered. The FDA may also impose a REMS requirement on a drug already on the market if the FDA determines, based on new safety information,
that a REMS is necessary to ensure that the drug s benefits outweigh its risks. In addition, regulatory authorities may take other
enforcement action, including, among other things, Warning or Untitled Letters, the seizure of products, injunctions, consent decrees
placing significant restrictions on or suspending manufacturing operations, refusal to approve pending applications or supplements to
approved applications, civil penalties and criminal prosecution. 

The Hatch-Waxman Amendments 

505(b)(2) NDAs 

The FDA is also authorized to approve an alternative
type of NDA under Section 505(b)(2) of the FDCA. Section 505(b)(2) permits the filing of an NDA where at least some of the information
required for approval comes from studies not conducted by or for the applicant and for which the applicant has not obtained a right of
reference from the data owner. The applicant may rely upon the FDA s findings of safety and efficacy for an approved product that
acts as the listed drug. The FDA may also require 505(b)(2) applicants to perform additional studies or measurements to
support the change from the listed drug. The FDA may then approve the new product candidate for all, or some, of the conditions of use
for which the branded reference drug has been approved, or for a new condition of use sought by the 505(b)(2) applicant. 

Abbreviated New Drug Applications 

The Hatch-Waxman amendments to the FDCA established
a statutory procedure for submission and FDA review and approval of abbreviated new drug applications (ANDAs) for generic versions of
listed drugs. An ANDA is a comprehensive submission that contains, among other things, data and information pertaining to the active
pharmaceutical ingredient (API), drug product formulation, specifications and stability of the generic drug, as well as analytical methods,
manufacturing process validation data and quality control procedures. Premarket applications for generic drugs are termed abbreviated
because they generally do not include clinical data to demonstrate safety and effectiveness. However, a generic manufacturer is typically
required to conduct bioequivalence studies of its test product against the listed drug. The bioequivalence studies for orally administered,
systemically available drug products assess the rate and extent to which the API is absorbed into the bloodstream from the drug product
and becomes available at the site of action. Bioequivalence is established when there is an absence of a significant difference in the
rate and extent for absorption of the generic product and the reference listed drug. For some drugs, other means of demonstrating bioequivalence
may be required by the FDA, especially where rate or extent of absorption are difficult or impossible to measure. The FDA will approve
the generic product as suitable for an ANDA application if it finds that the generic product does not raise new questions of safety and
effectiveness as compared to the reference listed drug. A product is not eligible for ANDA approval if the FDA determines that it is
not bioequivalent to the reference listed drug, if it is intended for a different use, or if it is not subject to, and requires, an approved
Suitability Petition. 

- 22 - 

Orange Book Listing 

In seeking approval for a drug through an NDA,
including a 505(b)(2) NDA, applicants are required to list with the FDA certain patents whose claims cover the applicant s product.
Upon approval of an NDA, each of the patents listed in the application for the drug is then published in the Orange Book. Any applicant
who files an ANDA seeking approval of a generic equivalent version of a drug listed in the Orange Book or a 505(b)(2) NDA referencing
a drug listed in the Orange Book must certify to the FDA (i) that there is no patent listed with the FDA as covering the relevant branded
product, (ii) that any patent listed as covering the branded product has expired, (iii) that the patent listed as covering the branded
product will expire prior to the marketing of the generic product, in which case the ANDA will not be finally approved by the FDA until
the expiration of such patent or (iv) that any patent listed as covering the branded drug is invalid or will not be infringed by the
manufacture, sale or use of the generic product for which the ANDA is submitted. A notice of the Paragraph IV certification must be provided
to each owner of the patent that is the subject of the certification and to the holder of the approved NDA to which the ANDA or 505(b)(2)
application refers. The applicant may also elect to submit a section viii statement certifying that its proposed label
does not contain (or carves out) any language regarding the patented method-of-use rather than certify to a listed method-of-use patent. 

If the reference NDA holder and patent owners
assert a patent challenge directed to one of the Orange Book listed patents within 45 days of the receipt of the Paragraph IV certification
notice, the FDA is prohibited from approving the application until the earlier of 30 months from the receipt of the Paragraph IV certification,
expiration of the patent, settlement of the lawsuit or a decision in the infringement case that is favorable to the applicant. The ANDA
or 505(b)(2) application also will not be approved until any applicable non-patent exclusivity listed in the Orange Book for the branded
reference drug has expired as described in further detail below. 

Non-Patent Exclusivity 

In addition to patent exclusivity, the holder
of the NDA for the listed drug may be entitled to a period of non-patent exclusivity, during which the FDA cannot approve an ANDA or
505(b)(2) application that relies on the listed drug. 

For example, for listed drugs that were considered
new chemical entities at the time of approval, an ANDA or 505(b)(2) application referencing that drug may not be filed with the FDA until
the expiration of five years after approval of that drug, unless the submission is accompanied by a Paragraph IV certification, in which
case the applicant may submit its application four years following the original product approval. 

A drug, including one approved under Section
505(b)(2), may obtain a three-year period of exclusivity for a particular condition of approval, or change to a marketed product, such
as a new formulation for a previously approved product, if one or more new clinical studies (other than bioavailability or bioequivalence
studies) was essential to the approval of the application and was conducted/sponsored by the applicant. In addition, drugs approved for
diseases for which the patient population is sufficiently small, or orphan indications, may be entitled to a seven-year data exclusivity
period. 

Pharmaceutical Coverage, Pricing and Reimbursement 

In the United States and markets in other countries,
patients who are prescribed treatments for their conditions and providers performing the prescribed services generally rely on third-party
payors to reimburse all or part of the associated healthcare costs. Significant uncertainty exists as to the coverage and reimbursement
status of products approved by the FDA and other government authorities. Thus, even if a product candidate is approved, sales of the
product will depend, in part, on the extent to which third-party payors, including government health programs in the United States such
as Medicare and Medicaid, commercial health insurers and managed care organizations, provide coverage, and establish adequate reimbursement
levels for, the product. The process for determining whether a payor will provide coverage for a product may be separate from the process
for setting the price or reimbursement rate that the payor will pay for the product once coverage is approved. Third-party payors are
increasingly challenging the prices charged, examining the medical necessity, and reviewing the cost-effectiveness of medical products
and services and imposing controls to manage costs. Third-party payors may limit coverage to specific products on an approved list, also
known as a formulary, which might not include all of the approved products for a particular indication. In addition, third-party payors
may impose prior authorization or step edit requirements requiring patients to have tried other therapies prior to our products for coverage.
Payors may also decline to include our products or product candidates on their formulary, which means that unless healthcare providers
seek a medical exception for coverage, the payors will not pay for the product. In order to secure coverage and reimbursement for any
product that might be approved for sale, a company may need to conduct expensive pharmacoeconomic studies in order to demonstrate the
medical necessity and cost-effectiveness of the product, in addition to the costs required to obtain FDA or other comparable marketing
approvals. Nonetheless, product candidates may not be considered medically necessary or cost effective. A decision by a third-party payor
not to cover a product candidate could reduce physician utilization once the product is approved and have a material adverse effect on
sales, results of operations and financial condition. Additionally, a payor s decision to provide coverage for a product does not
imply that an adequate reimbursement rate will be approved. Further, one payor s determination to provide coverage for a drug product
does not assure that other payors will also provide coverage and reimbursement for the product, and the level of coverage and reimbursement
can differ significantly from payor to payor. 

- 23 - 

Dialysis-related drugs are included in the ESRD
bundled prospective payment system (PPS) for renal dialysis services furnished to Medicare beneficiaries and are grouped into functional
categories such as bone and mineral metabolism, except that oral-only drugs are exempted from inclusion until 2025. In a final ESRD PPS
rule published in October 2022, CMS confirmed that it intends to end the oral-only exclusion of hyperphosphatemia drugs from the ESRD
PPS on January 1, 2025. At this time a TDAPA (transitional drug add-on payment adjustment) will provide separate payment for hyperphosphatemia
drugs for no less than 2 years based on the drug s Average Sales Price, or ASP, that will be in addition to the base
rate. The incremental cost associated with the addition of this class of drugs into the bundle will be assessed in the final year of
the TDAPA and the base rate will be adjusted accordingly, and no further separate payment will be provided. Although there are several
details that need further clarification, including precise timing related to receiving codes to allow for reimbursement under TDAPA,
which are typically assigned on a quarterly basis, the rule provides some support for our assumption that all hyperphosphatemia drugs,
including Renazorb, will be included in the ESRD PPS bundle and will be eligible for separate payment initially under TDAPA. 

The containment of healthcare costs also has
become a priority of federal, state and foreign governments and the prices of drugs have been a focus in this effort. Governments have
shown significant interest in implementing cost-containment programs, including price controls, restrictions on reimbursement and requirements
for substitution of generic products. Adoption of price controls and cost-containment measures, and adoption of more restrictive policies
in jurisdictions with existing controls and measures, could further limit a company s revenue generated from the sale of any approved
products. Coverage policies and third-party reimbursement rates may change at any time. Even if favorable coverage and reimbursement
status is attained for one or more products for which a company or its collaborators receive marketing approval, less favorable coverage
policies and reimbursement rates may be implemented in the future. Outside the United States, ensuring adequate coverage and payment
for a product also involves challenges. Pricing of prescription pharmaceuticals is subject to governmental control in many countries.
Pricing negotiations with governmental authorities can extend well beyond the receipt of regulatory marketing approval for a product
and may require a clinical trial that compares the cost effectiveness of a product to other available therapies. The conduct of such
a clinical trial could be expensive and result in delays in commercialization. In the European Union, pricing and reimbursement schemes
vary widely from country to country. Some countries provide that products may be marketed only after a reimbursement price has been agreed.
Some countries may require the completion of additional studies that compare the cost-effectiveness of a particular drug candidate to
currently available therapies or so-called health technology assessments, in order to obtain reimbursement or pricing approval. For example,
the European Union provides options for its member states to restrict the range of products for which their national health insurance
systems provide reimbursement and to control the prices of medicinal products for human use. EU member states may approve a specific
price for a product or it may instead adopt a system of direct or indirect controls on the profitability of the company placing the product
on the market. Other member states allow companies to fix their own prices for products but monitor and control prescription volumes
and issue guidance to physicians to limit prescriptions. Recently, many countries in the European Union have increased the amount of
discounts required on pharmaceuticals and these efforts could continue as countries attempt to manage healthcare expenditures, especially
in light of the severe fiscal and debt crises experienced by many countries in the European Union. The downward pressure on health care
costs in general, particularly prescription drugs, has become intense. As a result, increasingly high barriers are being erected to the
entry of new products. Political, economic and regulatory developments may further complicate pricing negotiations, and pricing negotiations
may continue after reimbursement has been obtained. Reference pricing used by various EU member states, and parallel trade, i.e., arbitrage
between low-priced and high-priced member states, can further reduce prices. There can be no assurance that any country that has price
controls or reimbursement limitations for pharmaceutical products will allow favorable reimbursement and pricing arrangements for any
products, if approved in those countries. 

- 24 - 

Dialysis Organizations Protocols 

Dialysis organizations have their own formularies
that list primary or preferred therapeutic options based on contracting status with drug manufacturers. While a prescriber may make their
own independent decision to prescribe what they determine most appropriate for a given patient, any non-formulary therapeutic options
are only available through an exception process based on clinical need. Similar to how payor coverage may affect the sales of a product,
formulary status within dialysis organizations may affect what products are prescribed within that specific organization. Therefore,
if a product is not on a formulary, the prescribers within that organization may be less likely to prescribe that product or may have
a difficult time prescribing that product, resulting in less sales. Further, one dialysis organization s determination to add a
product to their formulary does not assure that other dialysis organizations will also add the product to theirs. There is always a risk
a dialysis organization will not contract with a drug manufacturer for a specific product, resulting in that product not being on that
organization s formulary. Additionally, dialysis organizations typically assess a product s efficacy before adding it to
their formulary. Their process for assessing a product may differ among organizations and the timing of such assessment could delay adding
such treatment to formulary, further affecting product sales. 

Our ability to generate product revenue and achieve
profitability depends on the overall success of Renazorb , UNI-494, and any current or future product candidates, including those that
may be in-licensed or acquired, which depends on several factors, including: 

obtaining
 adequate or favorable pricing and reimbursement from private and governmental payors for
 UNI-494, and any other product or product candidate, including those that may be in-licensed
 or acquired; 

obtaining
 and maintaining market acceptance of Renazorb, UNI-494, and any other product candidate,
 including those that may be in-licensed or acquired; 

the
 size of any market in which Renazorb, UNI-494, and any other product or product candidate,
 including those that may be in-licensed or acquired, receives approval and obtaining adequate
 market share in those markets; 

the
 timing and scope of marketing approvals for Renazorb, UNI-494, and any other product candidate,
 if approved, including those that may be in-licensed or acquired; 

actual
 or perceived advantages or disadvantages of our products or product candidates as compared
 to alternative treatments, including their respective safety, tolerability and efficacy profiles,
 the potential convenience and ease of administration and cost; 

maintaining
 an acceptable safety and tolerability profile of our approved products, including the frequency
 and severity of any side effects; 

the
 willingness of the target patient population to try new therapies and of physicians to prescribe
 these therapies, based, in part, on their perception of our clinical trial data and/or the
 actual or perceived safety, tolerability and efficacy profile; 

establishing
 and maintaining supply and manufacturing relationships with third parties that can provide
 adequate supplies of products that are compliant with good manufacturing practices, or GMPs,
 to support the clinical development and the market demand for Renazorb, UNI-494, and any
 other product and product candidate, including those that may be in-licensed or acquired; 

current
 and future restrictions or limitations on our approved or future indications and patient
 populations or other adverse regulatory actions or in the event that the FDA requires Risk
 Evaluation and Mitigation Strategies, or REMS, or risk management plans that use restrictive
 risk minimization strategies; 

the
 effectiveness of our sales, marketing, manufacturing and distribution strategies and operations; 

competing
 effectively with any products for the same or similar indications as our products; 

maintaining,
 protecting and expanding our portfolio of intellectual property rights, including patents
 and trade secrets; and 

the
 impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on the above factors, including the disproportionate impact
 of the COVID-19 pandemic on CKD patients, the adverse impact on the phosphate binder market
 in which we compete, and the limitation of our sales professionals to meet in person with
 healthcare professionals as the result of travel restrictions or limitations on access for
 non-patients. 

- 25 - 

Risks Related to Commercialization 

Our business is substantially dependent on the
commercial success of Renazorb, if approved. If we are unable to successfully commercialize Auryxia, our results or operations and financial
condition will be materially harmed. Our ability to generate revenue depends on our ability to execute on our commercialization plans,
and the size of the market for, and the level of market acceptance of, Renazorb and any other product or product candidate, including
those that may be in-licensed or acquired. If the size of any market for which a product or product candidate is approved decreases or
is smaller than we anticipate, our revenue and results of operations could be materially adversely affected. Market acceptance is also
critical to our ability to generate significant product revenue. Any product may achieve only limited market acceptance or none at all.
If Renazorb, or any of our product candidates that is approved, is not accepted by the market to the extent that we expect or market
acceptance decreases, we may not be able to generate significant product revenue and our business would be materially harmed. Market
acceptance of Renazorb or any other approved product depends on a number of factors, including: 

the
 availability of adequate coverage and reimbursement by and the availability of discounts,
 rebates and price concessions from third party payors, pharmacy benefit managers, or PBMs,
 and governmental authorities; 

the
 safety and efficacy of the product, as demonstrated in clinical trials and in the post-marketing
 setting; 

the
 prevalence and complications of the disease treated by the product; 

the
 clinical indications for which the product is approved and the product label approved by
 regulatory authorities, including any warnings or limitations that may be required on the
 label as a consequence of potential safety risks associated with the product; 

the
 countries in which marketing approvals are obtained; 

the
 claims we and our collaborators are able to make regarding the safety and efficacy of the
 product; 

the
 success of our physician and patient communications and education programs; 

acceptance
 by physicians and patients of the product as a safe and effective treatment and the willingness
 of the target patient population to try new therapies and of physicians to prescribe new
 therapies; 

the
 cost, safety and efficacy of the product in relation to alternative treatments; 

the
 timing of receipt of marketing approvals and product launch relative to competing products
 and potential generic entrants; 

relative
 convenience and ease of administration; 

the
 frequency and severity of adverse side effects; 

favorable
 or adverse publicity about our products or favorable or adverse publicity about competing
 products; and 

the
 effectiveness of our and our collaborators sales, marketing and distribution efforts. 

In order to market Renazorb and any other approved
product, we intend to invest in sales and marketing, which will require substantial effort and significant management and financial resources.
Additionally, training a sales force to successfully sell and market a new commercial product is expensive and time-consuming and could
delay any commercial launch of such product candidate. We may underestimate the size of the sales force required for a successful product
launch and we may need to expand our sales force earlier and at a higher cost than we anticipated. We will devote significant effort,
in particular, to recruiting individuals with experience in the sales and marketing of pharmaceutical products. Competition for personnel
with these skills is significant and retaining qualified personnel with experience in our industry is difficult. As a result, we may
not be able to retain our existing employees or hire new employees quickly enough to meet our needs. At the same time, we may face high
turnover, requiring us to expend time and resources to source, train and integrate new employees. There are risks involved with building
our own sales and marketing capabilities, including the following: 

potential
 inability to recruit, train and retain adequate numbers of effective sales and marketing
 personnel; 

potential
 lack of complementary products to be offered by sales personnel, which may put us at a competitive
 disadvantage relative to companies with more extensive product lines, and 

costs
 and expenses associated with maintaining our own sales and marketing organization. 

- 26 - 

If we are unable to build our own sales and marketing
capabilities, we will not be successful in commercializing Renazorb, UNI-494, and any other product candidate that may be approved. Furthermore,
if we are unable to maintain our arrangements with third parties with respect to sales and marketing, if we are unsuccessful in entering
into additional arrangements with third parties to sell and market our products or we are unable to do so on terms that are favorable
to us, or if such third parties are unable to carry out their obligations under such arrangements, it will be difficult to successfully
commercialize our product and product candidates, including Renazorb, if approved. 

Our, or our partners , failure to obtain
or maintain adequate coverage, pricing and reimbursement for Renazorb, if approved, or any other future approved products, could have
a material adverse effect on our or our collaboration partners ability to sell such approved products profitably and otherwise
have a material adverse impact on our business. 

Market acceptance and sales of any approved products,
including Renazorb and UNI-494, depends significantly on the availability of adequate coverage and reimbursement from third party payors
and may be affected by existing and future healthcare reform measures. Governmental authorities, third party payors, and PBMs decide
which drugs they will cover, as well as establish formularies or implement other mechanisms to manage utilization of products and determine
reimbursement levels. We cannot be sure that coverage or adequate reimbursement will be available for Renazorb, UNI-494, or any of our
potential future products. Even if we obtain coverage for an approved product, third party payors may not establish adequate reimbursement
amounts, which may reduce the demand for our product and prompt us to have to reduce pricing for the product. If reimbursement is not
available or is limited, we may not be able to commercialize certain of our products. Coverage and reimbursement by a governmental authority,
third-party payor or PBM may depend upon a number of factors, including the determination that use of a product is: 

a
 covered benefit under the health plan; 

safe,
 effective and medically necessary; 

appropriate
 for the specific patient; and 

cost
 effective. 

Obtaining coverage and reimbursement approval
for a product from a governmental authority, PBM or a third-party payor is a time consuming and costly process that could require us
to provide supporting scientific, clinical and cost-effectiveness data for the use of our products to the payor. In the United States,
there are multiple governmental authorities, PBMs and third-party payors with varying coverage and reimbursement levels for pharmaceutical
products, and the timing of commencement of reimbursement by a governmental payor can be dependent on the assignment of codes via the
Healthcare Common Procedural Coding System, which codes are assigned on a quarterly basis. Within Medicare, for oral drugs dispensed
by pharmacies and also administered in facilities, coverage and reimbursement may vary depending on the setting. CMS, local Medicare
administrative contractors, Medicare Part D plans and/or PBMs operating on behalf of Medicare Part D plans, may have some responsibility
for determining the medical necessity of such drugs, and therefore coverage, for different patients. Different reimbursement methodologies
may apply, and CMS may have some discretion in interpreting their application in certain settings. Additionally, we may be required to
enter into contracts with third party payors and/or PBMs offering rebates or discounts on our products in order to obtain favorable formulary
status and we may not be able to agree upon commercially reasonable terms with such third party payors or PBMs, or provide data sufficient
to obtain favorable coverage and reimbursement for many reasons, including that we may be at a competitive disadvantage relative to companies
with more extensive product lines. We currently believe it is likely that Renazorb, if approved, will be reimbursed using the Transitional
Drug Add-on Payment Adjustment, or TDAPA, followed by inclusion in the bundled reimbursement model for Medicare beneficiaries. For those
that obtain dialysis through commercial insurance during the 30-month coordination period or through Medicaid prior to Medicare becoming
primary payer after 90 days, patients may access Renazorb through contracts we negotiate with third party payors for reimbursement of
Renazorb, which would be subject to the risks and uncertainties described above. Additionally, applying for and obtaining reimbursement
under the TDAPA may take an undetermined amount of time following approval, which will affect adoption, uptake and product revenue for
Renazorb during that time, and if there are updates to the TDAPA rule that decrease the basis for reimbursement or eligibility criteria
during the transition period or if the TDAPA is eliminated, then our profitability may be adversely affected. Further, if Renazorb is
approved in the United States and included in the fixed reimbursement model for a bundle of dialysis services, or the bundle, we would
be required to enter into contracts to supply Renazorb to specific dialysis providers, instead of through distributors. 

- 27 - 

The dialysis market is unique and is dominated
by two providers: DaVita and Fresenius, which account for a vast majority of the dialysis population in the United States. Similar to
how payor coverage may affect the sales of a product, formulary status within dialysis organizations may affect what products are prescribed
within that specific organization. Therefore, if a product is not on a formulary, the prescribers within that organization may be less
likely to prescribe that product or may have a difficult time prescribing that product, resulting in less sales. Further, one dialysis
organization s determination to add a product to their formulary does not assure that other dialysis organizations will also add
the product to theirs. There is always a risk a dialysis organization will not contract with a drug manufacturer for a specific product,
resulting in that product not being on that organization s formulary. If any dialysis organization does not add Renzorb, to the
formulary, our business may be materially harmed. In addition, we may be unable to sell Renazorb to dialysis providers on a profitable
basis if CMS significantly reduces the level of reimbursement for dialysis services and providers choose to use alternative therapies
or look to re-negotiate their contracts with us. Adequate coverage and reimbursement of our products by government and private insurance
plans are central to patient and provider acceptance of any products for which we receive marketing approval. Further, in many countries
outside the United States, a drug must be approved for reimbursement before it can be marketed or sold in that country. In some cases,
the prices that we intend to charge for our products are also subject to approval. Approval by the EMA or another regulatory authority
does not ensure approval by reimbursement authorities in that jurisdiction, and approval by one reimbursement authority outside the United
States does not ensure approval by any other reimbursement authorities. However, the failure to obtain reimbursement in one jurisdiction
may negatively impact our ability to obtain reimbursement in another jurisdiction. We may not be able to obtain such reimbursement approvals
on a timely basis, if at all, and favorable pricing in certain countries depends on a number of factors, some of which are outside of
our control. In addition, if Renazorb is approved outside of the United States, we plan to rely on a partner to obtain approval by reimbursement
authorities outside the United States. If we are unsuccessful or delayed in entering into an agreement with a new partner, the launch
of Renazorb following approval outside the United States may be delayed, which could have an adverse effect on our results of operations. 

We expect to face substantial competition,
which may result in others discovering, developing or commercializing products before, or more successfully than, we do. 

The development and commercialization of new
drugs is highly competitive and subject to rapid and significant technological change. Our future success depends on our ability to demonstrate
and maintain a competitive advantage with respect to the development and commercialization of Renazorb, and any other product or product
candidate, including those that may be in-licensed or acquired. Renazorb will compete in the hyperphosphatemia market in the United States
with other FDA-approved phosphate binders such as Renagel (sevelamer hydrochloride) and Renvela (sevelamer carbonate), both
marketed by Sanofi, PhosLo and Phoslyra (calcium acetate), marketed by Fresenius Medical Care North America, Fosrenol 
(lanthanum carbonate), marketed by Shire Pharmaceuticals Group plc, Velphoro (sucroferric oxyhydroxide), marketed by Fresenius Medical
Care North America, and Auryxia (ferric citrate), marketed by Akebia Therapeutics, as well as over-the-counter calcium carbonate products
such as TUMS and metal-based options such as aluminum, lanthanum and magnesium. Most of the phosphate binders listed above are now
also available in generic forms. In addition, other agents are in development, including OPKO Health Inc. s Alpharen Tablets
(fermagate tablets) and Ardelyx, Inc. s tenapanor (which is approved in the United States for the treatment of adults with irritable
bowel syndrome with constipation, and for which the FDA granted an appeal in the fourth quarter of 2022 that will allow Ardelyx to resubmit
a new drug application in 2023 with respect to the control of serum phosphorus in adult patients with CKD on dialysis), that may impact
the market for Renazorb. 

Smaller and other early-stage companies may also prove to be significant
competitors. 

As a result of all of these factors, our competitors
may succeed in obtaining patent protection and/or marketing approval, or discovering, developing and commercializing competitive products,
before, or more effectively than, we do. If we are not able to compete effectively against potential competitors, our business will not
grow and our financial condition and operations will suffer. 

- 28 - 

Healthcare Reform 

In the United States, there have been a number
of federal and state proposals during the last several years regarding the pricing of pharmaceutical products, government control and
other changes to the healthcare system of the United States. It is uncertain what other legislative proposals may be adopted or what
actions federal, state, or private payors may take in response to any healthcare reform proposals or legislation. We cannot predict the
effect such reforms may have on our business, and no assurance can be given that any such reforms will not have a material adverse effect. 

By way of example, in March 2010, the Affordable
Care Act (the ACA ), was signed into law, which, among other things, includes changes to the coverage and payment for drug
products under government health care programs. The law includes measures that (i) significantly increase Medicaid rebates through both
the expansion of the program and significant increases in rebates, (ii) substantially expand the Public Health System (340B) program
to allow other entities to purchase prescription drugs at substantial discounts, (iii) extend the Medicaid rebate rate to a significant
portion of Managed Medicaid enrollees, (iv) assess a rebate on Medicaid Part D spending in the coverage gap for branded and authorized
generic prescription drugs, and (v) levy a significant excise tax on the industry to fund the healthcare reform. 

In addition to the changes brought about by the
ACA, other legislative changes have been proposed and adopted, including aggregate reductions of Medicare payments to providers of 2 
per fiscal year and reduced payments to several types of Medicare providers. Moreover, there has recently been heightened governmental
scrutiny over the manner in which manufacturers set prices for their marketed products, which has resulted in several Congressional inquiries
and proposed and enacted federal and state legislation designed to, among other things, bring more transparency to product pricing, review
the relationship between pricing and manufacturer patient programs and reform government program reimbursement methodologies for drug
products. Any proposed measures will require authorization through additional legislation to become effective. There can be no assurance
that Congress or the Biden Administration intend to provide for such authorizations. 

The Biden administration has also undertaken
other actions and may continue to do so signaling a change in policy from the prior Trump administration. Such activities
include Executive Order 13992, revoking several Trump administration orders that had certain deregulatory effects, and a letter to the
United Nations retracting the United States intent to withdraw from the World Health Organization. Other actions by the Biden
administration and/or legislation passed by the new Congress could further impact the pharmaceutical and broader healthcare industries
in ways that are difficult to predict but that could also materially impact our operations. We cannot predict what other healthcare reforms
will ultimately be implemented at the federal or state level or the effect of any future legislation, executive action or regulation
and, accordingly, face uncertainties that might result from additional reforms. 

At the state level, legislatures have increasingly
passed legislation and implemented regulations designed to control pharmaceutical product pricing, including price or patient reimbursement
constraints, discounts, restrictions on certain product access and marketing cost disclosure and transparency measures, and, in some
cases, designed to encourage importation from other countries and bulk purchasing. 

Healthcare Regulations 

Pharmaceutical companies are subject to various
federal and state laws that are intended to combat health care fraud and abuse and that govern certain of our business practices, especially
our interactions with third-party payors, healthcare providers, patients, customers and potential customers through sales and marketing
or research and development activities. These include anti-kickback laws, false claims laws, sunshine laws, privacy laws and FDA regulation
of advertising and promotion of pharmaceutical products. 

Anti-kickback laws, including the federal Anti-Kickback
Statute, make it a criminal offense knowingly and willfully to offer, pay, solicit, or receive any remuneration to induce or reward referral
of an individual for, or the purchase, order or recommendation of, any good or service reimbursable by, a federal health care program
(including our products). The federal Anti-Kickback Statute has been interpreted to apply to arrangements between pharmaceutical manufacturers
on the one hand and prescribers, purchasers and formulary managers on the other. Although there are several statutory exceptions and
regulatory safe harbors protecting certain common activities from prosecution, the exceptions and safe harbors are drawn narrowly, and
practices that involve remuneration intended to induce prescribing, purchasing or recommending may be subject to scrutiny if they do
not qualify for an exception or safe harbor. In addition, a person or entity does not need to have actual knowledge of the statute or
specific intent to violate it to have committed a violation. Moreover, the government may assert that a claim including items or services
resulting from a violation of the federal Anti-Kickback Statute constitutes a false or fraudulent claim for purposes of the False Claims
Act. The penalties for violating the federal Anti-Kickback Statute include administrative civil money penalties, imprisonment for up
to five years, fines of up to 25,000 per violation and possible exclusion from federal healthcare programs such as Medicare and Medicaid. 

- 29 - 

The federal civil and criminal false claims laws,
including the civil False Claims Act, prohibit knowingly presenting, or causing to be presented, claims for payment to the federal government
(including Medicare and Medicaid) that are false or fraudulent (and, under the Federal False Claims Act, a claim is deemed false or fraudulent
if it is made pursuant to an illegal kickback). Manufacturers can be held liable under these laws if they are deemed to cause 
the submission of false or fraudulent claims by, for example, providing inaccurate billing or coding information to customers or promoting
a product off-label. Actions under the False Claims Act may be brought by the Attorney General or as a qui tam action by a private individual
in the name of the government. Violations of the False Claims Act can result in significant monetary penalties, including fines ranging
from 13,508 to 27,018 for each false claim, and treble damages. The federal government is using the False Claims Act, and the accompanying
threat of significant liability, in its investigation and prosecution of pharmaceutical companies throughout the country, for example,
in connection with the promotion of products for unapproved uses and other improper sales and marketing practices. The government has
obtained multi-million and multi-billion dollar settlements under the False Claims Act in addition to individual criminal convictions
under applicable criminal statutes. In addition, companies have been forced to implement extensive corrective action plans and have often
become subject to consent decrees or corporate integrity agreements, severely restricting the manner in which they conduct their business.
Given the significant size of actual and potential settlements, it is expected that the government will continue to devote substantial
resources to investigating healthcare providers and manufacturers compliance with applicable fraud and abuse laws. 

The Federal Civil Monetary Penalties Law prohibits,
among other things, the offering or transferring of remuneration to a Medicare or Medicaid beneficiary that the person knows or should
know is likely to influence the beneficiary s selection of a particular supplier of Medicare or Medicaid payable items or services.
Noncompliance can result in civil money penalties ranging from 10,000 to 50,000 per violation and exclusion from the federal healthcare
programs. 

Federal criminal statutes prohibit, among other
actions, knowingly and willfully executing or attempting to execute a scheme to defraud any healthcare benefit program, including private
third-party payors, knowingly and willfully embezzling or stealing from a healthcare benefit program, willfully obstructing a criminal
investigation of a healthcare offense, and knowingly and willfully falsifying, concealing or covering up a material fact or making any
materially false, fictitious or fraudulent statement in connection with the delivery of or payment for healthcare benefits, items or
services. Like the federal Anti-Kickback Statute, the ACA amended the intent standard for certain healthcare fraud statutes under HIPAA
such that a person or entity no longer needs to have actual knowledge of the statute or specific intent to violate it in order to have
committed a violation. 

Analogous state and foreign laws and regulations,
including state anti-kickback and false claims laws, may apply to products and services reimbursed by non-governmental third-party payors,
including commercial payors. Additionally, there are state laws that require pharmaceutical companies to comply with the pharmaceutical
industry s voluntary compliance guidelines and the relevant compliance guidance promulgated by the federal government or that otherwise
restrict payments that may be made to healthcare providers as well as state and foreign laws that require drug manufacturers to report
marketing expenditures or pricing information and register sales representatives. 

Sunshine laws, including the Federal Open Payments
law enacted as part of the ACA, require pharmaceutical manufacturers to disclose payments and other transfers of value to physicians
and certain other health care providers or professionals, and in the case of some state sunshine laws, restrict or prohibit certain such
payments. Pharmaceutical manufacturers are required to submit reports to the government by the 90 th day of each calendar
year. Failure to submit the required information may result in civil monetary penalties of up to an aggregate of 100,000 per year, adjusted
for inflation (or up to an aggregate of 1 million per year, adjusted for inflation for knowing failures for all payments,
transfers of value or ownership or investment interests not reported in an annual submission, and may result in liability under other
federal laws or regulations. Certain states and foreign governments require the tracking and reporting of gifts, compensation and other
remuneration to physicians. 

- 30 - 

Privacy laws, such as the privacy regulations
implemented under HIPAA, restrict covered entities from using or disclosing protected health information. Covered entities commonly include
physicians, hospitals and health insurers from which we may seek to acquire data to aid in our research, development, sales and marketing
activities. Although pharmaceutical manufacturers are not covered entities under HIPAA, our ability to acquire or use protected health
information from covered entities may be affected by privacy laws. Specifically, HIPAA, as amended by HITECH, and their respective implementing
regulations, including the final omnibus rule published on January 25, 2013, imposes specified requirements relating to the privacy,
security and transmission of individually identifiable health information. Among other things, HITECH makes HIPAA s privacy and
security standards directly applicable to business associates, defined as independent contractors or agents of covered
entities that create, receive, maintain or transmit protected health information in connection with providing a service for or on behalf
of a covered entity. HITECH also increased the civil and criminal penalties that may be imposed against covered entities, business associates
and possibly other persons, and gave state attorneys general new authority to file civil actions for damages or injunctions in federal
courts to enforce the federal HIPAA laws and seek attorney s fees and costs associated with pursuing federal civil actions. In
addition, state laws govern the privacy and security of health information in certain circumstances, many of which differ from each other
in significant ways, thus complicating compliance efforts. 

The FDA regulates the sale and marketing of prescription
drug products and, among other things, prohibits pharmaceutical manufacturers from making false or misleading statements and from promoting
products for unapproved uses. There has been an increase in government enforcement efforts at both the federal and state level. Numerous
cases have been brought against pharmaceutical manufacturers under the Federal False Claims Act, alleging, among other things, that certain
sales or marketing-related practices violate the Anti-Kickback Statute or the FDA s regulations, and many of these cases have resulted
in settlement agreements under which the companies were required to change certain practices, pay substantial fines and operate under
the supervision of a federally appointed monitor for a period of years. Due to the breadth of these laws and their implementing regulations
and the absence of guidance in some cases, it is possible that our practices might be challenged by government authorities. Violations
of fraud and abuse laws may be punishable by civil and criminal sanctions including fines, civil monetary penalties, as well as the possibility
of exclusion of our products from payment by federal health care programs. 

Government Price Reporting 

Government regulations regarding reporting and
payment obligations are complex, and we are continually evaluating the methods we use to calculate and report the amounts owed with respect
to Medicaid and other government pricing programs. Our calculations are subject to review and challenge by various government agencies
and authorities, and it is possible that any such review could result either in material changes to the method used for calculating the
amounts owed to such agency or the amounts themselves. Because the process for making these calculations, and our judgments supporting
these calculations, involve subjective decisions, these calculations are subject to audit. In the event that a government authority challenges
or finds ambiguity with regard to our report of payments, such authority may impose civil and criminal sanctions, which could have a
material adverse effect on our business. From time to time we conduct routine reviews of our government pricing calculations. These reviews
may have an impact on government price reporting and rebate calculations used to comply with various government regulations regarding
reporting and payment obligations. 

Many governments and third-party payors reimburse
the purchase of certain prescription drugs based on a drug s average wholesale price (AWP). In the past several years, state and
federal government agencies have conducted ongoing investigations of manufacturers reporting practices with respect to AWP, which
they have suggested have led to excessive payments by state and federal government agencies for prescription drugs. We and numerous other
pharmaceutical companies have been named as defendants in various state and federal court actions alleging improper or fraudulent practices
related to the reporting of AWP. 

Drug Pedigree Laws 

State and federal governments have proposed or
passed various drug pedigree laws which can require the tracking of all transactions involving prescription drugs from the manufacturer
to the pharmacy (or other dispensing) level. Companies are required to maintain records documenting the chain of custody of prescription
drug products beginning with the purchase of such products from the manufacturer. Compliance with these pedigree laws requires implementation
of extensive tracking systems as well as heightened documentation and coordination with customers and manufacturers. While we fully intend
to comply with these laws, there is uncertainty about future changes in legislation and government enforcement of these laws. Failure
to comply could result in fines or penalties, as well as loss of business that could have a material adverse effect on our financial
results. 

- 31 - 

Federal Regulation of Patent Litigation Settlements
and Authorized Generic Arrangements 

As part of the Medicare Prescription Drug Improvement
and Modernization Act of 2003, companies are required to file with the U.S. Federal Trade Commission FTC and the U.S.
Department of Justice (the DOJ certain types of agreements entered into between brand and generic pharmaceutical companies
related to the settlement of patent litigation or manufacture, marketing and sale of generic versions of branded drugs. This requirement
could affect the manner in which generic drug manufacturers resolve intellectual property litigation and other disputes with brand pharmaceutical
companies and could result generally in an increase in private-party litigation against pharmaceutical companies or additional investigations
or proceedings by the FTC or other governmental authorities. 

Other 

The U.S. federal government, various states and
localities have laws regulating the manufacture and distribution of pharmaceuticals, as well as regulations dealing with the substitution
of generic drugs for branded drugs. Our operations are also subject to regulation, licensing requirements and inspection by the states
and localities in which our operations are located or in which we conduct business. 

Certain of our activities are also subject to
FTC enforcement actions. The FTC also enforces a variety of antitrust and consumer protection laws designed to ensure that the nation s
markets function competitively, are vigorous, efficient and free of undue restrictions. Federal, state, local and foreign laws of general
applicability, such as laws regulating working conditions, also govern us. 

In addition, we are subject to numerous and increasingly
stringent federal, state and local environmental laws and regulations concerning, among other things, the generation, handling, storage,
transportation, treatment and disposal of toxic and hazardous substances, the discharge of pollutants into the air and water and the
cleanup of contamination. We are required to maintain and comply with environmental permits and controls for some of our operations,
and these permits are subject to modification, renewal and revocation by the issuing authorities. Our environmental capital expenditures
and costs for environmental compliance may increase in the future as a result of changes in environmental laws and regulations or increased
manufacturing activities at any of our facilities. We could incur significant costs or liabilities as a result of any failure to comply
with environmental laws, including fines, penalties, third-party claims and the costs of undertaking a clean-up at a current or former
site or at a site to which our wastes were transported. In addition, we have grown in part by acquisition, and our diligence may not
have identified environmental impacts from historical operations at sites we have acquired in the past or may acquire in the future. 

Employees 

As of March 30, 2023, we had 12 full-time employees
and no part-time employees. We are not a party to any collective bargaining agreements. We believe that we maintain good relations with
our employees. 

Our Corporate History 

We were incorporated as a Delaware corporation
on August 18, 2016. Our principal executive offices are located at 4300 El Camino Real, Suite 210, Los Altos, CA 94022 and our telephone
number is (650) 351-4495. 

Available Information 

Our website address is http://www.unicycive.com .
The contents of, or information accessible through, our website are not part of this Annual Report on Form 10-K, and our website address
is included in this document as an inactive textual reference only. We make our filings with the SEC, including our Annual Report on
Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, Current Reports on Form 8-K and all amendments to those reports, available free of charge
on our website as soon as reasonably practicable after we file such reports with, or furnish such reports to, the SEC. The public may
read and copy the materials we file with the SEC at the SEC s Public Reference Room at 100 F Street, NE, Washington, DC 20549.
The public may obtain information on the operation of the Public Reference Room by calling the SEC at 1-800-SEC-0330. Additionally, the
SEC maintains an internet site that contains reports, proxy and information statements and other information. The address of the SEC s
website is www.sec.gov . The information contained in the SEC s website is not intended to be a part of this filing. 

- 32 - 

ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS. 

An investment in our common stock involves
a high degree of risk. You should carefully consider the following risk factors and the other information in this Annual Report on Form
10-K before investing in our common stock. Our business and results of operations could be seriously harmed by any of the following risks.
The risks set out below are not the only risks we face. Additional risks and uncertainties not currently known to us or that we currently
deem to be immaterial also may materially adversely affect our business, financial condition and/or operating results. If any of the
following events occur, our business, financial condition and results of operations could be materially adversely affected. In such case,
the value and trading price of our common stock could decline, and you may lose all or part of your investment. 

Risks Related to our Financial Position and
Need for Capital 

We have generated no revenue to date and
our future profitability is uncertain. 

We were incorporated in August 2016 and have
a limited operating history, and our business is subject to all of the risks inherent in the establishment of a new business enterprise.
Our likelihood of success must be considered in light of the problems, expenses, difficulties, complications and delays frequently encountered
in connection with development and expansion of a new business enterprise. Since inception, we have incurred losses and expect to continue
to operate at a net loss for at least the next several years as we continue our research and development efforts, conduct clinical trials
and develop manufacturing, sales, marketing and distribution capabilities. Our net loss for the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2022
was 10.0 million and 18.1 million, and our accumulated deficit as of December 31, 2022 was 34.0 million. There can be no assurance
that the product candidates currently under development or that may be under development by us in the future will be approved for sale
in the U.S. or elsewhere. Furthermore, there can be no assurance that if such products are approved they will be successfully commercialized,
and the extent of our future losses and the timing of our profitability are highly uncertain. If we are unable to achieve profitability,
we may be unable to continue our operations. 

If we fail to obtain the capital necessary
to fund our operations, we will be unable to continue or complete our product development and you will likely lose your entire investment. 

We will need to continue to seek capital from
time to time to continue development of our product candidates. As of December 31, 2021 and 2022, we had cash of 16.6 million and 0.5
million, respectively. On March 3, 2023, the Company signed a securities purchase agreement with certain healthcare-focused institutional
investors that will provide up to 130 million in gross proceeds to Unicycive through a private placement that included initial upfront
funding of 30 million. We expect our existing cash as of December 31, 2022 plus the funding received in March 2023 will enable us to
fund our operating expenses and capital expenditure requirements for at least 12 months from the date of this Form 10-K. We believe
that we will need to raise substantial additional capital in the future to fund our continuing operations and the development and commercialization
of our current product candidates and future product candidates. Our business or operations may change in a manner that would consume
available funds more rapidly than anticipated and substantial additional funding may be required to maintain operations, fund expansion,
develop new or enhanced products, acquire complementary products, businesses or technologies or otherwise respond to competitive pressures
and opportunities, such as a change in the regulatory environment. In addition, we may need to accelerate the growth of our sales capabilities
and distribution beyond what is currently envisioned, and this would require additional capital. However, we may not be able to secure
funding when we need it or on favorable terms. We may not be able to raise sufficient funds to commercialize our current and future product
candidates we intend to develop. 

If we cannot raise adequate funds to satisfy
our capital requirements, we will have to delay, scale back or eliminate our research and development activities, clinical studies or
future operations. We may also be required to obtain funds through arrangements with collaborators, which arrangements may require us
to relinquish rights to certain technologies or products that we otherwise would not consider relinquishing, including rights to future
product candidates or certain major geographic markets. This could result in sharing revenues which we might otherwise retain for ourselves.
Any of these actions may harm our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

- 33 - 

The amount of capital we may need depends on
many factors, including the progress, timing and scope of our product development programs; the progress, timing and scope of our pre-clinical
studies and clinical trials; the time and cost necessary to obtain regulatory approvals; the time and cost necessary to further develop
manufacturing processes and arrange for contract manufacturing; our ability to enter into and maintain collaborative, licensing and other
commercial relationships; and our partners commitment of time and resources to the development and commercialization of our products. 

We may consider strategic alternatives
in order to maximize stockholder value, including financings, strategic alliances, acquisitions or the possible sale of our business.
We may not be able to identify or consummate any suitable strategic alternatives. 

We may consider all strategic alternatives that
may be available to us to maximize stockholder value, including financings, strategic alliances, acquisitions or the possible sale of
our business. We currently have no agreements or commitments to engage in any specific strategic transactions, and our exploration of
various strategic alternatives may not result in any specific action or transaction. To the extent that this engagement results in a
transaction, our business objectives may change depending upon the nature of the transaction. There can be no assurance that we will
enter into any transaction as a result of the engagement. Furthermore, if we determine to engage in a strategic transaction, we cannot
predict the impact that such strategic transaction might have on our operations or stock price. We also cannot predict the impact on
our stock price if we fail to enter into a transaction. 

Raising additional capital may cause dilution
to our existing stockholders, restrict our operations or require us to relinquish rights to our product candidates on unfavorable terms
to us. 

We may seek additional capital through a variety
of means, including through private and public equity offerings and debt financings, collaborations, strategic alliances and marketing,
distribution or licensing arrangements. To the extent that we raise additional capital through the sale of equity or convertible debt
securities, or through the issuance of shares under management or other types of contracts, or upon the exercise or conversion of outstanding
derivative securities, the ownership interests of our stockholders will be diluted, and the terms of such financings may include liquidation
or other preferences, anti-dilution rights, conversion and exercise price adjustments and other provisions that adversely affect
the rights of our stockholders, including rights, preferences and privileges that are senior to those of our holders of common stock
in the event of a liquidation. In addition, debt financing, if available, could include covenants limiting or restricting our ability
to take certain actions, such as incurring additional debt, making capital expenditures, entering into licensing arrangements, or declaring
dividends and may require us to grant security interests in our assets. If we raise additional funds through collaborations, strategic
alliances, or marketing, distribution or licensing arrangements with third parties, we may have to relinquish valuable rights to our
technologies, future revenue streams, product or product candidates or grant licenses on terms that may not be favorable to us. If we
are unable to raise additional funds through equity or debt financings when needed, we may need to curtail or cease our operations. 

You will experience dilution, subordination
of stockholder rights, preferences, and privileges, and decrease in market price of our common stock as a result of our private placement
in March 2023 financing efforts. 

On March 3, 2023, we signed a securities
purchase agreement with certain healthcare-focused institutional investors pursuant to which we issued and sold 30,190 shares of
Series A-1 Preferred Stock. Such Series A-1 Preferred Stock and the securities issuable upon conversion of the Series A-1 Preferred
Stock are potentially dilutive instruments and the conversion of these securities upon Stockholder Approval will result in dilution
to our existing stockholders: As of March 30, 2023, subject to Stockholder Approval, the Series A-1 Preferred Stock will be
convertible into approximately 61,612,000 shares of common stock. As a result, these stockholders, acting together, may have the ability to control the
outcome of matters submitted to our stockholders for approval, including the election of directors and any merger, consolidation or
sale of all or substantially all of our assets. In addition, these stockholders, acting together, may have the ability to control
the management and affairs of our company. Additionally, such shares of Series A-1 Preferred Stock contain certain preferences and
privileges not applicable to the shares of common stock, which are described further in the Certificate of Designation filed hereto
as Exhibit 3.4. 

Our cash could be adversely impacted if
a financial institution with which we have deposits or other accounts fails. 

Our cash and cash equivalents we use to satisfy
our working capital and operating expense needs are held in accounts at various financial institutions. The balance held in deposit accounts
often exceeds the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation FDIC deposit insurance limit or similar government deposit insurance
schemes. Our cash and cash equivalents could be adversely impacted, including the loss of uninsured deposits and other uninsured financial
assets, if one or more of the financial institutions in which we hold our cash or cash equivalents fails or is subject to other adverse
conditions in the financial or credit markets. For example, on March 10, 2023, Silicon Valley Bank was closed by the California Department
of Financial Protection and Innovation and taken into receivership by the FDIC. At that time, substantially all of our cash and cash
equivalents were held in accounts with Silicon Valley Bank and we could not access such accounts. While we were afforded full access
to our accounts on March 13, 2023 as a result of action taken by the U.S. Department of the Treasury, the Federal Reserve and the FDIC
under the systemic risk exception, there is no guarantee that the system risk exception will be relied upon to provide access to uninsured
deposits and other assets in the future in the event of the closure of a financial institution, or that such access would be afforded
in a timely fashion. Any loss of our cash or cash equivalents or any delay in our access thereto could, among other risks, adversely
impact our ability to pay our operating expenses, result in breaches of our contractual obligations, or result in violations of federal
or state wage and hour laws if we are unable to pay our employees on a timely basis. 

- 34 - 

Risks Related to Our Business 

The marketing approval process of the FDA
is lengthy, time consuming and inherently unpredictable, and if we are ultimately unable to obtain marketing approval for our current
product candidates and future product candidates we intend to develop, our business will be substantially harmed. 

The product candidates we intend to develop have
not gained marketing approval in the U.S., and we cannot guarantee that we will ever have marketable products. Our business is substantially
dependent on our ability to complete the development of, obtain marketing approval for, and successfully commercialize our current and
future product candidates in a timely manner. We cannot commercialize our product candidates in the United States without first obtaining
approval from the FDA to market each product candidate. Our product candidates could face substantial delays or even fail to receive
marketing approval for many reasons, including among others: 

The FDA may decide that additional CMC, nonclinical and clinical studies
 would be needed for the approval of Renazorb; 

the FDA may disagree with the design, implementation, or interpretation
 of data of our CMC, preclinical, or clinical studies; 

the FDA could determine that we cannot rely on specific regulatory
 approval pathway, e.g., Section 505(b)(2), for our current or future product candidates; and 

the FDA may determine that we have identified the wrong reference listed
 drug or drugs or that approval of our regulatory application for any of our product candidates is blocked by patent or non-patent
 exclusivity of the reference listed drug or drugs. 

In addition, the process of seeking regulatory
clearance or approval to market the product candidates we intend to develop is expensive and time consuming and, notwithstanding the
effort and expense incurred, clearance or approval is never guaranteed. If we are not successful in obtaining timely clearance or approval
of our product candidates from the FDA, we may never be able to generate anticipated revenue and may be forced to cease operations. The
NDA process is costly, lengthy and uncertain. Any NDA application filed by us will have to be supported by extensive data, including,
but not limited to, technical, pre-clinical, clinical, manufacturing and labeling data, to demonstrate to the FDA s satisfaction
the safety and efficacy of the product for its intended use. 

Obtaining clearances or approvals from the FDA
and from the regulatory agencies in other countries is an expensive and time-consuming process and is uncertain as to outcome. The FDA
and other agencies could ask us to supplement our submissions, collect new CMC or non-clinical data, conduct additional clinical trials
or engage in other time-consuming actions, or it could simply deny our applications. In addition, even if we obtain an NDA approval or
pre-market approvals in other countries, the approval could be revoked or other restrictions imposed if post-market data demonstrate
safety issues or lack of effectiveness. We cannot predict with certainty how, or when, the FDA or other regulatory agencies will act.
If we are unable to obtain the necessary regulatory approvals, our financial condition and cash flow may be adversely affected, and our
ability to grow domestically and internationally may be limited. Additionally, even if cleared or approved, our products may not be approved
for the specific indications that are most necessary or desirable for successful commercialization or profitability. 

- 35 - 

We may encounter substantial delays in
completing our clinical studies which in turn will require additional costs, or we may fail to demonstrate adequate safety and efficacy
to the satisfaction of applicable regulatory authorities. 

It is impossible to predict if or when our current
or future product candidates, will prove safe or effective in humans or will receive regulatory approval. Before obtaining
marketing approval from regulatory authorities for the sale of our product candidates, we must conduct extensive clinical studies to
demonstrate the safety and efficacy of the product candidates in humans. Clinical testing is expensive, time-consuming and uncertain
as to outcome. We cannot guarantee that any clinical studies will be conducted as planned or completed on schedule, if at all. A failure
of one or more clinical studies can occur at any stage of testing. Events that may prevent successful or timely completion of clinical
development include: 

delays in reaching, or failing to reach, a consensus with regulatory
 agencies on study design; 

delays in reaching, or failing to reach, agreement on acceptable terms
 with a sufficient number of prospective contract research organizations CROs and clinical study sites, the terms
 of which can be subject to extensive negotiation and may vary significantly among different CROs and trial sites; 

delays in recruiting a sufficient number of suitable patients to participate
 in our clinical studies; 

imposition of a clinical hold by regulatory agencies, after an inspection
 of our clinical study operations or study sites; 

failure by our CROs, other third parties or us to adhere to clinical
 study, regulatory or legal requirements; 

failure to perform in accordance with the FDA s good clinical
 practices GCPs or applicable regulatory guidelines in other countries; 

delays in the testing, validation, manufacturing and delivery of sufficient
 quantities of our product candidates to the clinical sites; 

delays in having patients complete participation in a study or return
 for post-treatment follow-up; 

clinical study sites or patients dropping out of a study; 

delay or failure to address any patient safety concerns that arise
 during the course of a trial; 

unanticipated costs or increases in costs of clinical trials of our
 product candidates; 

occurrence of serious adverse events associated with the product candidates
 that are viewed to outweigh its potential benefits; or 

changes in regulatory requirements and guidance that require amending
 or submitting new clinical protocols. 

We could also encounter delays if a clinical
trial is suspended or terminated by us, by the Institutional Review Board IRB or Ethics Commission EC of the institutions in which such trials are being conducted, by an independent Safety Review Board SRB for such trial
or by the FDA or other regulatory authorities. Such authorities may suspend or terminate a clinical trial due to a number of
factors, including failure to conduct the clinical trial in accordance with regulatory requirements or our clinical protocols, inspection
of the clinical trial operations or trial site by the FDA or other regulatory authorities resulting in the imposition of a clinical hold,
unforeseen safety issues or adverse side effects, failure to demonstrate a benefit from using a drug, changes in governmental regulations
or administrative actions or lack of adequate funding to continue the clinical trial. 

Any inability to successfully complete pre-clinical
and clinical development could result in additional costs to us or impair our ability to generate revenues from product sales, regulatory
and commercialization milestones and royalties. In addition, if we make manufacturing or formulation changes to our product candidates,
we may need to conduct additional studies to bridge our modified product candidates to earlier versions. 

Clinical study delays could also shorten any
periods during which we may have the exclusive right to commercialize our product candidates or allow our competitors to bring products
to market before we do, which could impair our ability to successfully commercialize our product candidates. In addition, any delays
in completing our clinical trials will increase our costs, slow down our product candidates development and approval
process and jeopardize our ability to commence product sales and generate revenues. Any of these occurrences may significantly harm our
business, financial condition and prospects. In addition, many of the factors that cause, or lead to, a delay in the commencement or
completion of clinical trials may also ultimately lead to the denial of regulatory approval of our product candidates. 

- 36 - 

The outcome of pre-clinical studies and early
clinical trials may not be predictive of the success of later clinical trials, and interim results of a clinical trial do not necessarily
predict final results. Further, pre-clinical and clinical data are often susceptible to various interpretations and analyses, and many
companies that have believed their product candidates performed satisfactorily in pre-clinical studies and clinical trials have nonetheless
failed to obtain marketing approval. If the results of our clinical studies are inconclusive or if there are safety concerns or
adverse events associated with our product candidates, we may: 

be delayed in obtaining marketing approval for our product candidates,
 if approved at all; 

obtain approval for indications or patient populations that are not
 as broad as intended or desired; 

obtain approval with labeling that includes significant use or distribution
 restrictions or safety warnings; 

be required to change the way the product is administered; 

be required to perform additional clinical studies to support approval
 or be subject to additional post-marketing testing requirements; 

have regulatory authorities withdraw their approval of a product or
 impose restrictions on its distribution in the form of a modified risk evaluation and mitigation strategy; 

be sued; or 

experience damage to our reputation. 

Additionally, our product candidates could potentially
cause other adverse events that have not yet been predicted. The inclusion of ill patients in our clinical studies may result in deaths
or other adverse medical events due to other therapies or medications that such patients may be using. As described above, any of these
events could prevent us from achieving or maintaining market acceptance of our product candidates and impair our ability to commercialize
our products. 

If we are not able to obtain, or if there
are delays in obtaining, required regulatory approvals, we will not be able to commercialize, or will be delayed in commercializing,
our product candidates and our ability to generate revenue will be impaired. 

Our product candidates and the activities associated
with its development and commercialization, including its design, testing, manufacture, release, safety, efficacy, regulatory filings,
recordkeeping, labeling, storage, approval, advertising, promotion, sale and distribution, is subject to comprehensive regulation by
the FDA and other regulatory authorities in the United States and by comparable authorities in other countries. For example, in order
to commence clinical trials of our product candidates in the United States, we must file an IND and obtain FDA agreement to proceed.
The FDA may place our development program on clinical hold and require further pre-clinical testing prior to allowing our clinical trials
to proceed. 

We must obtain marketing approval in each jurisdiction
in which we market our products. Failure to obtain marketing approval for a product candidate will prevent us from commercializing the
product candidate. We have not submitted a marketing application or received approval to market any of our product candidates from regulatory
authorities in any jurisdiction. We have only limited experience in filing and supporting the applications necessary to gain marketing
approvals and expect to rely on third-party CROs to assist us in this process. Securing regulatory approval requires the submission of
extensive pre-clinical and clinical data and supporting information to the various regulatory authorities for each indication to establish
the product candidate s safety and efficacy. Securing regulatory approval also requires the submission of information about the
product manufacturing process, testing and release and inspection of manufacturing facilities and personnel by the relevant regulatory
authority. Our product candidates may not be effective, may be only moderately effective or may prove to have undesirable or unintended
side effects, toxicities or other characteristics that may preclude our obtaining marketing approval or prevent or limit commercial use. 

- 37 - 

The process of obtaining marketing approvals,
both in the United States and elsewhere, is expensive, may take many years and can vary substantially based upon a variety of factors,
including the type, complexity and novelty of the product candidate involved. We cannot assure you that we will ever obtain any marketing
approvals in any jurisdiction. Changes in marketing approval policies during the development period, changes in or the enactment of additional
statutes or regulations or changes in regulatory review for each submitted product application may cause delays in the approval or rejection
of an application. The FDA and comparable authorities in other countries have substantial discretion in the approval process and may
refuse to accept any application or may decide that our data are insufficient for approval and require additional pre-clinical or other
studies, changes in the manufacturing process or facilities or clinical trials. Moreover, approval by the FDA or an equivalent foreign
authority, including the HSA, does not ensure approval by regulatory authorities in any other countries or jurisdictions, but a failure
to obtain marketing approval in one jurisdiction may adversely impact the likelihood of approval in other jurisdictions. In addition,
varying interpretations of the data obtained from pre-clinical testing, manufacturing and product testing and clinical trials could delay,
limit or prevent marketing approval of a product candidate. Additionally, any marketing approval we ultimately obtain may be limited
or subject to restrictions or post-approval commitments that render the approved product not commercially viable. 

Modifications to our products may require
new NDA approvals. 

Once a particular product receives FDA approval
or clearance, expanded uses or uses in new indications of our products may require additional human clinical trials and new regulatory
approvals or clearances, including additional IND and NDA submissions and premarket approvals before we can begin clinical development,
and/or prior to marketing and sales. If the FDA requires new clearances or approvals for a particular use or indication, we may be required
to conduct additional clinical studies, which would require additional expenditures and harm our operating results. If the products are
already being used for these new indications, we may also be subject to significant enforcement actions. Conducting clinical trials and
obtaining clearances and approvals can be a time-consuming process, and delays in obtaining required future clearances or approvals could
adversely affect our ability to introduce new or enhanced products in a timely manner, which in turn would harm our future growth. 

Additional delays to the completion of
clinical studies may result from modifications being made to the protocol during the clinical trial, if such modifications are warranted
and/or required by the occurrences in the given trial . 

Each modification to the protocol during a clinical
trial has to be submitted to the FDA. This could result in the delay or halt of a clinical trial while the modification is evaluated.
In addition, depending on the quantity and nature of the changes made, the FDA could take the position that the data generated by the
clinical trial are not poolable because the same protocol was not used throughout the trial. This might require the enrollment of additional
subjects, which could result in the extension of the clinical trial and the FDA delaying clearance or approval of a product. Any such
delay could have a material adverse effect on our business and results of operations. 

There can be no assurance that the data
generated from our clinical trials using modified protocols will be acceptable to the FDA or other regulatory authorities. 

There can be no assurance that the data generated
using modified protocols will be acceptable to the FDA or other regulatory authorities or that if future modifications during the trial
are necessary, that any such modifications will be acceptable to the FDA or other regulatory authorities. If the FDA or other regulatory
authorities believe that prior approval is required for a particular modification, they can delay or halt a clinical trial while they
evaluate additional information regarding the change. 

Serious injury or death resulting from a failure
of our product candidates during current or future clinical trials could also result in the FDA or other regulatory authority delaying
our clinical trials or denying or delaying clearance or approval of a product. 

Even though an adverse event may not be the result
of the failure of our product candidate, the FDA or other regulatory authority could delay or halt a clinical trial for an indefinite
period of time while an adverse event is reviewed, and likely would do so in the event of multiple such events. 

- 38 - 

Any delay or termination of our current or future
clinical trials as a result of the risks summarized above, including delays in obtaining or maintaining required approvals from the FDA
or other regulatory authorities, delays in patient enrollment, the failure of patients to continue to participate in a clinical trial,
and delays or termination of clinical trials as a result of protocol modifications or adverse events during the trials, may cause an
increase in costs and delays in the filing of any product submissions with the FDA or other regulatory authorities, delay the approval
and commercialization of our products or result in the failure of the clinical trial, which could adversely affect our business, operating
results and prospects. 

Conducting successful clinical studies
may require the enrollment of large numbers of patients, and suitable patients may be difficult to identify and recruit. 

Patient enrollment in clinical trials and completion
of patient participation and follow-up depends on many factors, including the size of the patient population; the nature of the trial
protocol; the attractiveness of, or the discomforts and risks associated with, the treatments received by enrolled subjects; the availability
of appropriate clinical trial investigators; support staff; and the proximity of patients to clinical sites and ability to comply with
the eligibility and exclusion criteria for participation in the clinical trial and patient compliance. For example, patients may be discouraged
from enrolling in our clinical trials if the trial protocol requires them to undergo extensive post-treatment procedures or follow-up
to assess the safety and effectiveness of our products or if they determine that the treatments received under the trial protocols are
not attractive or involve unacceptable risks or discomforts. Patients may also not participate in our clinical trials if they choose
to participate in contemporaneous clinical trials of competitive products. 

The future results of our current or future
clinical trials may not support our product candidates claims or may result in the discovery of unexpected adverse side effects. 

Even if our clinical trials are completed as
planned, we cannot be certain that their results will support our product candidates claims or that the FDA or foreign authorities will
agree with our conclusions regarding them. Success in pre-clinical studies and early clinical trials does not ensure that later clinical
trials will be successful, and we cannot be sure that the later trials will replicate the results of prior trials and pre-clinical studies.
The clinical trial process may fail to demonstrate that our product candidates are safe and effective for the proposed indicated uses.
If the FDA concludes that the clinical trials for any product for which we might seek clearance, has failed to demonstrate safety and
effectiveness, we would not receive FDA clearance to market that product in the United States for the indications sought. 

In addition, such an outcome could cause us to
abandon a product candidate and might delay development of others. Any delay or termination of our clinical trials will delay the filing
of any product submissions with the FDA and, ultimately, our ability to commercialize our product candidates and generate revenues. It
is also possible that patients enrolled in clinical trials will experience adverse side effects that are not currently part of our product
candidate s profile. 

Adverse events involving our products may
lead the FDA or other regulatory authorities to delay or deny clearance for our products or result in product recalls that could harm
our reputation, business and financial results. 

Once a product receives FDA clearance or approval,
the agency has the authority to require the recall of commercialized products in the event of adverse side effects, material deficiencies
or defects in design or manufacture. The authority to require a recall must be based on an FDA finding that there is a reasonable probability
that the product would cause serious injury or death. Manufacturers may, under their own initiative, recall a product if any material
deficiency in a product is found. A government-mandated or voluntary recall by us or one of our distributors could occur as a result
of adverse side effects, impurities or other product contamination, manufacturing errors, design or labeling defects or other deficiencies
and issues. Recalls of any of our products would divert managerial and financial resources and have an adverse effect on our financial
condition and results of operations. The FDA requires that certain classifications of recalls be reported to FDA within ten working days
after the recall is initiated. Companies are required to maintain certain records of recalls, even if they are not reportable to the
FDA. We may initiate voluntary recalls involving our products in the future. A future recall announcement could harm our reputation with
customers and negatively affect our sales. In addition, the FDA and/or other regulatory agencies could take enforcement action for failing
to report the recalls when they were conducted. 

- 39 - 

Even if our product candidates receive
marketing approval, they may fail to achieve the degree of market acceptance by physicians, patients, third-party payors and others in
the medical community necessary for commercial success. 

If our product candidates receive marketing approval,
they may nonetheless fail to gain sufficient market acceptance by physicians, patients, third-party payors and others in the medical
community for us to achieve commercial success. If our product candidates do not achieve an adequate level of acceptance, we may not
generate sufficient product revenue to become profitable. The degree of market acceptance of our product candidates, if approved for
commercial sale, will depend on a number of factors, including: 

the efficacy and potential advantages compared to alternative therapies; 

the size of the markets in the countries in which approvals are obtained; 

terms, limitations or warnings contained in any labeling approved by
 the FDA or other regulatory authority; 

our ability to offer any approved products for sale at competitive
 prices; 

convenience and ease of administration compared to alternative treatments; 

the willingness of the target patient population to try new therapies
 or dosing regimens; 

the willingness of physicians to prescribe these therapies; 

the strength of marketing and distribution support; 

the success of competing products and the marketing efforts of our
 competitors; 

sufficient third-party payor coverage and adequate reimbursement; and 

the prevalence and severity of any side effects. 

Even if we are able to commercialize our
product candidates, such products may become subject to unfavorable pricing regulations, third-party reimbursement practices or healthcare
reform initiatives, which would harm our business. 

The regulations that govern marketing approvals,
pricing, coverage and reimbursement for new drugs vary widely from country to country. In the United States, new and future legislation
may significantly change the approval requirements in ways that could involve additional costs and cause delays in obtaining approvals.
Some countries require approval of the sale price of a drug before it can be marketed. In many countries, the pricing review period begins
after marketing or product-licensing approval is granted. In some foreign markets, prescription pharmaceutical pricing remains subject
to continuing governmental control even after initial marketing approval is granted. As a result, we might obtain marketing approval
for a drug in a particular country but then be subject to price regulations that delay its commercial launch, possibly for lengthy time
periods, and negatively impact the revenue we are able to generate from the sale of the drug in that country. Adverse pricing limitations
may hinder our ability to commercialize and generate revenue from our product candidates, even if our product candidates obtain marketing
approval. 

Our ability to commercialize our current and
any future product candidates successfully also will depend in part on the extent to which coverage and adequate reimbursement for these
products and related treatments will be available from government health programs, private health insurers, integrated delivery networks
and other third-party payors. Third-party payors decide which medications they will pay for and establish reimbursement levels. A significant
trend in the U.S. healthcare industry and elsewhere is cost containment. Government authorities and third-party payors have attempted
to control costs by limiting coverage and the amount of payment for particular medications. Increasingly, third-party payors are requiring
that drug companies provide predetermined discounts from list prices and are challenging the prices charged for medical products. Coverage
and reimbursement may not be available for any product that we commercialize and, if reimbursement is available, the level of reimbursement
may not be sufficient for commercial success. Coverage and reimbursement may impact the demand for, or the price of, any product candidate
for which we obtain marketing approval. If coverage and reimbursement is not available or is available only to limited levels, we may
not be able to successfully commercialize any product candidate for which we obtain marketing approval. 

- 40 - 

There may be significant delays in obtaining
coverage and adequate reimbursement for newly approved products, and coverage may be more limited than the purposes for which the product
is approved by the FDA or similar regulatory authorities outside the United States. Moreover, eligibility for coverage and reimbursement
does not imply that any product will be paid for in all cases or at a rate that covers our costs, including research, development, manufacture,
sale and distribution. Interim reimbursement levels for new drugs, if applicable, may also not be sufficient to cover our costs and may
not be made permanent. Coverage and reimbursement rates may vary according to the use of the drug and the medical circumstances under
which it is used may be based on reimbursement levels already set for lower cost products or procedures or may be incorporated into existing
payments for other services. Net prices for drugs may be reduced by mandatory discounts or rebates required by government healthcare
programs or private payors and by any future relaxation of laws that presently restrict imports of drugs from countries where they may
be sold at lower prices than in the United States. Commercial third-party payors often rely upon Medicare coverage policies and payment
limitations in setting their own reimbursement policies. Our inability to promptly obtain coverage and profitable payment rates from
both government-funded programs and private payors for any approved products that we develop could have a material adverse effect on
our operating results, our ability to raise capital needed to commercialize our approved products and our overall financial condition. 

Any product candidate for which we obtain
marketing approval could be subject to marketing restrictions or withdrawal from the market and we may be subject to penalties if we
fail to comply with regulatory requirements or if we experience unanticipated problems with our products. 

Any product candidate for which we obtain marketing
approval, along with the manufacturing processes and facilities, post-approval clinical data, labeling, advertising and promotional activities
for such product, will be subject to continual requirements of and review by the FDA and other regulatory authorities. These requirements
include submissions of promotional materials and safety and other post-marketing information and reports, registration and listing requirements,
current Good Manufacturing Practice cGMP requirements for product facilities, quality assurance and corresponding maintenance
of records and documents and requirements regarding the distribution of samples to physicians and related recordkeeping. Even if marketing
approval of a product candidate is granted, the approval may be subject to limitations on the indicated uses for which the product may
be marketed or to the conditions of approval or contain requirements for costly post-marketing testing and surveillance to monitor the
safety or efficacy of the medicine. The FDA closely regulates the post-approval marketing and promotion of drugs to ensure that
they are marketed only for the approved indications and in accordance with the provisions of the approved labeling. However, companies
may share truthful and not misleading information that is otherwise consistent with the product s FDA approved labeling. The FDA
imposes stringent restrictions on manufacturers communications regarding off-label use and if we do not comply with these restrictions,
we may be subject to enforcement actions. 

In addition, later discovery of previously unknown
problems with our products, manufacturers or manufacturing processes and facilities or failure to comply with regulatory requirements,
may result in, among other things: 

restrictions on such products, manufacturers or manufacturing processes
 or facilities; 

restrictions on the labeling, marketing, distribution or use of a product; 

requirements to conduct post-approval clinical trials, other studies
 or other post-approval commitments; 

warning or untitled letters; 

withdrawal or recall of the products from the market; 

refusal to approve pending applications or supplements to approved
 applications that we submit; 

fines, restitution or disgorgement of profits or revenue; 

- 41 - 

suspension or withdrawal of marketing approvals; 

refusal to permit the import or export of our products; 

product seizure; and 

injunctions or the imposition of civil or criminal penalties. 

We may expend our limited resources to
pursue a particular product candidate or indication and fail to capitalize on product candidates or indications that may be more profitable
or for which there is a greater likelihood of success. 

We have limited financial resources. As a result,
we may forego or delay pursuit of opportunities with future product candidates or for other indications that later prove to have greater
commercial potential than opportunities we pursue. Our resource allocation decisions may cause us to fail to capitalize on viable commercial
products or profitable market opportunities. Our spending on current and future research and development programs and product candidates
for specific indications may not yield any commercially viable products. If we do not accurately evaluate the commercial potential or
target markets for a particular product candidate or opportunity, we may relinquish valuable rights to that product candidate or opportunity
through collaboration, licensing or other royalty arrangements in cases in which it would have been more advantageous for us to retain
sole development and commercialization rights to such product candidate or opportunity. 

We may be adversely affected by the ongoing
coronavirus pandemic. 

The outbreak of the novel coronavirus COVID-19 has evolved into a global pandemic. The extent to which COVID-19 impacts our business and operating results will depend on future developments
that are highly uncertain and cannot be accurately predicted. 

Due to COVID-19, our planned project timelines may be delayed due
to reduced availability of human resources or critical supplies needed to carry out such plans. 

Moreover, our clinical trials may be affected
by COVID-19. Site initiation, participant recruitment and enrollment, participant dosing, availability and distribution of clinical trial
materials, study monitoring and data analysis may be paused or delayed due to changes in hospital or university policies, federal, state
or local regulations, prioritization of hospital resources toward pandemic efforts, or other reasons related to COVID-19. 

- 42 - 

The ultimate impact of COVID-19, or any other
health epidemic, is highly uncertain and subject to change. We do not yet know the full extent of potential delays or impacts on our
business, our clinical trials, our research programs, healthcare systems or the global economy as a whole. However, these effects could
have a material impact on our operations, and we will continue to monitor the situation closely. 

Our reliance on third parties heightens
the risks faced by our business. 

We rely on suppliers, vendors and partners for
certain key aspects of our business, including support for information technology systems and certain human resource functions. We do
not control these partners, but we depend on them in ways that may be significant to us. If these parties fail to meet our expectations
or fulfill their obligations to us, we may fail to receive the expected benefits. In addition, if any of these third parties fails to
comply with applicable laws and regulations in the course of its performance of services for us, there is a risk that we may be held
responsible for such violations as well. This risk is particularly serious in emerging markets, where corruption is often prevalent and
where many of the third parties on which we rely do not have internal compliance resources comparable to our own. Any such failures by
third parties, in emerging markets or elsewhere, could adversely affect our business, reputation, financial condition or results of operations. 

We intend to rely on third parties to conduct
our clinical trials and to conduct some aspects of our research and pre-clinical testing and those third parties may not perform satisfactorily,
including failing to meet deadlines for the completion of such trials, research or testing. 

We expect to rely on third parties, such as CROs,
contract manufacturers of clinical supplies, clinical data management organizations, medical institutions and clinical investigators,
to conduct our clinical trials and to conduct some aspects of our research and pre-clinical testing. These third parties may terminate
their engagements with us at any time. If these third parties do not successfully carry out their duties, meet expected deadlines or
conduct our studies in accordance with regulatory requirements or our stated protocols, we will not be able to obtain, or may be delayed
in obtaining, marketing approvals for our product candidates and will not be able to, or may be delayed in our efforts to, successfully
commercialize our product candidates. Furthermore, these third parties may also have relationships with other entities, some of which
may be our competitors. If we are required to enter into alternative arrangements, it could delay our product development activities. 

Our reliance on third parties for research and
development activities will reduce our control over these activities but will not relieve us of our responsibilities. For example, we
will remain responsible for ensuring that each of our clinical trials is conducted in accordance with the general investigational plan
and protocols for the trial. Moreover, the FDA and other international regulatory authorities require us to comply with GCP standards
for conducting, recording and reporting the results of clinical trials to assure that data and reported results are credible and accurate
and that the rights, integrity and confidentiality of trial participants are protected. We also are required to register ongoing clinical
trials and post the results of completed clinical trials on a government-sponsored database, available at www.clinicaltrials.gov, within
certain timeframes. Failure to do so can result in fines, adverse publicity and civil and criminal sanctions. 

- 43 - 

Upon commercialization of our products,
we may be dependent on third parties to market, distribute and sell our products. 

Our ability to receive revenues may be dependent
upon the sales and marketing efforts of any future co-marketing partners and third-party distributors. At this time, we have not entered
into an agreement with any commercialization partner and only plan to do so prior to commercialization. If we fail to reach an agreement
with any commercialization partner, or upon reaching such an agreement that partner fails to sell a large volume of our products, it
may have a negative impact on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

We have no experience manufacturing product
candidates on a clinical or commercial scale and will be dependent on third parties for the manufacture of our product candidates. If
we experience problems with any of these third parties, they could delay clinical development or marketing approval of our product candidates
or our ability to sell any approved products. 

We do not have any manufacturing facilities.
We expect to rely on third-party manufacturers for the manufacture of our product candidates for clinical trials and for commercial supply
of any product candidate for which we obtain marketing approval. 

We may be unable to establish agreements with
third-party manufacturers for clinical or commercial supply on terms favorable to us, or at all. Even if we are able to establish agreements
with third-party manufacturers, reliance on third-party manufacturers entails additional risks, including: 

reliance on the third party for regulatory compliance and quality assurance; 

the possible breach of the manufacturing agreement by the third party,
 including the inability to supply sufficient quantities or to meet quality standards or timelines; and 

the possible termination or nonrenewal of the agreement by the third
 party at a time that is costly or inconvenient for us. 

Third-party manufacturers may not be able to
comply with U.S. cGMPs or similar regulatory requirements outside the United States. Our failure, or the failure of our third-party manufacturers,
to comply with cGMPs or other applicable regulations, even if such failures do not relate specifically to our product candidates or approved
products, could result in sanctions being imposed on us or the manufacturers, including fines, injunctions, civil penalties, delays,
suspension or withdrawal of approvals, license revocation, seizures or recalls of product candidates, operating restrictions and criminal
prosecutions, any of which could adversely affect supplies of our product candidates and harm our business and results of operations. 

Any product that we develop may compete with
other product candidates and products for access to these manufacturing facilities. There are a limited number of manufacturers that
operate under cGMPs and that might be capable of manufacturing for us. 

Any performance failure on the part of our manufacturers,
including a failure that may not relate specifically to our product candidates or approved products, could delay clinical development
or marketing approval or adversely impact our ability to generate commercial sales. If our contract manufacturers cannot perform as agreed,
we may be required to replace that manufacturer. 

Our anticipated future dependence upon others
for the manufacture of our current and future product candidates or products may adversely affect our future profit margins and our ability
to commercialize any product candidates that receive marketing approval on a timely and competitive basis. 

Furthermore, we expect to rely on third parties
to release, label, store and distribute drug supplies for our clinical trials. Any performance failure on the part of these third parties,
including a failure that may not relate specifically to our product candidates, could delay or otherwise adversely impact clinical development
or marketing approval of our product candidates or commercialization of our drug, producing losses and depriving us of potential revenue. 

Moreover, our manufacturers and suppliers may
experience difficulties related to their overall businesses and financial stability, which could result in delays or interruptions of
supply of our product candidates. 

- 44 - 

We may have conflicts with our partners
that could delay or prevent the development or commercialization of our current and future product candidates. 

We may have conflicts with our partners, such
as conflicts concerning the interpretation of pre-clinical or clinical data, the achievement of milestones, the interpretation of contractual
obligations, payments for services, development obligations or the ownership of intellectual property developed during our collaboration.
If any conflicts arise with any of our partners, such partner may act in a manner that is adverse to our best interests. Any such disagreement
could result in one or more of the following, each of which could delay or prevent the development or commercialization of our current
and future product candidates, and in turn prevent us from generating revenues: 

unwillingness on the part of a partner to pay us milestone payments
 or royalties we believe are due to us under a collaboration; 

uncertainty regarding ownership of intellectual property rights arising
 from our collaborative activities, which could prevent us from entering into additional collaborations; 

unwillingness by the partner to cooperate in the development or manufacture
 of the product, including providing us with product data or materials; 

unwillingness on the part of a partner to keep us informed regarding
 the progress of its development and commercialization activities or to permit public disclosure of the results of those activities; 

initiating of litigation or alternative dispute resolution options
 by either party to resolve the dispute; or 

attempts by either party to terminate the agreement. 

Our products will face significant competition,
and if they are unable to compete successfully, our business will suffer. 

Our current product candidates and future candidates
face, and will continue to face, intense competition from large pharmaceutical companies, as well as academic and research institutions.
We compete in an industry that is characterized by: (i) rapid technological change, (ii) evolving industry standards, (iii) emerging
competition and (iv) new product introductions. Our competitors have existing products and technologies that will compete with our products
and technologies and may develop and commercialize additional products and technologies that will compete with our products and technologies.
Because several competing companies and institutions have greater financial resources than us, they may be able to: (i) provide broader
services and product lines, (ii) make greater investments in research and development and (iii) carry on larger research and development
initiatives. Our competitors also have greater development capabilities than we do and have substantially greater experience in undertaking
pre-clinical and clinical testing of products, obtaining regulatory approvals, and manufacturing and marketing pharmaceutical products.
They also have greater name recognition and better access to customers than us. 

Product liability lawsuits against us could
cause us to incur substantial liabilities and to limit commercialization of any products that we may develop. 

We face an inherent risk of product liability
exposure related to the testing of our current product candidates or future product candidates in human clinical trials and will face
an even greater risk if we commercially sell any products that we may develop. Product liability claims may be brought against us by
subjects enrolled in our clinical trials, patients, healthcare providers or others using, administering or selling our product. If we
cannot successfully defend ourselves against claims that our product candidates or product caused injuries, we could incur substantial
liabilities. Regardless of merit or eventual outcome, liability claims may result in: 

decreased demand for any product candidates or products that we may
 develop; 

termination of clinical trial sites or entire clinical trial programs; 

injury to our reputation and significant negative media attention; 

- 45 - 

withdrawal of clinical trial participants; 

significant costs to defend the related litigation; 

substantial monetary awards to trial subjects or patients; 

loss of revenue; 

diversion of management and scientific resources from our business
 operations; and 

the inability to commercialize any products that we may develop. 

Prior to engaging in future clinical trials,
we intend to obtain product liability insurance coverage at a level that we believe is customary for similarly situated companies and
adequate to provide us with insurance coverage for foreseeable risks; however, we may be unable to obtain such coverage at a reasonable
cost, if at all. If we are able to obtain product liability insurance, we may not be able to maintain insurance coverage at a reasonable
cost or in an amount adequate to satisfy any liability that may arise and such insurance may not be adequate to cover all liabilities
that we may incur. Furthermore, we intend to expand our insurance coverage for products to include the sale of commercial products if
we obtain regulatory approval for our product candidates in development, but we may be unable to obtain commercially reasonable product
liability insurance for any products that receive regulatory approval. Large judgments have been awarded in class action lawsuits
based on drugs that had unanticipated side effects. A successful product liability claim or series of claims brought against us, particularly
if judgments exceed our insurance coverage, could decrease our cash and adversely affect our business. 

We may engage in acquisitions that could
disrupt our business, cause dilution to our stockholders or reduce our financial resources. 

In the future, we may enter into transactions
to acquire other businesses, products or technologies. If we do identify suitable candidates, we may not be able to make such acquisitions
on favorable terms, or at all. Any acquisitions we make may fail to strengthen our competitive position and these transactions may be
viewed negatively by customers or investors. We may decide to incur debt in connection with an acquisition or issue our common stock
or other equity securities to the stockholders of the acquired company, which would reduce the percentage ownership of our existing stockholders.
We could incur losses resulting from undiscovered liabilities of the acquired business that are not covered by the indemnification we
may obtain from the seller. In addition, we may not be able to successfully integrate the acquired personnel, technologies and operations
into our existing business in an effective, timely and non-disruptive manner. Acquisitions may also divert management attention from
day-to-day responsibilities, increase our expenses and reduce our cash available for operations and other uses. We cannot predict the
number, timing or size of future acquisitions or the effect that any such transactions might have on our operating results. 

Security threats to our information technology
infrastructure and/or our physical buildings could expose us to liability and damage our reputation and business. 

It is essential to our business strategy that
our technology and network infrastructure and our physical buildings remain secure and are perceived by our customers and corporate partners
to be secure. Despite security measures, however, any network infrastructure may be vulnerable to cyber-attacks by hackers and other
security threats. We may face cyber-attacks that attempt to penetrate our network security, sabotage or otherwise disable our research,
products and services, misappropriate our or our customers and partners proprietary information, which may include personally
identifiable information, or cause interruptions of our internal systems and services. Despite security measures, we also cannot guarantee
security of our physical buildings. Physical building penetration or any cyber-attacks could negatively affect our reputation, damage
our network infrastructure and our ability to deploy our products and services, harm our relationship with customers and partners that
are affected, and expose us to financial liability. 

- 46 - 

Additionally, there are a number of state, federal
and international laws protecting the privacy and security of health information and personal data. For example, the Health Insurance
Portability and Accountability Act of 1996 HIPAA imposes limitations on the use and disclosure of an individual s
healthcare information by healthcare providers, healthcare clearinghouses, and health insurance plans, or, collectively, covered entities,
and also grants individuals rights with respect to their health information. HIPAA also imposes compliance obligations and corresponding
penalties for non-compliance on individuals and entities that provide services to healthcare providers and other covered entities.
As part of the American Recovery and Reinvestment Act of 2009 ARRA the privacy and security provisions of HIPAA were
amended. ARRA also made significant increases in the penalties for improper use or disclosure of an individual s health information
under HIPAA and extended enforcement authority to state attorneys general. As amended by ARRA and subsequently by the final omnibus rule
adopted in 2013, HIPAA also imposes notification requirements on covered entities in the event that certain health information has been
inappropriately accessed or disclosed, notification requirements to individuals, federal regulators, and in some cases, notification
to local and national media. Notification is not required under HIPAA if the health information that is improperly used or disclosed
is deemed secured in accordance with encryption or other standards developed by the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services. Most
states have laws requiring notification of affected individuals and/or state regulators in the event of a breach of personal information,
which is a broader class of information than the health information protected by HIPAA. Many state laws impose significant data security
requirements, such as encryption or mandatory contractual terms, to ensure ongoing protection of personal information. Activities outside
of the U.S. implicate local and national data protection standards, impose additional compliance requirements and generate additional
risks of enforcement for non-compliance. We may be required to expend significant capital and other resources to
ensure ongoing compliance with applicable privacy and data security laws, to protect against security breaches and hackers or to alleviate
problems caused by such breaches. 

We will need to grow the size of our organization
in the future, and we may experience difficulties in managing this growth. 

As of December 31, 2022, we had 12 full-time employees.
We will need to grow the size of our organization in order to support our continued development and potential commercialization of our
product candidates. As our development and commercialization plans and strategies continue to develop, our need for additional managerial,
operational, manufacturing, sales, marketing, financial and other resources may increase. Our management, personnel and systems currently
in place may not be adequate to support this future growth. Future growth would impose significant added responsibilities on members
of management, including: 

managing our clinical trials effectively; 

identifying, recruiting, maintaining, motivating and integrating additional
 employees; 

managing our internal development efforts effectively while complying
 with our contractual obligations to licensors, licensees, contractors and other third parties; 

improving our managerial, development, operational, information technology,
 and finance systems; and 

expanding our facilities. 

If our operations expand, we will also need to
manage additional relationships with various strategic partners, suppliers and other third parties. Our future financial performance
and our ability to commercialize our product candidates and to compete effectively will depend, in part, on our ability to manage any
future growth effectively, as well as our ability to develop a sales and marketing force when appropriate. To that end, we must be able
to manage our development efforts and pre-clinical studies and clinical trials effectively and hire, train and integrate additional management,
research and development, manufacturing, administrative and sales and marketing personnel. The failure to accomplish any of these tasks
could prevent us from successfully growing our company. 

Our future success depends on our ability
to retain our executive officers and to attract, retain and motivate qualified personnel. 

We are highly dependent upon our personnel, including
Dr. Shalabh Gupta, our Chief Executive Officer and members of our board of directors. The loss of Dr. Gupta s services could
impede the achievement of our research, development and commercialization objectives. We have not obtained, do not own, nor are we the
beneficiary of, key-person life insurance. Our future growth and success depend on our ability to recruit, retain, manage and motivate
our employees. The loss of any member of our senior management team or the inability to hire or retain experienced management personnel
could compromise our ability to execute our business plan and harm our operating results. Because of the specialized scientific and managerial
nature of our business, we rely heavily on our ability to attract and retain qualified scientific, technical and managerial personnel.
The competition for qualified personnel in the pharmaceutical field is intense and as a result, we may be unable to continue to attract
and retain qualified personnel necessary for the development of our business. 

- 47 - 

Our Chief Executive
Officer, Dr. Shalabh Gupta, is also the Chief Executive Officer of Globavir Biosciences, Inc. Globavir and may allocate
his time to such other business thereby causing conflicts of interest in his determination as to how much time to devote to our affairs.
Furthermore, certain members of our Board of Directors are members of the board of directors of Globavir and may allocate their time
to, among other ventures, the business of Globavir which may cause conflicts of interest with respect to their determination as to how
much time to devote to our affairs. This could have a negative impact on our ability to implement our plan of operation. 

Our Chief Executive
Officer, Dr. Shalabh Gupta, is also the Chief Executive Officer of Globavir and may not commit his full time to our affairs, which may
result in a conflict of interest in allocating his time between our business and the other business. Similarly, certain members of our
Board of Directors are members of the board of directors of Globavir and may not commit their full time to our affairs, which may result
in a conflict of interest in allocating their time between our business and the other business. Furthermore, neither our Chief Executive
Officer, our executive team, nor our directors are obligated to contribute any specific number of his hours per week to our affairs.
If other business affairs require our Chief Executive Officer and/or directors to devote more amounts of time to other affairs, including
the business of Globavir, it could limit their ability to devote time to our affairs and could have a negative impact on our ability
to implement our plan of operation. 

Inadequate funding for the FDA, the U.S.
Securities and Exchange Commission SEC and other government agencies could hinder their ability to hire and retain key
leadership and other personnel, prevent new products and services from being developed or commercialized in a timely manner or otherwise
prevent those agencies from performing normal business functions on which the operation of our business may rely, which could negatively
impact our business. 

The ability of the FDA to review and approve
new products can be affected by a variety of factors, including government budget and funding levels, ability to hire and retain key
personnel and accept the payment of user fees, and statutory, regulatory, and policy changes. Average review times at the agency have
fluctuated in recent years as a result. In addition, government funding of the SEC and other government agencies on which our operations
may rely, including those that fund research and development activities is subject to the political process, which is inherently fluid
and unpredictable. 

Disruptions at the FDA and other agencies may
also slow the time necessary for new drugs to be reviewed and/or approved by necessary government agencies, which would adversely affect
our business. For example, over the last several years, including beginning on December 22, 2018, the U.S. government has shut down
several times and certain regulatory agencies, such as the FDA and the SEC, have had to furlough critical FDA, SEC and other government
employees and stop critical activities. If a prolonged government shutdown occurs, it could significantly impact the ability of the FDA
to timely review and process our regulatory submissions, which could have a material adverse effect on our business. Further, upon completion
of this offering and in our operations as a public company, future government shutdowns could impact our ability to access the public
markets and obtain necessary capital in order to properly capitalize and continue our operations. 

- 48 - 

Risks Related to Our Intellectual Property 

Our UNI 494 product candidate is subject
to an exclusive license agreement. If we fail to meet our obligations and the license is terminated, we may not be able to continue to
develop our product candidates. 

On October 1, 2017, we entered into an exclusive
license agreement (the Sphaera License Agreement with Sphaera Pharma Pte. Ltd., a Singaporean pharmaceutical corporation Sphaera ). Pursuant to the Sphaera License Agreement, we acquired an exclusive royalty-bearing worldwide license to develop,
make, have made, use, practice, research, distribute, lease, sell, offer for sale, license, import or otherwise dispose of certain rights
owned or controlled by Sphaera and/or any of its affiliates, related to UNI 494 (the UNI 494 Rights ). We also acquired
a non-exclusive license to certain know-how and technology related to the UNI 494 Rights. In the event that either party to the Sphaera
License Agreement breaches any of its material obligations thereunder, the nonbreaching party, at its sole option and discretion, will
have the right to terminate the Sphaera License Agreement, provided that it must give the breaching party written notice specifying the
nature of the breach, amounts of certain royalties and other payments then due, if any. The non-breaching Party s termination notice
is effective 90 days from receipt of the written notice if the breaching party has failed to cure such breach within the 90-day period.
If the Sphaera License Agreement were to be terminated by Sphaera due to our material breach, we would lose a significant asset and may
no longer be able to develop our product candidates, which would have a material adverse effect on our operations. 

It is difficult and costly to protect our
proprietary rights, and we may not be able to ensure their protection. If our patent position does not adequately protect our product
candidates, others could compete against us more directly, which would harm our business, possibly materially. 

Our commercial success will depend in part on
obtaining and maintaining patent protection and trade secret protection of our current product candidates and future product candidates,
the processes used to manufacture them and the methods for using them, as well as successfully defending these patents against third-party challenges.
Our ability to stop third parties from making, using, selling, offering to sell or importing our product candidates is dependent upon
the extent to which we have rights under valid and enforceable patents or trade secrets that cover these activities. 

The patent positions of biotechnology and pharmaceutical
companies can be highly uncertain and involve complex legal and factual questions for which important legal principles remain unresolved.
No consistent policy regarding the breadth of claims allowed in pharmaceutical patents has emerged to date in the U.S. or in foreign
jurisdictions outside of the U.S. Changes in either the patent laws or interpretations of patent laws in the U.S. and other countries
may diminish the value of our intellectual property. Accordingly, we cannot predict the breadth of claims that may be enforced in the
patents that may be issued from the applications we currently license or may in the future own or license from third parties. Further,
if any patents we obtain or license are deemed invalid and unenforceable, our ability to commercialize or license our product candidates
or technology could be adversely affected. 

Others may file patent applications covering
products and technologies that are similar, identical or competitive to ours or important to our business. We cannot be certain that
any patent application owned by a third party will not have priority over patent applications filed or in-licensed by us, or that
we or our licensors will not be involved in interference, opposition, reexamination, review, reissue, post grant review or invalidity
proceedings before U.S. or non-U.S. patent offices. 

The degree of future protection for our proprietary
rights is uncertain because legal means afford only limited protection and may not adequately protect our rights or permit us to gain
or keep our competitive advantage. For example: 

others may be able to make compounds that are similar to our product
 candidates, but that are not covered by the claims of our licensed patents; 

any patents that we obtain from licensing or otherwise may not provide
 us with any competitive advantages; 

any granted patents that we rely upon may be held invalid or unenforceable
 as a result of legal challenges by third parties; and 

the patents of others may have an adverse effect on our business. 

- 49 - 

If we fail to comply with our obligations
in the agreements under which we may license intellectual property rights from third parties or otherwise experience disruptions to our
business relationships with our licensors, we could lose rights that are important to our business. 

We may be required to enter into intellectual
property license agreements that are important to our business. These license agreements may impose various diligence, milestone payment,
royalty and other obligations on us. For example, we may enter into exclusive license agreements with various universities and research
institutions, we may be required to use commercially reasonable efforts to engage in various development and commercialization activities
with respect to licensed products, and may need to satisfy specified milestone and royalty payment obligations. If we fail to comply
with any obligations under our agreements with any of these licensors, we may be subject to termination of the license agreement in whole
or in part; increased financial obligations to our licensors or loss of exclusivity in a particular field or territory, in which case
our ability to develop or commercialize products covered by the license agreement will be impaired. 

In addition, disputes may arise regarding intellectual
property subject to a license agreement, including: 

the scope of rights granted under the license agreement and other interpretation-related issues; 

the extent to which our technology and processes infringe on intellectual
 property of the licensor that is not subject to the licensing agreement; 

our diligence obligations under the license agreement and what activities
 satisfy those obligations; 

if a third-party expresses interest in an area under a license
 that we are not pursuing, under the terms of certain of our license agreements, we may be required to sublicense rights in that area
 to a third party, and that sublicense could harm our business; and 

the ownership of inventions and know-how resulting from the joint
 creation or use of intellectual property by our licensors and us. 

If disputes over intellectual property that we
have licensed prevent or impair our ability to maintain our current licensing arrangements on acceptable terms, we may be unable to successfully
develop and commercialize our product candidates. 

We may need to obtain licenses from third parties
to advance our research or allow commercialization of our product candidates. We may fail to obtain any of these licenses at a reasonable
cost or on reasonable terms, if at all. In that event, we would be unable to further develop and commercialize our product candidates,
which could harm our business significantly. 

We may infringe the intellectual property
rights of others, which may prevent or delay our product development efforts and stop us from commercializing or increase the costs of
commercializing our product candidates. 

Our success will depend in part on our ability
to operate without infringing the proprietary rights of third parties. We cannot guarantee that our product candidates, or manufacture
or use of our product candidates, will not infringe third-party patents. Furthermore, a third party may claim that we are using
inventions covered by the third party s patent rights and may go to court to stop us from engaging in our normal operations and
activities, including making or selling our product candidates. These lawsuits are costly and could affect our results of operations
and divert the attention of managerial and scientific personnel. Some of these third parties may be better capitalized and have more
resources than us. There is a risk that a court would decide that we are infringing the third party s patents and would order us
to stop the activities covered by the patents. In that event, we may not have a viable way around the patent and may need to halt commercialization
of our product candidates. In addition, there is a risk that a court will order us to pay the other party damages for having violated
the other party s patents. In addition, we may be obligated to indemnify our licensors and collaborators against certain intellectual
property infringement claims brought by third parties, which could require us to expend additional resources. The pharmaceutical
and biotechnology industries have produced a proliferation of patents, and it is not always clear to industry participants, including
us, which patents cover various types of products or methods of use. The coverage of patents is subject to interpretation by the courts,
and the interpretation is not always uniform. 

- 50 - 

If we are sued for patent infringement, we would
need to demonstrate that our product candidates or methods either do not infringe the patent claims of the relevant patent or that the
patent claims are invalid, and we may not be able to do this. Proving invalidity is difficult. For example, in the U.S., proving invalidity
requires a showing of clear and convincing evidence to overcome the presumption of validity enjoyed by issued patents. Even if we are
successful in these proceedings, we may incur substantial costs and diversion of management s time and attention in pursuing these
proceedings, which could have a material adverse effect on us. If we are unable to avoid infringing the patent rights of others, we may
be required to seek a license, which may not be available, defend an infringement action or challenge the validity of the patents in
court. Patent litigation is costly and time consuming. We may not have sufficient resources to bring these actions to a successful conclusion.
In addition, if we do not obtain a license, develop or obtain non-infringing technology, fail to defend an infringement action successfully
or have infringed patents declared invalid, we may incur substantial monetary damages, encounter significant delays in bringing our product
candidates to market and be precluded from manufacturing or selling our product candidates. 

Some of our competitors may be able to sustain
the costs of complex patent litigation more effectively than us or the third parties from whom we license intellectual property because
they have substantially greater resources. In addition, any uncertainties resulting from the initiation and continuation of any litigation
could have a material adverse effect on our ability to raise the funds necessary to continue our operations. 

If we are not able to adequately prevent
disclosure of trade secrets and other proprietary information, the value of our technology and product could be significantly diminished. 

We also rely on trade secrets to protect our
proprietary technologies, especially where we do not believe patent protection is appropriate or obtainable. However, trade secrets are
difficult to protect. We rely in part on confidentiality agreements with our employees, consultants, outside scientific collaborators,
sponsored researchers and other advisors to protect our trade secrets and other proprietary information. These agreements may not effectively
prevent disclosure of confidential information and may not provide an adequate remedy in the event of unauthorized disclosure of confidential
information. In addition, others may independently discover our trade secrets and proprietary information. For example, the FDA, as part
of its transparency initiative, is currently considering whether to make additional information publicly available on a routine basis,
including information that we may consider to be trade secrets or other proprietary information, and it is not clear at the present time
how the FDA s disclosure policies may change in the future, if at all. Costly and time-consuming litigation could be necessary
to enforce and determine the scope of our proprietary rights, and failure to obtain or maintain trade secret protection could adversely
affect our competitive business position. 

We may be subject to claims that our employees
or consultants have wrongfully used or disclosed alleged trade secrets. 

As is common in the biotechnology and pharmaceutical
industries, we employ individuals who were previously employed at other biotechnology or pharmaceutical companies, including our competitors
or potential competitors. Although we try to ensure that our employees and consultants do not use the proprietary information or know-how of
others in their work for us, we may be subject to claims that we or our employees or consultants have inadvertently or otherwise used
or disclosed trade secrets or other proprietary information of their former employers. Litigation may be necessary to defend against
these claims. If we fail in defending any such claims, in addition to paying monetary damages, we could lose valuable intellectual property
rights or personnel, which could adversely impact our business. Even if we are successful in defending against these claims, litigation
could result in substantial costs and be a distraction to management. 

Our intellectual property may not be sufficient
to protect our product candidates from competition, which may negatively affect our business as well as limit our partnership or acquisition
appeal. 

We may be subject to competition despite the
existence of intellectual property we license or may in the future own. We can give no assurances that our intellectual property claims
will be sufficient to prevent third parties from designing around patents we own or license and developing and commercializing competitive
products. The existence of competitive products that avoid our intellectual property could materially adversely affect our operating
results and financial condition. Furthermore, limitations, or perceived limitations, in our intellectual property may limit the interest
of third parties to partner, collaborate or otherwise transact with us, if third parties perceive a higher than acceptable risk to commercialization
of our product candidates or future product candidates. 

- 51 - 

We may elect to sue a third party, or otherwise
make a claim, alleging infringement or other violation of patents, trademarks, trade dress, copyrights, trade secrets, domain names or
other intellectual property rights that we either own or license from a third party. If we do not prevail in enforcing our intellectual
property rights in this type of litigation, we may be subject to: 

paying monetary damages related to the legal expenses of the third
 party; 

facing additional competition that may have a significant adverse effect
 on our product pricing, market share, business operations, financial condition, and the commercial viability of our product; and 

restructuring our company or delaying or terminating select business
 opportunities, including, but not limited to, research and development, clinical trial, and commercialization activities, due to
 a potential deterioration of our financial condition or market competitiveness. 

A third party may also challenge the validity,
enforceability or scope of the intellectual property rights that we license or own and the result of these challenges may narrow the
scope or claims of or invalidate patents that are integral to our product candidates in the future. There can be no assurance that we
will be able to successfully defend patents we own or license in an action against third parties due to the unpredictability of litigation
and the high costs associated with intellectual property litigation, amongst other factors. 

Intellectual property rights and enforcement
may be less extensive in jurisdictions outside of the U.S. Therefore, we may not be able to protect our intellectual property and third
parties may be able to market competitive products that may use some or all of our intellectual property. 

Changes to patent law, including the Leahy-Smith America
Invests Act of 2011 and the Patent Reform Act of 2009 and other future article of legislation, may substantially change the regulations
and procedures surrounding patent applications, issuance of patents and prosecution of patents. We can give no assurances that the patents
of our licensor can be defended or will protect us against future intellectual property challenges, particularly as they pertain to changes
in patent law and future patent law interpretations. 

Risks Related to Healthcare Compliance and
Other Regulations 

If we fail to comply with healthcare regulations,
we could face substantial enforcement actions, including civil and criminal penalties and our business, operations and financial condition
could be adversely affected. 

We could be subject to healthcare fraud and abuse
laws and patient privacy laws of both the federal government and the states in which we conduct our business. The laws include: 

the federal healthcare program anti-kickback law, which prohibits,
 among other things, persons from soliciting, receiving or providing remuneration, directly or indirectly, to induce either the referral
 of an individual, for an item or service or the purchasing or ordering of a good or service, for which payment may be made under
 federal healthcare programs such as the Medicare and Medicaid programs; 

federal false claims laws which prohibit, among other things, individuals
 or entities from knowingly presenting, or causing to be presented, claims for payment from Medicare, Medicaid, or other third-party
 payers that are false or fraudulent, and which may apply to entities like us which provide coding and billing information to customers; 

HIPAA which prohibits executing a scheme to defraud any healthcare
 benefit program or making false statements relating to healthcare matters and which also imposes certain requirements relating to
 the privacy, security and transmission of individually identifiable health information; 

the FDCA which among other things, strictly regulates drug manufacturing
 and product marketing, prohibits manufacturers from marketing drug products for off-label use and regulates the
 distribution of drug samples; and 

state law equivalents of each of the above federal laws, such as anti-kickback
 and false claims laws which may apply to items or services reimbursed by any third-party payer, including commercial insurers, and
 state laws governing the privacy and security of health information in certain circumstances, many of which differ from each other
 in significant ways and often are not preempted by federal laws, thus complicating compliance efforts. 

- 52 - 

If our operations are found to be in violation
of any of the laws described above or any governmental regulations that apply to us, we may be subject to penalties, including civil
and criminal penalties, damages, fines and the curtailment or restructuring of our operations. Any penalties, damages, fines, curtailment
or restructuring of our operations could adversely affect our ability to operate our business and our financial results. Although compliance
programs can mitigate the risk of investigation and prosecution for violations of these laws, the risks cannot be entirely eliminated.
Any action against us for violation of these laws, even if we successfully defend against it, could cause us to incur significant legal
expenses and divert management s attention from the operation of our business. Moreover, achieving and sustaining compliance with
applicable federal and state privacy, security and fraud laws may prove costly. 

Healthcare Reform in the United States. 

In the United States, there have been, and continue
to be, a number of legislative and regulatory changes and proposed changes to the healthcare system that could affect the future results
of pharmaceutical manufactures operations. In particular, there have been and continue to be a number of initiatives at the federal
and state levels that seek to reduce healthcare costs. For example, the Affordable Care Act ACA ), which was originally
enacted in March 2010 and subsequently amended, includes measures to significantly change the way healthcare is financed by both governmental
and private insurers. Among the provisions of the ACA of greatest importance to the pharmaceutical and biotechnology industry are the
following: 

an annual, nondeductible fee on any entity that manufactures or imports
 certain branded prescription drugs and biologic agents, apportioned among these entities according to their market share in certain
 government healthcare programs; 

implementation of the federal physician payment transparency requirements,
 sometimes referred to as the Physician Payments Sunshine Act 

a licensure framework for follow-on biologic products; 

a new Patient-Centered Outcomes Research Institute to oversee, identify
 priorities in, and conduct comparative clinical effectiveness research, along with funding for such research; 

establishment of a Center for Medicare Innovation at the Centers for
 Medicare Medicaid Services to test innovative payment and service delivery models to lower Medicare and Medicaid spending,
 potentially including prescription drug spending; 

an increase in the statutory minimum rebates a manufacturer must pay
 under the Medicaid Drug Rebate Program, to 23.1 and 13 of the average manufacturer price for most branded and generic drugs, respectively
 and capped the total rebate amount for innovator drugs at 100 of the Average Manufacturer Price; 

a new methodology by which rebates owed by manufacturers under the
 Medicaid Drug Rebate Program are calculated for certain drugs and biologics, including our product candidates, that are inhaled,
 infused, instilled, implanted or injected; 

extension of manufacturers Medicaid rebate liability to covered
 drugs dispensed to individuals who are enrolled in Medicaid managed care organizations; 

expansion of eligibility criteria for Medicaid programs by, among other
 things, allowing states to offer Medicaid coverage to additional individuals and by adding new mandatory eligibility categories for
 individuals with income at or below 133 of the federal poverty level, thereby potentially increasing manufacturers Medicaid
 rebate liability; 

- 53 - 

a new Medicare Part D coverage gap discount program, in which manufacturers
 must agree to offer 50 point-of-sale discounts off negotiated prices of applicable brand drugs to eligible beneficiaries
 during their coverage gap period, as a condition for the manufacturer s outpatient drugs to be covered under Medicare Part
 D; and 

expansion of the entities eligible for discounts under the Public Health
 program. 

Some of the provisions of the ACA have yet to
be implemented, and there have been legal and political challenges to certain aspects of the ACA. The former Trump administration issued
certain executive orders and other directives designed to delay, circumvent, or loosen certain requirements mandated by the ACA. Concurrently,
Congress considered legislation that would repeal or repeal and replace all or part of the ACA. While Congress has not passed repeal
legislation, the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act of 2017 included a provision repealing, effective January 1, 2019, the tax-based shared
responsibility payment imposed by the ACA on certain individuals who fail to maintain qualifying health coverage for all or part of a
year that is commonly referred to as the individual mandate. Congress may consider other legislation to repeal or replace
elements of the ACA. 

Many of the details regarding the implementation
of the ACA are yet to be determined, and at this time, the full effect that the ACA would have on a pharmaceutical manufacturer remains
unclear. In particular, there is uncertainty surrounding the applicability of the biosimilars provisions under the ACA. This uncertainty
is heightened by President Biden s January 28, 2021 Executive Order on Strengthening Medicaid and the Affordable Care Act, which
indicates that the Biden administration may significantly modify the ACA and potentially revoke any changes implemented by the Trump
administration. 

The FDA has issued several guidance documents,
but no implementing regulations, on biosimilars. A number of biosimilar applications have been approved over the past few years. The
regulations that are ultimately promulgated and their implementation are likely to have considerable impact on the way pharmaceutical
manufacturers conduct their business and may require changes to current strategies. A biosimilar is a biological product that is highly
similar to an approved drug notwithstanding minor differences in clinically inactive components, and for which there are no clinically
meaningful differences between the biological product and the approved drug in terms of the safety, purity, and potency of the product. 

Individual states have become increasingly aggressive
in passing legislation and implementing regulations designed to control pharmaceutical and biological product pricing, including price
or patient reimbursement constraints, discounts, restrictions on certain product access, and marketing cost disclosure and transparency
measures, and to encourage importation from other countries and bulk purchasing. Legally mandated price controls on payment amounts by
third-party payors or other restrictions could harm a pharmaceutical manufacturer s business, results of operations, financial
condition and prospects. In addition, regional healthcare authorities and individual hospitals are increasingly using bidding procedures
to determine what pharmaceutical products and which suppliers will be included in their prescription drug and other healthcare programs.
This could reduce ultimate demand for certain products or put pressure product pricing, which could negatively affect a pharmaceutical
manufacturer s business, results of operations, financial condition and prospects. 

It is also possible that President Biden will
further reform the ACA and other federal programs in a manner that may impact our operations. For example, the Biden administration has
indicated that a goal of its administration is to expand and support Medicaid and the ACA and to make high-quality healthcare accessible
and affordable. The potential increase in patients covered by government funded insurance may impact our pricing. Further, it is possible
that the Biden administration may further increase the scrutiny on drug pricing. 

- 54 - 

In addition, given recent federal and state government
initiatives directed at lowering the total cost of healthcare, the Biden administration, Congress and state legislatures will likely
continue to focus on healthcare reform, the cost of prescription drugs and biologics and the reform of the Medicare and Medicaid programs.
For example, there have been several recent U.S. congressional inquiries and proposed federal and proposed and enacted state legislation
designed to, among other things, bring more transparency to drug pricing, review the relationship between pricing and manufacturer patient
programs, reduce the costs of drugs under Medicare and reform government program reimbursement methodologies for drug products. Further,
in July 2020, former President Trump issued a number of executive orders that are intended to lower the costs of prescription drug products
including one that directs HHS to finalize the rulemaking process on modifying the anti-kickback law safe harbors for discounts for plans,
pharmacies, and pharmaceutical benefit managers. No assurance can be given whether these orders will remain in effect under the Biden administration. 

While no one can predict the full outcome of
any such legislation, it may result in decreased reimbursement for drugs and biologics, which may further exacerbate industry-wide pressure
to reduce prescription drug prices. This could harm a pharmaceutical manufacturer s ability to generate revenue. Increases in importation
or re-importation of pharmaceutical products from foreign countries into the United States could put competitive pressure on
a pharmaceutical manufacturer s ability to profitably price products, which, in turn, could adversely affect business, results
of operations, financial condition and prospects. A pharmaceutical manufacturer might elect not to seek approval for or market products
in foreign jurisdictions in order to minimize the risk of re-importation, which could also reduce the revenue generated from
product sales. It is also possible that other legislative proposals having similar effects will be adopted. 

Furthermore, regulatory authorities assessment
of the data and results required to demonstrate safety and efficacy can change over time and can be affected by many factors, such as
the emergence of new information, including on other products, changing policies and agency funding, staffing and leadership. We cannot
be sure whether future changes to the regulatory environment will be favorable or unfavorable to our business prospects. For example,
average review times at the FDA for marketing approval applications can be affected by a variety of factors, including budget and funding
levels and statutory, regulatory and policy changes. 

Our employees may engage in misconduct
or other improper activities, including noncompliance with regulatory standards and requirements, which could cause significant liability
for us and harm our reputation. 

We are exposed to the risk of employee fraud
or other misconduct, including intentional failures to comply with FDA regulations or similar regulations of comparable foreign regulatory
authorities, provide accurate information to the FDA or comparable foreign regulatory authorities, comply with manufacturing standards
we have established, comply with federal and state healthcare fraud and abuse laws and regulations and similar laws and regulations established
and enforced by comparable foreign regulatory authorities, report financial information or data accurately or disclose unauthorized activities
to us. Employee misconduct could also involve the improper use of information obtained in the course of clinical trials, which could
result in regulatory sanctions and serious harm to our reputation. It is not always possible to identify and deter employee misconduct,
and the precautions we take to detect and prevent this activity may not be effective in controlling unknown or unmanaged risks or losses
or in protecting us from governmental investigations or other actions or lawsuits stemming from a failure to be in compliance with such
laws or regulations. If any such actions are instituted against us, and we are not successful in defending ourselves or asserting our
rights, those actions could have a significant impact on our business and results of operations, including the imposition of significant
civil, criminal and administrative penalties, damages, fines, imprisonment, exclusion from government funded healthcare programs, such
as Medicare and Medicaid, and integrity oversight and reporting obligations. 

We are subject to U.S. and certain foreign
export and import controls, sanctions, embargoes, anti-corruption laws and anti-money laundering laws and regulations. Compliance
with these legal standards could impair our ability to compete in domestic and international markets. We can face criminal liability
and other serious consequences for violations, which can harm our business. 

We are subject to export control and import laws
and regulations, including the U.S. Export Administration Regulations, U.S. Customs regulations, various economic and trade sanctions
regulations administered by the U.S. Treasury Department s Office of Foreign Assets Controls, the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices
Act of 1977, as amended, the U.S. domestic bribery statute contained in 18 U.S.C. 201, the U.S. Travel Act, the USA PATRIOT Act
and other state and national anti-bribery and anti-money laundering laws in the countries in which we conduct activities. Anti-corruption
laws are interpreted broadly and prohibit companies and their employees, agents, contractors, and other collaborators from authorizing,
promising, offering or providing, directly or indirectly, improper payments or anything else of value to recipients in the public or
private sector. We may engage third parties for clinical trials outside of the United States, to sell our products abroad once we
enter a commercialization phase and/or to obtain necessary permits, licenses, patent registrations, and other regulatory approvals. 
We have direct or indirect interactions with officials and employees of government agencies or government-affiliated hospitals, universities
and other organizations. We can be held liable for the corrupt or other illegal activities of our employees, agents, contractors and
other collaborators, even if we do not explicitly authorize or have actual knowledge of such activities. Any violations of the
laws and regulations described above may result in substantial civil and criminal fines and penalties, imprisonment, the loss of export
or import privileges, debarment, tax reassessments, breach of contract and fraud litigation, reputational harm and other consequences. 

- 55 - 

Risks Related to Owning our Common Stock 

The price of our common stock may fluctuate
substantially. 

You should consider an investment in our common
stock to be risky, and you should invest in our common stock only if you can withstand a significant loss and wide fluctuations in the
market value of your investment. Some factors that may cause the market price of our common stock to fluctuate, in addition to the other
risks mentioned in this Risk Factors section and elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, are: 

sale of our common stock by our stockholders, executives, and directors; 

volatility and limitations in trading volumes of our shares of common
 stock; 

our ability to obtain financings to conduct and complete research and
 development activities including, but not limited to, our clinical trials, and other business activities; 

possible delays in the expected recognition of revenue due to lengthy
 and sometimes unpredictable sales timelines; 

the timing and success of introductions of new products by us or our
 competitors or any other change in the competitive dynamics of our industry, including consolidation among competitors, customers
 or strategic partners; 

network outages or security breaches; 

our ability to secure resources and the necessary personnel to conduct
 clinical trials on our desired schedule; 

commencement, enrollment or results of our clinical trials for our
 product candidates or any future clinical trials we may conduct; 

changes in the development status of our product candidates; 

any delays or adverse developments or perceived adverse developments
 with respect to the FDA s review of our planned pre-clinical and clinical trials; 

any delay in our submission for studies or product approvals or adverse
 regulatory decisions, including failure to receive regulatory approval for our product candidates; 

unanticipated safety concerns related to the use of our product candidates; 

failures to meet external expectations or management guidance; 

changes in our capital structure or dividend policy, future issuances
 of securities, sales of large blocks of common stock by our stockholders; 

our cash position; 

announcements and events surrounding financing efforts, including debt
 and equity securities; 

our inability to enter into new markets or develop new products; 

- 56 - 

reputational issues; 

competition from existing technologies and products or new technologies
 and products that may emerge; 

announcements of acquisitions, partnerships, collaborations, joint
 ventures, new products, capital commitments, or other events by us or our competitors; 

changes in general economic, political and market conditions in or
 any of the regions in which we conduct our business; 

changes in industry conditions or perceptions; 

changes in valuations of similar companies or groups of companies; 

analyst research reports, recommendation and changes in recommendations,
 price targets, and withdrawals of coverage; 

departures and additions of key personnel; 

disputes and litigations related to intellectual property, proprietary
 rights, and contractual obligations; 

changes in applicable laws, rules, regulations, or accounting practices
 and other dynamics; and 

other events or factors, many of which may be out of our control. 

In addition, if the market for stocks in our
industry or industries related to our industry, or the stock market in general, experiences a loss of investor confidence, the trading
price of our common stock could decline for reasons unrelated to our business, financial condition and results of operations. If any
of the foregoing occurs, it could cause our stock price to fall and may expose us to lawsuits that, even if unsuccessful, could be costly
to defend and a distraction to management. 

We
do not intend to pay cash dividends on our shares of common stock so any returns will be limited to the value of our shares, except we
have agreed to pay cash dividends in the event Renazorb is approved by the FDA and commercial sales is commenced. 

We currently
anticipate that we will retain future earnings for the development, operation and expansion of our business and do not anticipate declaring
or paying any cash dividends for the foreseeable future, except that i n March 2023,we agreed with certain investors to modify our
dividend policy to state that we intend to pay dividends to all stockholders on a quarterly basis in an amount of which the aggregate
of all quarterly dividends shall equal at least seventy-five percent (75 of our annual net cash flow from operations following the approval
of Renazorb by the FDA if obtained, and the commencement of commercial sales. 

Market and economic conditions may negatively
impact our business, financial condition and share price. 

Concerns over medical epidemics, energy costs,
geopolitical issues, the U.S. mortgage market and a deteriorating real estate market, unstable global credit markets and financial conditions,
and volatile oil prices have led to periods of significant economic instability, diminished liquidity and credit availability, declines
in consumer confidence and discretionary spending, diminished expectations for the global economy and expectations of slower global economic
growth, increased unemployment rates, and increased credit defaults in recent years. Our general business strategy may be adversely affected
by any such economic downturns (including the current downturn related to the COVID-19 pandemic), volatile business environments
and continued unstable or unpredictable economic and market conditions. If these conditions continue to deteriorate or do not improve,
it may make any necessary debt or equity financing more difficult to complete, more costly, and more dilutive. Failure to secure any
necessary financing in a timely manner and on favorable terms could have a material adverse effect on our growth strategy, financial
performance, and share price and could require us to delay or abandon development or commercialization plans. 

If securities or industry analysts do not
publish research or reports, or publish unfavorable research or reports about our business, our stock price and trading volume may decline. 

The trading market for our common stock will
rely in part on the research and reports that industry or financial analysts publish about us, our business, our markets and our competitors.
We do not control these analysts. If securities analysts do not cover our common stock after the closing of this offering, the lack of
research coverage may adversely affect the market price of our common stock. Furthermore, if one or more of the analysts who do cover
us downgrade our stock or if those analysts issue other unfavorable commentary about us or our business, our stock price would likely
decline. If one or more of these analysts cease coverage of us or fails to regularly publish reports on us, we could lose visibility
in the market and interest in our stock could decrease, which in turn could cause our stock price or trading volume to decline and may
also impair our ability to expand our business with existing customers and attract new customers. 

- 57 - 

Our common stock may be delisted from The
Nasdaq Capital Market if we fail to comply with continued listing standards. 

If we fail to meet any of the continued listing standards of The Nasdaq
Capital Market, our common stock could be delisted from The Nasdaq Capital Market. These continued listing standards include specifically
enumerated criteria, such as: 

a
 1.00 minimum closing bid price; 

stockholders 
equity of 2.5 million; 

500,000
shares of publicly-held common stock with a market value of at least 1 million; 

300
round-lot stockholders; and 

compliance
with Nasdaq s corporate governance requirements, as well as additional or more stringent criteria that may be applied in the exercise
of Nasdaq s discretionary authority. 

On August 8, 2022, we
received a written notice (the Notice from the Nasdaq Stock Market LLC Nasdaq notifying us that were not
in compliance with Nasdaq Listing Rule 5550(a)(2) (the Rule ), as the minimum bid price of the Company s common stock
has been below 1.00 per share for 30 consecutive business days. On February 1, 2023, Nasdaq notified us that we had not regained compliance
with the Rule and were not eligible for a second 180 day period since we did not comply with the minimum 5,000,000 stockholders 
equity initial listing requirement for The Nasdaq Capital Market. 

We had requested a hearing
before the Nasdaq Hearings Panel and on February 28, 2023, Nasdaq granted to us an exception until July 24, 2023 to regain compliance
with the Rule. 

On March 28, 2023, we
received notice from Nasdaq that we had regained compliance with the minimum bid price requirement for continued listing on The Nasdaq
Capital Market. 

If we fail to comply
with Nasdaq s continued listing standards, we may be delisted and our common stock will trade, if at all, only on the over-the-counter
market, such as the OTC Bulletin Board or OTCQX market, and then only if one or more registered broker-dealer market makers comply with
quotation requirements. In addition, delisting of our common stock could depress our stock price, substantially limit liquidity of our
common stock and materially adversely affect our ability to raise capital on terms acceptable to us, or at all. Finally, delisting of
our common stock could result in our common stock becoming a penny stock under the Exchange Act. 

Because certain of our stockholders control
a significant number of shares of our common stock, they may have effective control over actions requiring stockholder approval. 

As of December 31, 2022, our directors, executive
officers and principal stockholders, and their respective affiliates, beneficially own approximately 62 of our outstanding shares of
common stock. As a result, these stockholders, acting together, have the ability to control the outcome of matters submitted to our stockholders
for approval, including the election of directors and any merger, consolidation or sale of all or substantially all of our assets. In
addition, these stockholders, acting together, have the ability to control the management and affairs of our company. Accordingly, this
concentration of ownership might harm the market price of our common stock by: 

delaying, deferring or preventing a change in corporate control; 

impeding a merger, consolidation, takeover or other business combination
 involving us; or 

discouraging a potential acquirer from making a tender offer or otherwise
 attempting to obtain control of us. 

We are an emerging growth company 
and will be able to avail ourselves of reduced disclosure requirements applicable to emerging growth companies, which could make our
common stock less attractive to investors. 

We are an emerging growth company, 
as defined in the JOBS Act and we intend to take advantage of certain exemptions from various reporting requirements that are applicable
to other public companies that are not emerging growth companies including not being required to comply with the auditor
attestation requirements of Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, reduced disclosure obligations regarding executive compensation
in our periodic reports and proxy statements, and exemptions from the requirements of holding a nonbinding advisory vote on executive
compensation and stockholder approval of any golden parachute payments not previously approved. In addition, pursuant to Section 107
of the JOBS Act, as an emerging growth company we intend to take advantage of the extended transition period provided in
Section 7(a)(2)(B) of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act ), for complying with new or revised
accounting standards. In other words, an emerging growth company can delay the adoption of certain accounting standards
until those standards would otherwise apply to private companies. We cannot predict if investors will find our common stock less attractive
because we may rely on these exemptions. If some investors find our common stock less attractive as a result, there may be a less active
trading market for our common stock and our stock price may be more volatile. We may take advantage of these reporting exemptions until
we are no longer an emerging growth company. We will remain an emerging growth company until the earliest
of (i) the last day of the fiscal year in which we have total annual gross revenues of 1.2 billion or more; (ii) the
last day of our fiscal year following the fifth anniversary of the date of the completion of this offering; (iii) the date on which
we have issued more than 1 billion in nonconvertible debt during the previous three years; or (iv) the date on which we are
deemed to be a large accelerated filer under the rules of the SEC. 

- 58 - 

We may be at risk of securities class action
litigation. 

We may be at risk of securities class action
litigation. In the past, biotechnology and pharmaceutical companies have experienced significant stock price volatility, particularly
when associated with binary events such as clinical trials and product approvals. If we face such litigation, it could result in substantial
costs and a diversion of management s attention and resources, which could harm our business and results in a decline in the market
price of our common stock. 

Our amended and restated certificate of
incorporation Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation and our amended and restated bylaws (the Amended
and Restated Bylaws ), and Delaware law may have anti-takeover effects that could discourage, delay or prevent a change in control,
which may cause our stock price to decline. 

Our Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation
and our Amended and Restated Bylaws and Delaware law could make it more difficult for a third party to acquire us, even if closing such
a transaction would be beneficial to our stockholders. We are authorized to issue up to 10 million shares of preferred stock. This preferred
stock may be issued in one or more series, the terms of which may be determined at the time of issuance by our board of directors without
further action by stockholders. The terms of any series of preferred stock may include voting rights (including the right to vote as
a series on particular matters), preferences as to dividend, liquidation, conversion and redemption rights and sinking fund provisions.
The issuance of any preferred stock could materially adversely affect the rights of the holders of our common stock, and therefore, reduce
the value of our common stock. In particular, specific rights granted to future holders of preferred stock could be used to restrict
our ability to merge with, or sell our assets to, a third party and thereby preserve control by the present management. 

Provisions of our Amended and Restated Certificate
of Incorporation, our Amended and Restated Bylaws and Delaware law also could have the effect of discouraging potential acquisition proposals
or making a tender offer or delaying or preventing a change in control, including changes a stockholder might consider favorable. Such
provisions may also prevent or frustrate attempts by our stockholders to replace or remove our management. In particular, our Amended
and Restated Certificate of Incorporation, our Amended and Restated Bylaws and Delaware law, as applicable, among other things: 

provide the board of directors with the ability to alter the bylaws
 without stockholder approval; 

place limitations on the removal of directors; 

establish advance notice requirements for nominations for election
 to the board of directors or for proposing matters that can be acted upon at stockholder meetings; and 

provide that vacancies on the board of directors may be filled by a
 majority of directors in office, although less than a quorum. 

Financial reporting obligations of being
a public company in the U.S. are expensive and time-consuming, and our management will be required to devote substantial time to compliance
matters. 

As a publicly traded company we will incur significant
additional legal, accounting and other expenses that we did not incur as a privately held company. The obligations of being a public
company in the U.S. require significant expenditures and will place significant demands on our management and other personnel, including
costs resulting from public company reporting obligations under the Exchange Act and the rules and regulations regarding corporate governance
practices, including those under the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act, and
the listing requirements of the stock exchange on which our securities are listed. These rules require the establishment and maintenance
of effective disclosure and financial controls and procedures, internal control over financial reporting and changes in corporate governance
practices, among many other complex rules that are often difficult to implement, monitor and maintain compliance with. Moreover, despite
recent reforms made possible by the JOBS Act, the reporting requirements, rules, and regulations will make some activities more time-consuming and
costly, particularly after we are no longer an emerging growth company. In addition, we expect these rules and regulations
to make it more difficult and more expensive for us to obtain director and officer liability insurance. Our management and other personnel
will need to devote a substantial amount of time to ensure that we comply with all of these requirements and to keep pace with new regulations,
otherwise we may fall out of compliance and risk becoming subject to litigation or being delisted, among other potential problems. 

- 59 - 

Our Amended and Restated Certificate of
Incorporation, provides that the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware will be the sole and exclusive forum for substantially all
disputes between the Company and its stockholders, which could limit stockholders ability to obtain a favorable judicial forum
for disputes with the Company or its directors, officers or employees. 

Our Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation,
provides that unless we consent in writing to the selection of an alternative forum, the State of Delaware is the sole and exclusive
forum for: (i) any derivative action or proceeding brought on behalf of us, (ii) any action asserting a claim of breach of a fiduciary
duty owed by any director, officer or other employee of our Company to us or our stockholders, (iii) any action asserting a claim against
us, our directors, officers or employees arising pursuant to any provision of the Delaware General Corporation Law (the DGCL or our Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation or our Amended and Restated Bylaws or (iv) any action asserting a claim against
us, our directors, officers, employees or agents governed by the internal affairs doctrine, except for, as to each of (i) through (iv)
above, any claim as to which the Court of Chancery determines that there is an indispensable party not subject to the jurisdiction of
the Court of Chancery (and the indispensable party does not consent to the personal jurisdiction of the Court of Chancery within ten
days following such determination), which is vested in the exclusive jurisdiction of a court or forum other than the Court of Chancery,
or for which the Court of Chancery does not have subject matter jurisdiction. This exclusive forum provision would not apply to suits
brought to enforce any liability or duty created by the Securities Act, the Exchange Act, or other federal securities laws or any other
claim for which the federal courts have exclusive jurisdiction. To the extent that any such claims may be based upon federal law claims,
Section 27 of the Exchange Act creates exclusive federal jurisdiction over all suits brought to enforce any duty or liability created
by the Exchange Act or the rules and regulations thereunder. 

Section 22 of the Securities Act creates concurrent
jurisdiction for federal and state courts over all suits brought to enforce any duty or liability created by the Securities Act or the
rules and regulations thereunder. However, our Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation contains a federal forum provision which
provides that unless we consent in writing to the selection of an alternative forum, the federal district courts of the United States
of America will be the exclusive forum for the resolution of any complaint asserting a cause of action arising under the Securities Act.
Any person or entity purchasing or otherwise acquiring any interest in shares of our capital stock are deemed to have notice of and consented
to this provision. The Supreme Court of Delaware has held that this type of exclusive federal forum provision is enforceable. There may
be uncertainty, however, as to whether courts of other jurisdictions would enforce this provision, if applicable. 

These choice of forum provisions may limit a
stockholder s ability to bring a claim in a judicial forum that it finds favorable for disputes with us or our directors, officers
or other employees, which may discourage such lawsuits against us and our directors, officers and other employees. Alternatively, if
a court were to find our choice of forum provisions contained in our Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation to be inapplicable
or unenforceable in an action, we may incur additional costs associated with resolving such action in other jurisdictions, which could
harm our business, results of operations, and financial condition. 

- 60 - 

Failure to maintain
effective internal controls could cause our investors to lose confidence in us and adversely affect the market price of our common stock.
If our internal controls are not effective, we may not be able to accurately report our financial results or prevent fraud. 

Effective internal control
over financial reporting is necessary for us to provide reliable financial reports in a timely manner. In connection with the preparation
of our financial statements for the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2022, we concluded that there were material weaknesses in
our internal control over financial reporting. A material weakness is a significant deficiency, or a combination of significant deficiencies,
in internal control over financial reporting such that it is reasonably possible that a material misstatement of the annual or interim
financial statements will not be prevented or detected on a timely basis. Specifically, we lack a sufficient number of professionals
with an appropriate level of accounting knowledge, training and experience to appropriately analyze, record and disclose accounting matters
timely and accurately while maintaining appropriate segregation of duties. While we are taking steps to remediate the material weaknesses
in our internal control over financial reporting, we may not be successful in remediating such weaknesses which may undermine our ability
to provide accurate, timely and reliable reports on our financial and operating results. Furthermore, if we remediate our current material
weaknesses but identify new material weaknesses in our internal control over financial reporting investors may lose confidence in the
accuracy and completeness of our financial reports and the market price of our common stock may be negatively affected. As a result of
such failures, we could also become subject to investigations by the stock exchange on which our securities are listed, the SEC, or other
regulatory authorities, and become subject to litigation from investors and stockholders, which could harm our reputation, financial
condition or divert financial and management resources from our core business. 

ITEM 1B. UNRESOLVED
STAFF COMMENTS 

None. 

ITEM 2. PROPERTIES 

Our principal address is 4300 El Camino Real,
Suite 210, Los Altos, CA 94022. We believe our facilities are adequate to meet our current needs, although we may seek to negotiate new
leases or evaluate additional or alternate space for our operations. We believe appropriate alternative space would be readily available
on commercially reasonable terms. 

ITEM 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 

From time to time, we may become involved in
various lawsuits and legal proceedings, which arise in the ordinary course of business. Litigation is subject to inherent uncertainties
and an adverse result in these or other matters may arise from time to time that may harm our business. We are currently not aware of
any such legal proceedings or claims that will have, individually or in the aggregate, a material adverse effect on our business, financial
condition or operating results. 

ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 

Not applicable. 

- 61 - 

PART II 

ITEM 5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S
COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 

Market Information 

On July 13, 2021, our common stock began trading
on The Nasdaq Capital Market under the symbol UNCY. Prior to that time, there was no public market for our common stock. 

Stockholders 

As of March 28, 2023, there were 73 stockholders
of record of our common stock. The actual number of holders of our common stock is greater than this number of record holders, and includes
stockholders who are beneficial owners, but whose shares are held in street name by brokers or held by other nominees. This number of
holders of record also does not include stockholders whose shares may be held in trust by other entities. 

Dividend Policy 

We currently
anticipate that we will retain future earnings for the development, operation and expansion of our business and do not anticipate declaring
or paying any cash dividends for the foreseeable future, except that i n March 2023,we agreed with certain investors to modify our
dividend policy to state that we intend to pay dividends to all stockholders on a quarterly basis in an amount of which the aggregate
of all quarterly dividends shall equal at least seventy-five percent (75 of our annual net cash flow from operations following the approval
of Renazorb by the FDA if obtained, and the commencement of commercial sales. 

Sales of Unregistered Securities 

On November 28, 2022, we issued 33,500 shares
of restricted common stock to RedChip for investor advisory services. The foregoing issuance was
made in a transaction not involving a public offering pursuant to an exemption from the registration requirements of the Securities Act
in reliance upon Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act or Regulation D promulgated under the Securities Act. 

ITEM 6. [RESERVED] 

- 62 - 

ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT S
DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 

You should read the following discussion and
analysis of our financial condition and plan of operations together with and our accompanying financial statements and the related notes
appearing elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. In addition to historical information, this discussion and analysis contains
forward-looking statements that involve risks, uncertainties and assumptions. Our actual results may differ materially from those discussed
below. Factors that could cause or contribute to such differences include, but are not limited to, those identified below, and those
discussed in the section titled Risk Factors included elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. All amounts in this
report are in U.S. dollars, unless otherwise noted. 

Overview 

We are a biotechnology company dedicated to developing
treatments for kidney disease that have the potential to offer medical benefit. Our development programs are focused on the development
of two novel therapies: Renazorb, for treatment of hyperphosphatemia in patients with chronic kidney disease, and UNI 494, for treatment
of acute kidney injury (AKI). 

Chronic kidney disease (CKD) is the gradual loss
of kidney function that can get worse over time leading to lasting damage. Our initial focus is developing drugs and getting them approved
in the US, and then look to partner with the other global biopharmaceutical companies in the rest of the world. According to estimates
by The Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC) in 2019, 37 million (approximately 15 adults in the United States have CKD
and, of these, approximately 2 million patients with CKD stage 3-5, and around 400 thousand patients with end-stage renal disease (ESRD)
have hyperphosphatemia. In the European Union (EU), around 20 million (approximately 8 adults have CKD, more than 1 million CKD stage
3-5 patients, and approximately 180 thousand patients with ESRD have hyperphosphatemia. The number of patients with ESRD is increasing
steadily and is projected to reach between 971,000 and 1,259,000 in 2030. 

AKI is a sudden episode of kidney failure or
kidney damage (within the first 90 days of injury). After 90 days, the patient is considered to have progressed into CKD. AKI affects
over 2 million US patients and costs the healthcare system over 9 billion per year. AKI kills more than 300,000 patients per year in
the US and is caused by multiple etiologies. 

Our business model is to license technologies
and drugs and pursue development, regulatory approval, and commercialization of those products in global markets. Many biotechnology
companies utilize similar strategies of in-licensing and then developing and commercializing drugs. We believe, however, that our management
team s broad network, expertise in the biopharmaceutical industry, and successful track record gives us an advantage in identifying
and bringing these assets into the Company at an attractive price with limited upfront cost. 

Since our formation we have devoted substantially
all of our resources to developing our product candidates. We have incurred significant operating losses to date. Our net losses were
 10.0 million and 18.1 million for the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2022. As of December 31, 2022, we had an accumulated
deficit of 34.0 million. We expect that our operating expenses will increase significantly as we advance our product candidates
through pre-clinical and clinical development, seek regulatory approval, and prepare for and, if approved, proceed to commercialization;
acquire, discover, validate and develop additional product candidates; obtain, maintain, protect and enforce our intellectual property
portfolio; and hire additional personnel. 

We have funded our operations primarily from
the sale and issuance of common stock, convertible promissory notes and from a loan, including cash and deferred salary from our Chief
Executive Officer and principal stockholder. 

Our ability to generate
product revenue will depend on the successful development, regulatory approval and eventual commercialization of our current product
candidates and future product candidates. Until such time as we can generate significant revenue from product sales, if ever, we expect
to finance our operations through private or public equity or debt financings, collaborative or other arrangements with corporate sources,
or through other sources of financing. Adequate funding may not be available to us on acceptable terms, or at all. If we fail to raise
capital or enter into agreements to raise capital as and when needed, we may have to significantly delay, scale back or discontinue the
development and commercialization of our current product candidates and future product candidates. 

- 63 - 

We plan to continue
to use third-party service providers, including contract manufacturing organizations, to carry out our pre-clinical and clinical development
and to manufacture and supply the materials to be used during the development and commercialization of our product candidates. 

Recent Developments 

On March 3, 2023, we entered into a securities
purchase agreement (the Purchase Agreement with certain accredited investors (the Investors ), pursuant to
which we agreed to issue and sell, in a private placement (the Offering ), 30,190 shares of Series A-1 Convertible Preferred
Stock, par value 0.001 per share (the Series A-1 Preferred Stock ), which offering will result in up to 130 million in
gross proceeds and initial upfront funding of 30 million. 

Pursuant to the Certificate of Designation of
Preferences, Rights and Limitations of the Series A Convertible Voting Preferred Stock (the Certificate of Designation ),
each share of Series A-1 Preferred Stock is, subject to the Stockholder Approval (as defined below), convertible into a unit Unit consisting of (i) shares of common stock, par value 0.001 per share (the Common Stock and, if applicable, shares of Series
A-2 Convertible Preferred Stock, par value 0.001 per share (the Series A-2 Preferred Stock ), in lieu of Common Stock,
(ii) a tranche A warrant to acquire shares of Series A-3 Convertible Preferred Stock (the Tranche A Warrant ), (iii) a tranche
B warrant to acquire shares of Series A-4 Convertible Preferred Stock (the Tranche B Warrant ), and (iv) a tranche C warrant
to acquire shares of Series A-5 Convertible Preferred Stock (the Tranche C Warrant , together with the Tranche A Warrant
and the Tranche B Warrant, the Warrants ). The shares of Series A-3 Convertible Preferred Stock, Series A-4 Convertible
Preferred Stock and Series A-5 Convertible Preferred Stock issuable upon exercise of the Warrants collectively are referred to herein
as the Preferred Warrant Shares . The Tranche A warrants for an aggregate exercise price of approximately 25 million are
exercisable until 21 days following our announcement of receipt of FDA approval for Renazorb, the Tranche B warrants for an aggregate
exercise price of approximately 25 million are exercisable until 21 days following our announcement of receipt of Transitional Drug
Add-On Payment Adjustment TDAPA approval for Renazorb, and the Tranche C Warrant for an aggregate exercise price of approximately
 50 million are exercisable until 21 days following four quarters of commercial sales of Renazorb following receipt of TDAPA approval. 

Subject to the terms and limitations contained
in the Certificate of Designation, the Series A-1 Preferred Stock issued in the Offering will not become convertible until our stockholders
approve the issuance of the Units upon conversion of the Series A-1 Preferred Stock and the issuance of all Common Stock upon conversion
of the Series A Preferred Stock (as defined below), among other items (the Stockholder Approval ). On the tenth (10th) Trading
Day (as defined in the Certificate of Designation) following the announcement of the Stockholder Approval, each share of Series A-1 Preferred
Stock shall automatically convert into a Unit. Subject to the limitations set forth in the Certificate of Designation, at the option
of the holder, each share of Series A-2 Preferred Stock, Series A-3 Convertible Preferred Stock, Series A-4 Convertible Preferred Stock
or Series A-5 Convertible Preferred Stock shall be convertible into one share of Common Stock. 

In addition, in connection with the Offering,
we agreed to modify our dividend policy to state that we intend to pay dividends to all stockholders, including holders of Series A Preferred
Stock on an as-if-converted-to-Common-Stock basis, on a quarterly basis in an amount of which the aggregate of all quarterly dividends
shall equal at least seventy-five percent (75 of our annual net cash flow from operations following approval of Renazorb by the FDA,
if obtained, and the commencement of commercial sales. 

The COVID-19 Pandemic and its Impacts on Our
Business 

In March 2020, the World Health Organization
declared the outbreak of COVID-19 a global pandemic. This pandemic could result in difficulty securing clinical trial site locations,
CROs, and/or trial monitors and other critical vendors and consultants supporting our trial. These situations, or others associated with
COVID-19, could cause delays in our clinical trial plans and could increase expected costs, all of which could have a material adverse
effect on our business and financial condition. At the current time, we are unable to quantify the potential effects of this pandemic
on our future financial statements. 

Components of Results of Operations 

Revenues 

We recognize revenue from product sales or services
rendered when control of the promised goods are transferred to a counterparty in an amount that reflects the consideration to which we
expect to be entitled in exchange for those goods and services. To achieve this core principle, we apply the following five steps: identify
the contract with the client, identify the performance obligations in the contract, determine the transaction price, allocate the transaction
price to performance obligations in the contract and recognize revenues when or as we satisfy a performance obligation. We may earn licensing
revenue in the future if we negotiate business development arrangements with third parties. 

Research and Development Expenses 

Substantially all of our research and development
expenses consist of expenses incurred in connection with the development of our product candidates. These expenses include fees paid
to third parties to conduct certain research and development activities on our behalf, consulting costs, costs for laboratory supplies,
product acquisition and license costs, certain payroll and personnel-related expenses, including salaries and bonuses, employee benefit
costs and stock-based compensation expenses for our research and product development employees and allocated overheads, including information
technology costs and utilities and expenses for the issuance of shares pursuant to the anti-dilution clause in the purchase of in process
research and development technology IPR D ). We expense both internal and external research and development expenses
as they are incurred. 

- 64 - 

We do not allocate our costs by product candidate,
as a significant amount of research and development expenses include internal costs, such as payroll and other personnel expenses, laboratory
supplies and allocated overhead, and external costs, such as fees paid to third parties to conduct research and development activities
on our behalf, are not tracked by product candidate. 

We expect our research and development expenses
to increase substantially for at least the next few years, as we seek to initiate additional clinical trials for our product candidates,
complete our clinical programs, pursue regulatory approval of our product candidates and prepare for the possible commercialization of
such product candidates. Predicting the timing or cost to complete our clinical programs or validation of our commercial manufacturing
and supply processes is difficult and delays may occur because of many factors, including factors outside of our control. For example,
if the FDA or other regulatory authorities were to require us to conduct clinical trials beyond those that we currently anticipate, we
could be required to expend significant additional financial resources and time on the completion of clinical development. Furthermore,
we are unable to predict when or if our product candidates will receive regulatory approval with any certainty. 

General and Administrative Expenses 

General and administrative expenses consist principally
of payroll and personnel expenses, including salaries and bonuses, benefits and stock-based compensation expenses, professional fees
for legal, consulting, accounting and tax services, including information technology costs and utilities, and other general operating
expenses not otherwise classified as research and development expenses, as well as services incurred pursuant to a services agreement
with Globavir Biosciences Inc., a related party. 

We anticipate that our general and administrative
expenses will increase as a result of increased personnel costs, expanded infrastructure and higher consulting, legal and accounting
services costs associated with complying with the applicable stock exchange and the SEC requirements, investor relations costs and director
and officer insurance premiums associated with being a public company. 

Other Expenses 

Other expenses consist primarily of interest
expense related to convertible notes and a loss on conversion of convertible notes. 

Results of Operations 

Comparison of the Years Ended December 31,
2021 and 2022 (in thousands) 

Years Ended December 31, 

2021 
 2022 
 Change 
 Change 

Licensing revenues: 
 - 
 951 
 951 
 100 
 
 Operating expenses: 

Research and development 
 6,080 
 12,436 
 6,356 
 105 
 
 General and administrative 
 2,897 
 6,567 
 3,670 
 127 
 
 Total operating expenses 
 8,977 
 19,003 
 10,026 
 112 
 
 Loss from operations 
 (8,977 
 (18,052 
 (9,075 
 101 
 
 Other income (expenses): 

Interest expense 
 (628 
 (6 
 622 
 (99 
 
 Loss on debt conversion 
 (431 
 - 
 431 
 (100 
 
 Gain on extinguishment of debt 
 19 
 - 
 (19 
 (100 
 
 Total other income (expenses) 
 (1,040 
 (6 
 1,034 
 (99 

Net loss 
 (10,017 
 (18,058 
 (8,041 
 80 

- 65 - 

Licensing Revenues 

Licensing revenues increased approximately 1.0
million, or 100 , from the prior year due to a licensing agreement entered into with Lee s Pharmaceutical (HK) Limited in July
2022. We received an upfront payment of approximately 1.0 million. There was no comparable revenue earned in the prior period. We may
earn additional licensing revenue in the future if we negotiate business development arrangements with third parties. 

Research and Development Expenses 

Research and development expenses increased by
approximately 6.4 million, or 105 , from 6.1 million for the year ended December 31, 2021 to 12.4 million for the year ended
December 31, 2022. The increase in research and development expenses was primarily due to an increase in development costs of 6.5 million
due to product formulation, clinical study, and preclinical study services in the current period. New employee hires increased labor
costs 1.6 million, and consulting and other costs increased 756,000 from the prior period. The increase was partially offset by a 2.2
million decrease in non-cash expense from the issuance of common stock in 2021 pursuant to the anti-dilution clause in the purchase of
in process research and development technology from Spectrum Pharmaceuticals, Inc. In addition, non-cash stock compensation costs decreased
 338,000 from the prior period. 

General and Administrative Expenses 

General and administrative expenses increased by approximately 3.7
million, or 127 , from 2.9 million for the year ended December 31, 2021 to 6.6 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 primarily
due to an increase of 1.4 million in consulting and professional services costs. Labor costs increased 747,000 due to hiring of new
employees. Non-cash stock compensation costs increased 419,000. Insurance expense for directors and officers increased 525,000, and
rent, travel, supplies and other costs increased 567,000. 

Other Income (Expenses) 

Other income (expenses) decreased by approximately
 1.0 million, or 99 from 1.0 million for the year ended December 31, 2021 to approximately 6,000 for the year ended December 31, 2022.
The decrease was due primarily to decreased interest expense incurred on our convertible notes of 0.6 million as well as conversion
to equity of our outstanding convertible notes as a result of our IPO in 2021 which resulted in a non-cash loss on debt conversion of
 0.4 million. 

Liquidity and Capital Resources 

Sources of Liquidity 

Since our formation through December 31,
2020, we have funded our operations with the sale of common stock, convertible notes and from a loan from our Chief Executive Officer
and principal stockholder. During 2021 we raised 1.1 million through the issuance of convertible notes to investors. 

As a result of our initial public offering IPO ),
on July 13, 2021 we began trading on the Nasdaq Capital Market under the symbol UNCY , and on July 15, 2021 we received
approximately 22.3 million in net proceeds after deducting the underwriting discounts, commissions and offering expenses. We have used
the net proceeds from the IPO to complete pre-clinical and clinical studies, submit regulatory filings to the FDA, and for general and
corporate purposes, including hiring additional management and conducting market research and other commercial planning. 

Future revenue streams may consist of collaboration
or licensing revenue as well as product sales. We have generated approximately 1.6 million in licensing revenue to date. 

- 66 - 

Future Funding Requirements 

We have incurred net losses since our inception.
For the year ended December 31, 2022, we had a net loss of 18.1 million, and we expect to incur substantial additional losses in
future periods. As of December 31, 2022, we had an accumulated deficit of 34.0 million. 

On March 6, 2023, we announced completion of
a securities purchase agreement with certain healthcare-focused institutional investors that will provide up to 130.0 million in gross
proceeds through a private placement and that includes initial upfront funding of 30.0 million. Proceeds from the offering will be used
to support our NDA submission with the FDA for approval of Renazorb for the treatment of hyperphosphatemia in the U.S. and, if approved,
for the commercial launch of Renazorb in the U.S. 

We expect to continue incurring losses in the
future and will be required to raise additional capital in the future to complete our clinical trials, pursue product development initiatives
and penetrate markets for the sale of our products. We believe that we will continue to have access to capital resources through possible
equity offerings, debt financings, corporate collaborations or other means. There can be no assurance that we will be able to obtain
additional financing on terms acceptable to us, on a timely basis or at all. If we are unable to secure additional capital, we may be
required to curtail any clinical trials and development of new or existing products and take additional measures to reduce expenses in
order to conserve our cash in amounts sufficient to sustain operations and meet our obligations. Based on our current level of expenditures,
and after receiving the net proceeds of 28.1 million from a private placement financing, we believe that we have sufficient resources
such that there is not substantial doubt about our ability to continue operations for at least one year after the date that these financial
statements are available to be issued. 

We anticipate that we will need to raise substantial
additional capital, the requirements for which will depend on many factors, including: 

the scope, timing, rate of progress and costs of our drug discovery
 efforts, pre-clinical development activities, laboratory testing and clinical trials for our current product candidates and future
 product candidates; 

the number and scope of clinical programs we decide to pursue; 

the cost, timing and outcome of preparing for and undergoing regulatory
 review of our current product candidates and future product candidates; 

the scope and costs of development and commercial manufacturing activities; 

the cost and timing associated with commercializing our current product
 candidates and future product candidates, if they receive marketing approval; 

the extent to which we acquire or in-license other product
 candidates and technologies; 

the costs of preparing, filing and prosecuting patent applications,
 maintaining and enforcing our intellectual property rights and defending intellectual property-related claims; 

our ability to establish and maintain collaborations on favorable terms,
 if at all; 

our efforts to enhance operational systems and our ability to attract,
 hire and retain qualified personnel, including personnel to support the development of our current product candidates and future
 product candidates and, ultimately, the sale of our products, following FDA approval; 

the impact, if any, of the coronavirus pandemic on our business operations; 

our ability to access capital; 

our implementation of operational, financial and management systems;
 and 

the costs associated with being a public company. 

- 67 - 

A change in the outcome of any of these or other
variables with respect to the development of any of our current product candidates or future product candidates could significantly change
the costs and timing associated with the development of that product candidate. Furthermore, our operating plans may change in the future,
and we will continue to require additional capital to meet operational needs and capital requirements associated with such operating
plans. If we raise additional funds by issuing equity securities, our stockholders may experience dilution. Any future debt financing
into which we enter may impose upon us additional covenants that restrict our operations, including limitations on our ability to incur
liens or additional debt, pay dividends, repurchase our common stock, make certain investments or engage in certain merger, consolidation
or asset sale transactions. Any debt financing or additional equity that we raise may contain terms that are not favorable to us or our
stockholders. 

Adequate funding may not be available to us on
acceptable terms or at all. Our failure to raise capital as and when needed could have a negative impact on our financial condition and
our ability to pursue our business strategies. If we are unable to raise additional funds when needed, we may be required to delay, reduce,
or terminate some or all of our development programs and clinical trials or we may also be required to sell or license to others rights
to our product candidates in certain territories or indications that we would prefer to develop and commercialize ourselves. If we are
required to enter into collaborations and other arrangements to supplement our funds, we may have to give up certain rights that limit
our ability to develop and commercialize our product candidates or may have other terms that are not favorable to us or our stockholders,
which could materially affect our business and financial condition. 

Related Party Payable 

We entered into a Service Agreement with Globavir
Biosciences, Inc. Globavir ), a related party (the Service Agreement ). Globavir provides administrative and
consulting services and shared office space and other costs in connection with the Company s drug development programs. The initial
amended term of the Service Agreement expired on December 31, 2020, and the agreement automatically renews for successive one month periods
after the initial termination date. Pursuant to the Service Agreement, the Company paid Globavir 50,000 per month through December 31,
2019 and 10,000 per month commencing on January 1, 2020. During the fourth quarter of 2021, after initially determining that future
services under the Service Agreement were no longer required, the Company wrote off the 28,000 remaining prepaid balance due from Globavir
as of December 31, 2021. During the year ended December 31, 2022, after determining that although a shared office space is no longer
utilized, consulting services continued to be provided, the Company amended the Service Agreement to reflect the consulting services
at a reduced service fee of 6,000 per month and a termination date of June 30, 2022. 

Convertible Notes 

In January through May 2021, we issued convertible
notes (the 2021 Notes in the aggregate principal amount of 1,098,000. The 2021 Notes bear interest at a rate of 12 per
annum, payable at maturity, and mature between January and May, 2022. The 2021 Notes shall automatically convert into shares of common
stock upon the closing of a financing pursuant to which we receive gross proceeds of at least 500,000 (a Qualified Financing or upon a change of control. The 2021 Notes shall convert into such numbers of shares of common stock equal to the conversion amount
divided by the Conversion Price. Conversion Price means (i) in the event of a Qualified Financing, 70 of the price per
share (or conversion price, as applicable) of common stock (or securities convertible into common stock, as applicable) sold in such
financing or (ii) in the event of a change of control, the price per share reflected in such transaction. 

We accounted for the 2021 Notes as stock-settled
debt and we were accreting the carrying amount of the 2021 Notes to the settlement amount through maturity. 

In July and through November 2020, we issued
convertible notes (the 2020 Notes in the aggregate principal amount of 1,290,000. The 2020 Notes bear interest at a rate
of 12 per annum, payable at maturity, and mature between July and November 2021. The 2020 Notes shall automatically convert into shares
of common stock upon the closing of a financing pursuant to which we receive gross proceeds of at least 500,000 (a Qualified
Financing or upon a change of control. The 2020 Notes shall convert into such numbers of shares of common stock equal to the
conversion amount divided by the Conversion Price. Conversion Price means (i) in the event of a Qualified Financing, 70 
of the price per share (or conversion price, as applicable) of common stock (or securities convertible into common stock, as applicable)
sold in such financing or (ii) in the event of a change of control, the price per share reflected in such transaction. 

- 68 - 

We accounted for the 2020 Notes as stock-settled
debt and we are accreting the carrying amount of the 2020 Notes to the settlement amount through maturity. As of December 31, 2020, unpaid
and accrued interest of 53,000 as well as debt discount accretion expense of approximately 186,000 was included with the convertible
notes on the balance sheet. 

Interest expense, including discount accretion
expense for the 2021 and 2020 Notes was 238,000 and 627,000 for the years ended December 31, 2020 and 2021, respectively. 

As a result of our initial public offering on
July 13, 2021, approximately 2,387,000 of principal and 191,000 of unpaid accrued interest related to the 2021 and 2020 Notes was converted
into shares of common stock. The conversion resulted in a loss of 431,000 that is included as loss on debt conversion in the accompanying
statements of operations for the year ended December 31, 2021. 

Private Placement 

On March 3, 2023, we entered into a securities
purchase agreement (the Purchase Agreement with certain accredited investors (the Investors ), pursuant to
which we issued and sold, in a private placement, 30,190 shares of Series A-1 Convertible Preferred Stock, par value 0.001 per share,
which offering will result in up to 130 million in gross proceeds and initial upfront funding of 30 million. For more information on
the private placement offering, please refer to the section titled Item 1. Business Recent Developments . 

Summary of Cash Flows 

The following table sets forth the primary sources
and uses of cash for each of the periods presented below (in thousands): 

Years Ended December 31, 

2021 
 2022 
 
 Net cash (used in) provided by: 

Operating activities 
 (5,767 
 (15,651 
 
 Investing activities 
 (29 
 (2 
 
 Financing activities 
 22,375 
 (471 
 
 Net (decrease) increase in cash 
 16,579 
 (16,124 

Cash Flows from Operating Activities 

Net cash used in operating activities was 15.7
million for the year ended December 31, 2022. Cash used in operating activities was primarily due to the use of funds for director
and officer insurance premiums, development costs associated with our drug candidates, labor costs, consulting and accounting services,
and other corporate expenditures for investor relations, compliance, and legal services. We incurred a net loss of 18.1 million
after including the effect of non-cash adjustments for stock compensation. 

Net cash used in operating activities was 5.8
million for the year ended December 31, 2021. Cash used in operating activities was primarily due to the use of funds for director
and officer insurance premiums, development costs associated with our drug candidates, labor costs, consulting and accounting services,
and other corporate expenditures for investor relations, compliance, and legal services. We incurred a net loss of 10.0 million
after including the effect of non-cash adjustments for stock issuance, stock compensation, and a loss on the conversion of our convertible
debt. 

- 69 - 

Cash Flows from Investing Activities 

Net cash used in investing activities was 2,000
for the year ended December 31, 2022 and was due to the purchase of furniture and fixtures for our corporate office. Net cash used
in investing activities was 29,000 for the year ended December 31, 2021 and was due to the purchase of furniture and fixtures for
our corporate office. 

Cash Flows from Financing Activities 

Net cash used by financing activities was 471,000
for the year ended December 31, 2022 and was due primarily to payments made pursuant to our financed director and officer insurance policies. 

Net cash provided by financing activities was
 22.4 million for the year ended December 31, 2021 and was primarily related to proceeds received from our initial public offering,
net of issuance and deferred offering costs. In addition, we issued convertible notes to investors for 1.1 million as well as the receipt
of 0.1 million in proceeds from the exercise of options. Net repayments on loans from our chief executive officer offset the cash inflows
by 1.1 million. 

Critical Accounting Policies, Significant
Judgments and Use of Estimates 

Our financial statements have been prepared in
accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles GAAP ). The preparation of these financial statements requires
us to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities, the disclosure of contingent assets
and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported expenses incurred during the reporting periods. Our estimates
are based on our historical experience and on various other factors that we believe are reasonable under the circumstances, the results
of which form the basis for making judgments about the carrying value of assets and liabilities that are not readily apparent from other
sources. Actual results may differ from these estimates under different assumptions or conditions. We consider our critical accounting
policies and estimates to be related to revenue, research and development and stock-based compensation. There have been no material changes
to our critical accounting policies and estimates during the year ended December 31, 2022 from those used for the year ended December
31, 2021. The below policies represent our critical accounting policies. 

Revenue Recognition 

We implemented ASC 606, Revenue from Contracts
with Customers. This included the development of new policies based on the five-step model provided in the new revenue standard, ongoing
contract review requirements, and gathering of information provided for disclosures. We recognize revenue from product sales or services
rendered when control of the promised goods are transferred to a counterparty in an amount that reflects the consideration to which we
expect to be entitled in exchange for those goods and services. To achieve this core principle, we apply the following five steps: identify
the contract with the client, identify the performance obligations in the contract, determine the transaction price, allocate the transaction
price to performance obligations in the contract and recognize revenues when or as we satisfy a performance obligation. 

Research and Development 

We expense costs when incurred related to the
research and development associated with the design, development and testing of product candidates, as well as acquisition of product
candidates or compounds. Research and development expenses include fees paid to third parties to conduct certain research and development
activities on our behalf, consulting costs, costs for laboratory supplies, product acquisition and license costs, certain payroll and
personnel-related expenses, including salaries and bonuses, employee benefit costs and stock-based compensation expenses for our research
and product development employees and allocated overheads, including information technology costs and utilities and expenses for issuance
of shares pursuant to anti-dilution clause in the purchase of IPR D technology. We expense both internal and external research and
development expenses as they are incurred. 

Stock-Based Compensation 

We account for stock-based compensation for all
share-based payments made to employees and non-employees by estimating the fair value on the date of grant and recognizing compensation
expense over the requisite service period on a straight-line basis. We recognize forfeitures related to stock-based compensation as they
occur. We estimate the fair value of stock options using the Black-Scholes option-pricing model. The Black-Scholes model requires the
input of subjective assumptions, including expected common stock volatility, expected dividend yield, expected term, and the risk-free
interest rate. 

- 70 - 

JOBS Act 

On April 5, 2012, the JOBS Act was enacted. Section
107 of the JOBS Act provides that an emerging growth company can take advantage of the extended transition period provided
in Section 7(a)(2)(B) of the Securities Act for complying with new or revised accounting standards. In other words, an emerging
growth company can delay the adoption of certain accounting standards until those standards would otherwise apply to private companies. 

We have chosen to take advantage of the extended
transition periods available to emerging growth companies under the JOBS Act for complying with new or revised accounting standards until
those standards would otherwise apply to private companies provided under the JOBS Act. As a result, our financial statements may not
be comparable to those of companies that comply with public company effective dates for complying with new or revised accounting standards. 

Subject to certain conditions set forth in the
JOBS Act, as an emerging growth company, we intend to rely on certain of these exemptions, including, without limitation,
(i) providing an auditor s attestation report on our internal controls over financial reporting pursuant to Section 404(b) of the
Sarbanes-Oxley Act and (ii) complying with the requirement adopted by the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board PCAOB regarding the communication of critical audit matters in the auditor s report on financial statements. We will remain an emerging
growth company until the earliest of (i) the last day of the fiscal year in which we have total annual gross revenues of 1.2
billion or more; (ii) the last day of our fiscal year following the fifth anniversary of the date of the completion of our initial public
offering; (iii) the date on which we have issued more than 1 billion in nonconvertible debt during the previous three years; or (iv)
the date on which we are deemed to be a large accelerated filer under the rules of the SEC. 

Recent Accounting Pronouncements 

See Note 2 to our audited financial statements
found elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K for a description of recent accounting pronouncements applicable to our financial
statements. 

ITEM 7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES
ABOUT MARKET RISK 

As a smaller reporting company, we are not required
to provide the information required by this item. 

- 71 - 

ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 

UNICYCIVE THERAPEUTICS, INC. 

INDEX TO
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Page Audited Financial Statements for the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2022: Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID # F-2 Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2021 and 2022 F-3 Statements of Operations for the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2022 F-4 Statements of Stockholders (Deficit) Equity for the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2022 F-5 Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2022 F-6 Notes to the Financial Statements F-7 

F- 1 

Report
of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 

To the Board of Directors 

and Stockholders of Unicycive Therapeutics,
Inc. 

Opinion on the Financial Statements 

We have audited the accompanying balance sheets
of Unicycive Therapeutics, Inc. (the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the related statements of operations,
stockholders (deficit) equity, and cash flows for each of the two years in the period ended December 31, 2022, and the related
notes (collectively referred to as the financial statements ). In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in
all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and its
cash flows for each of the two years in the period ended December 31, 2022, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted
in the United States of America. 

Basis for Opinion 

These financial statements are the responsibility
of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s financial statements based on our
audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable
rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

We conducted our audits in accordance with the
standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audits to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial
statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged
to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits, we are required to obtain an understanding
of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s
internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 

Our audits included performing procedures to assess
the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond
to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements.
Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating
the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

We have served as the Company's auditor since
2019. 

/s/ 

March 30, 2023 

F- 2 

Unicycive Therapeutics, Inc. 

Balance Sheets 

(in thousands, except for share and per share
amounts) 

As of 
 As of 

December 31, 
 December 31, 

2021 
 2022 
 
 Assets 

Current assets: 

Cash 

Prepaid expenses and other current assets 

Total current assets 

Right of use asset, net 

Property, plant and equipment, net 

Total assets 

Liabilities and stockholders equity
 (deficit) 

Current liabilities: 

Accounts payable 

Accrued liabilities 

Operating lease liability - current 

Total current liabilities 

Operating lease liability long
 term 
 
 - 
 
 Total liabilities 

Commitments and contingencies (Note 9) 

Stockholders (deficit) equity: 

Preferred stock: par value per share shares authorized at December 31, 2021 and 2022; no shares issued and outstanding at December 31, 2021 and 2022 
 -
 
 -

Common stock, par value per share shares authorized at December 31, 2021 and 2022; shares issued and outstanding at December 31, 2021, and shares issued and outstanding at December 31, 2022 

Additional paid-in capital 

Accumulated deficit 

Total stockholders equity (deficit) 

Total liabilities and stockholders 
 equity (deficit) 

See accompanying notes to the financial statements 

F- 3 

Unicycive Therapeutics, Inc. 

Statements of Operations 

(in thousands, except for share and per share
amounts) 

Year Ended December 31, 
 Year Ended December 31, 

2021 
 2022 

Licensing revenues 
 -

Operating expenses: 

Research and development 

General and administrative 

Total operating expenses 

Loss from operations 

Other expenses: 

Interest expense 

Loss on debt conversion 
 
 -

Gain on extinguishment of debt 
 
 -

Total other expenses 

Net loss 

Net loss per share, basic and diluted

Weighted-average shares outstanding used in computing net loss per share, basic and diluted

See accompanying notes to the financial statements 

F- 4 

Unicycive Therapeutics, Inc. 

Statements of Stockholders 
(Deficit) Equity 

(in thousands, except share amounts) 

Total 

Additional 
 
 Stockholders 

Preferred Stock 
 Common Stock 
 Paid-In 
 Accumulated 
 (Deficit) 

Shares 
 Amount 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 Capital 
 Deficit 
 Equity 
 
 Balance at December 31, 2020 
 -
 
 -

Net loss 
 - 
 -
 
 - 
 -
 
 -

Net proceeds from initial public offering 
 - 
 - 

- 

Conversion of convertible notes into common stock 
 - 
 -

-

Issuance of common stock for exercise of options 
 - 
 -

-

-

Issuance of common stock for anti-dilution clause 
 - 
 -

-

-

Stock-based compensation expense 
 - 
 -
 
 - 
 -

-

Balance at December 31, 2021 
 
 -

Net loss 
 - 
 -
 
 - 
 -
 
 -

Issuance of common stock for cash, net of issuance costs 
 - 
 -

- 
 
 -

Issuance of common stock 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 
 - 

Issuance of common stock for vested restricted stock units 
 - 
 -

-
 
 -
 
 -
 
 -

Issuance of common stock for exercise of options 
 - 
 -

-

-

Stock-based compensation expense 
 - 
 -
 
 - 
 -

-

Balance at December 31, 2022 
 -
 
 -

See accompanying notes to the financial statements 

F- 5 

Unicycive Therapeutics, Inc. 

Statements of Cash Flows

(in thousands) 

Year Ended 
 Year Ended 

December 31, 
 December 31, 

2021 
 2022 

Cash flows from operating activities 

Net loss 

Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash used in operating activities: 

Depreciation expense 

R D expense for issuance of common stock for anti-dilution clause 
 
 -

G A expense for issuance of common stock 
 -

Stock-based compensation expense 

Convertible debt discount amortization 
 
 -

Amortization of operating lease right of use asset 

Convertible debt non-cash interest 
 
 -

Gain on extinguishment of debt 
 
 -

Deferred compensation to CEO 
 
 -

Loss on debt conversion 
 
 -

Changes in assets and liabilities: 

Prepaid expense and other current assets 

Accounts payable and accrued liabilities 

Operating lease liability 

Related party service fee payable 
 
 -

Net cash used in operating activities 

Cash flows from investing activities 

Purchases of property, plant and equipment 

Net cash used in investing activities 

Cash flows from financing activities 

Net proceeds from initial public offering 
 
 -

Issuance of common stock for cash, net of issuance costs 
 -

Proceeds from loan from stockholder 
 
 -

Proceeds from convertible notes 
 
 -

Repayment of loan from stockholder 
 
 -

Payments on financed insurance policies 
 -

Proceeds from exercise of options 
 
 -

Net cash provided by (used in) financing activities 

Net increase (decrease) in cash 

Cash at the beginning of the period 
 -

Cash at the end of the period 

Supplemental cash flow information 

Deferred preclinical charges included in prepaid expenses and other current assets 

Deferred insurance charges included in prepaid expenses and other current assets 
 -

Cash paid for income taxes 
 -
 
 -

See accompanying notes to the financial statements 

F- 6 

Notes to the Financial
Statements 

million in licensing revenue through December 31, 2022. 

million and million, respectively. 

million in net proceeds after deducting the underwriting discounts, commissions and other offering expenses. The
Company has used the net proceeds from the IPO to complete pre-clinical and clinical studies, prepare regulatory filings for the FDA,
and for general and corporate purposes, including hiring additional management and conducting market research and other commercial planning. 

million
in gross proceeds through a private placement and that includes initial upfront funding of million. 

million upon the issuance of convertible notes. These funds were used
primarily to settle outstanding accounts payable as well as to make payments on the loan outstanding from the chief executive officer
and principal stockholder. In 2021, the Company received approximately million in net proceeds from its IPO, and in March 2023
the Company received approximately million in net proceeds from a private placement financing. There can be no assurance that the
Company will be able to obtain additional financing on terms acceptable to the Company, on a timely basis or at all. If the Company is
unable to secure additional capital, it may be required to curtail any clinical trials and development of new or existing products and
take additional measures to reduce expenses in order to conserve its cash in amounts sufficient to sustain operations and meet its obligations.
Based on the Company s current level of expenditures, and after receiving the proceeds from the private placement in March 2023,
the Company believes that it has sufficient resources such that there is not substantial doubt about the ability to continue operations
for at least after the date that these financial statements are available to be issued. 

F- 7 

F- 8 

F- 9 

F- 10 

likelihood of being realized upon ultimate settlement with a taxing
authority that has full knowledge of all relevant information. For those income tax positions where it is not more likely than not that
a tax benefit will be sustained, no tax benefit is recognized in the financial statements. The Company s policy is to recognize
interest or penalties related to income tax matters in income tax expense. 

F- 11 

Unicycive is not obligated to make any
payments to the vendor until FDA approval of the product is obtained and commercial revenue is generated. 

shares of common stock to Spectrum valued at approximately which represented
four percent of the Company on a fully-diluted basis at the date of the execution of the Spectrum Agreement. The Spectrum Agreement has
an anti-dilution provision, which provides that Spectrum maintain its ownership interest in the Company at of the Company s shares
on a fully-diluted basis. Fully-diluted shares of common stock for purposes of the Renazorb Purchase Agreement assumes conversion of any
security convertible into or exchangeable or exercisable for common stock or any combination thereof, including any common stock reserved
for issuance under a stock option plan, restricted stock plan, or other equity incentive plan approved by the Board of Directors of the
Company immediately following the issuance of additional shares of the Company s common stock (but prior to the issuance of any
additional shares of common stock to Spectrum). Spectrum s ownership shall not be subject to dilution until the earlier of thirty-six
months from the first date the Company s stock trades on a public market, or the date upon which the Company attains a public market
capitalization of at least million. On July 13, 2021, the Company s initial public offering resulted in a public market capitalization
of at least million, and as a result the Company was required to issue anti-dilution shares of common stock. This issuance
represented the final anti-dilution calculation required under the Spectrum Agreement, and no further anti-dilution shares will be issued.
The Company calculated the fair value of the shares and recognized million to research and development expenses as cost to issue
those shares during the third quarter of 2021. In the event an NDA filing for Renazorb is accepted by the FDA, the Company will be required
to pay million to Altair Nanomaterials, Inc., Altair in accordance with the Spectrum Agreement. In addition, in the
event FDA approval for Renazorb is received, the Company will be required to pay million to Altair. In August 2022, the Company received an upfront payment of approximately million as a result of
a sublicense development agreement with Lee s Pharmaceutical (HK) Limited. The payment represents sublicense income as described
in the Spectrum Agreement, and of the amount received has been accrued as an R D expense in the accompanying statements of operations
for the year ended December 31, 2022. 

F- 12 

million. Related payments totaling approximately million have been paid to Syneos
as of December 31, 2022, and approximately million has been recorded as accounts payable or accrued expense in the accompanying
balance sheet as of December 31, 2022. 

million, and subsequent revisions reduced the overall budget to million. Related payments totaling approximately
 million have been paid to Quotient as of December 31, 2022, approximately million of related expense has been recorded, and
approximately million has been recorded as prepaid expense in the accompanying balance sheet as of December 31, 2022. 

million. Payments relating to the initial agreement totaling approximately million have been paid to CBCC as of December 31,
2022, and approximately million of related expense has been recorded. In September 2022, a statement of work revised the remaining
services budget to approximately million. 

million. Approximately million has been paid to Inotiv
as of December 31, 2022 and approximately million has been recorded as prepaid expense in the accompanying balance sheet as of December
31, 2022. 

million,
expects to receive up to million in milestone payments upon product launch in China and will be eligible for tiered royalties of
between and upon achievement of prespecified regulatory and commercial achievements. 

million, and approximately million has been paid to Celerion
as of December 31, 2022. 

F- 13 

million, expects to receive up to million in milestone payments upon product launch in
China and will be eligible for tiered royalties of between and upon achievement of prespecified regulatory and commercial achievements. 

million upfront fee. 

million in the accompanying statements of operations as licensing revenue for the year ended December
31, 2022. 

F- 14 

Prepaid preclinical services 

Other 

Total 

Furniture and fixtures 

Subtotal 

Less accumulated depreciation 

Net 

Credit card liability 

Total 

Accrued drug development costs 

Other 

Total 

square feet of office space commencing December 1, 2021.
The initial lease term is for , and there is an option to extend the lease for an additional year. 

using a discount rate of .
In accordance with ASC 842, the right-of-use asset will be amortized over the life of the underlying lease. The Company determined that
the option to extend the lease for an additional year was not considered reasonably certain at December 31, 2021 or December 31, 2022.
During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company reflected amortization of right-of-use asset of approximately , resulting
in a right of use asset balance of . 

F- 15 

towards the lease liabilities. As of December 31, 2022, the total lease liability
was . ASC 842 requires recognition in the statement of operations of a single lease cost, calculated so that the cost of the
lease is allocated over the lease term, generally on a straight-line basis. Rent expense for the lease for the years ended December 31,
2021 and December 31, 2022 was approximately and , respectively. 

Less imputed interest rate / present value discount 

Present value of lease liability 

Less current portion 

Long term portion 
 -

. The 2021 Notes bear interest
at a rate of per annum, payable at maturity, and mature between January and May, 2022. The 2021 Notes shall automatically convert
into shares of the Company s common stock upon the closing of a financing pursuant to which the Company receives gross proceeds
of at least million (a Qualified Financing or upon a change of control. The 2021 Notes shall convert into such numbers
of shares of the Company s common stock equal to the conversion amount divided by the Conversion Price. Conversion Price 
means (i) in the event of a Qualified Financing, of the price per share (or conversion price, as applicable) of common stock (or
securities convertible into common stock, as applicable) sold in such financing or (ii) in the event of a change of control, the price
per share reflected in such transaction. 

. The 2020 Notes bear interest at a rate
of per annum, payable at maturity, and mature between July and November, 2021. The 2020 Notes shall automatically convert into shares
of the Company s common stock upon the closing of a financing pursuant to which the Company receives gross proceeds of at least
 million (a Qualified Financing or upon a change of control. The 2020 Notes shall convert into such numbers of shares
of the Company s common stock equal to the conversion amount divided by the Conversion Price. Conversion Price means
(i) in the event of a Qualified Financing, of the price per share (or conversion price, as applicable) of common stock (or securities
convertible into common stock, as applicable) sold in such financing or (ii) in the event of a change of control, the price per share
reflected in such transaction. 

million as well as debt discount accretion expense of approximately million was included with the convertible
notes on the balance sheet. 

million of principal and million of unpaid accrued interest related to the 2021 and 2020
Notes was converted into shares of common stock. Additionally the noteholders were granted warrants equal to of the conversion shares
issued. The conversion resulted in a loss of million that is included as loss on debt conversion in the accompanying statements
of operations for the year ended December 31, 2021. 

F- 16 

loan with Silicon Valley Bank pursuant to the Small Business Administration s SBA Paycheck Protection Program PPP as well as a loan pursuant to the Economic Injury Disaster Assistance Program. The PPP loan proceeds are intended
to be used for payroll over the eight-week period following the date of the loan. The loan terms provide that no principal or interest
payments are due and interest will accrue at per annum commencing on April 23, 2020 through October 23, 2020 (deferral period). Commencing
one month after the deferral period and continuing monthly through the maturity of the loan on April 23, 2022, equal monthly payments
of principal and interest are due. The Company classified the loans as a current liability, has applied for and received loan forgiveness
in February 2021, and recorded a gain on extinguishment of debt in the statement of operations for the year ended December 31, 2021. 

during the year ended December 31, 2021. The Company repaid all amounts owed to the stockholder of million during the
year ended December 31, 2021. 

shares of the Company s common stock, valued
at per share, to Globavir s stockholders as payment for Globavir s services and shared costs rendered on behalf of
the Company in 2017, which were issued in 2018. 

per month through December 31, 2019 and per month commencing on January 1, 2020. During the
fourth quarter of 2021, after initially determining that future services under the Service Agreement were no longer required, the Company
wrote off the remaining prepaid balance due from Globavir as of December 31, 2021. During the year ended December 31, 2022, after
determining that although a shared office space is no longer utilized, consulting services continued to be provided, the Company amended
the Service Agreement to reflect the consulting services at a reduced service fee of per month and a termination date of June
30, 2022. 

of the gross proceeds received in the Company s planned initial
public offering. In addition to the non-accountable expense allowance, the Company has also agreed to pay or reimburse the underwriters
for certain of the underwriters out-of-pocket expenses relating to the offering, including all reasonable fees and expenses of
the underwriters outside legal counsel, and background checks, which shall not exceed in the aggregate . 

F- 17 

upon the closing of the planned initial public offering, and Benchmark provided advisory services with respect to the public offering.
The Company paid the advisory fee in July 2021. 

upon the closing
of a private placement of the Company s equity or equity-linked securities. Maxim provided advisory services with respect to a
private placement securities purchase agreement with certain healthcare-focused institutional investors, which closed in March of 2023.
The Company paid the advisory fee in March 2023. 

vested. The Company s 401(k) Plan provides that the Company match each participant s contribution at up to of
the employee s eligible compensation. Company contributions to the 401(k) Plan totaled approximately and for the
years ended December 31, 2021 and 2022, respectively. 

shares of common stock at par value of per share. 

shares of common stock and warrants to investors in exchange for cash at 
per unit, consisting of per share of common stock and . per four fifths of a warrant. The warrants have a -year term and
an exercise price of per warrant. The underwriters exercised their option to purchase an additional warrants, and the Company
received in proceeds. 

F- 18 

shares of common stock. Additionally,
convertible noteholders were granted a total of common stock warrants with a -year term and with an exercise price of 
per warrant. 

-

Warrants granted 
 -
 
 -
 
 -
 
 -

Warrants exercised 
 -
 
 -
 
 -
 
 -

Outstanding, December 31, 2022 

-

shares of preferred stock authorized, par value of per share and no shares of preferred stock were issued or outstanding. 

shares of common stock are reserved for issuance pursuant to the 2021 Plan. The 2021 Plan provides
for the issuance of incentive stock options, non-statutory stock options, stock appreciation rights, restricted stock, restricted stock
units, and other stock-based awards. As of December 31, 2021 and 2022, and shares of common stock, respectively, are
available under the 2021 Plan. 

shares were authorized for issuance and shares were available for future grant under the 2019 Plan. On April 6,
2020 the Company increased the shares authorized for issuance to shares total. On February 17, 2021, the Company increased the
shares authorized for issuance to shares total. As of July 15, 2021, no further awards may be issued under the 2019 Plan due
to the adoption of the Company s 2021 Plan. 

shares were authorized for issuance and shares were available for future grant under the
2018 Plan. As of July 15, 2021, no further awards may be issued under the 2018 Plan due to the adoption of the Company s 2021 Plan. 

F- 19 

Options granted 

Options forfeited 

Options exercised 

Outstanding, December 31, 2022 

Options vested and exercisable as of December 31, 2022 

million, which is expected to be recognized as expense over approximately years. 

stock options and the Company received in proceeds. A portion of these options
were exercised early (prior to vesting), and as of December 31, 2022, of the options remained unvested. Proceeds received related
to the unvested options of approximately at December 31, 2022 were included in accrued liabilities on the accompanying balance
sheets and will be reclassified to equity as vesting occurs, provided the employees and consultants continue to provide services to the
Company. Proceeds received related to the vested portion of options of were reclassified to equity during the year ended December
31, 2022. The vested portion of the exercises was shares at December 31, 2022. 

restricted stock units with a grant date fair value of , resulting in a fair value per share of . Subject to the consultant s
continued service, the restricted stock units shall vest upon the two-year anniversary of the date of grant. As of December 31, 2022,
the unrecognized compensation cost related to the grant was approximately , which is expected to be recognized as expense over
approximately 17 months. 

restricted stock units with a grant date fair value of , resulting in a fair value per share of . The restricted
stock units vested in July 2022. 

General and administrative 

Total stock-based compensation 

F- 20 

Risk-free interest rate 

Dividend yield 

- 

- 

Expected term 

- years 

years 

to the net loss is summarized for the years ended December
31, 2021 and 2022 is as follows: 

State income tax (benefit), net of federal benefit 
 -

Change in valuation allowance 

Interest on convertible notes 
 
 -

Others 

Effective income tax rate 
 -
 
 -

F- 21 

Net operating losses carryforwards 

Depreciation and Amortization 

Capitalized research 
 -

Accrued expenses 

Gross deferred tax assets 

Less: Valuation allowance 

Deferred tax assets, net of valuation allowance 
 -
 
 -

million
during the year ended December 31, 2022. The Company has concluded, based upon ASC 740, that it is more likely than not the Company will
not realize any benefit from the deferred tax assets related to certain Federal and state s net operating loss and credit carryforwards.
Accordingly, the Company has established a full valuation allowance against its Federal and state deferred tax assets. 

million and million to reduce future taxable income,
if any. Federal net operating losses generated prior to 2018 and all state net operating losses generated expire in varying amounts beginning
in 2037. These net operating losses, generated after 2017, do not expire and will be able to offset of taxable income generated in
the future. 

and available to reduce future taxable income, if any, for federal
and state income tax purposes, respectively. These credits have been provided a full reserve under ASC 740-10. The federal credit carryforwards
begin to expire in 2037, and the state credit carryforwards can be carried forward indefinitely. 

of taxable income for taxable years beginning before 2021. In addition, the CARES
Act allows NOLs incurred in 2018, 2019, and 2020 to be carried back to each of the five preceding taxable years to generate a refund
of previously paid income taxes. Due to the Company s history of NOLs, the CARES Act did not have a material impact on the Company s
financial statements. 

F- 22 

likely of being realized upon settlement.
This interpretation also provides guidance on measurement, de-recognition, classification, interest and penalties. 

Additions related to current year positions 

Ending balance 

and , respectively. The Company does not expect any material changes to the estimated
amount of liability associated with its uncertain tax positions within the next 12 months. The Company s policy is to recognize
interest and penalties related to uncertain tax positions in income tax expense. As of December 31, 2022, the Company had no accrued
interest and penalties related to uncertain tax positions. 

Denominator: 

Weighted-average shares outstanding used in computing net loss per share attributable to common stockholders, basic and diluted

Net loss per share attributable to common stockholders, basic and diluted

F- 23 

Warrants to purchase common stock 

Total 

, less applicable withholding taxes, and may receive up to million in
milestone payments and tiered royalties upon achievement of prespecified regulatory and commercial achievements. 

during February, 2023. The Company repaid amounts owed to the stockholder of plus accrued interest during March
2023. 

million in gross proceeds to
Unicycive through a private placement that includes initial upfront funding of million. The funding is being led by Vivo Capital
with participation from RA Capital, BVF Partners, Logos Capital, and is supported by existing investors Nantahala Capital Partners and
Rosalind Advisors Inc. In conjunction with the financing, Gaurav Aggarwal, M.D., Managing Director of Vivo Capital, will join the Unicycive
Board of Directors. 

million in shares of the Company s Series A Convertible Preferred Stock
and (ii) three tranches of warrants that are exercisable for convertible preferred stock as follows: 

million are exercisable until 21 days following the Company s announcement of receipt of FDA approval for Renazorb; 

million are exercisable until 21 days following the Company s announcement of receipt of TDAPA approval for Renazorb; and 

million are exercisable until 21 days following public disclosure of four quarters of commercial sales of Renazorb following receipt of TDAPA approval. 

in shares of the Company s Series A Convertible Preferred Stock and (ii) three tranches of warrants that are exercisable for convertible
preferred stock to employees of the Company. 

per share. 

of its annual net cash flow from operations following the approval of Renazorb by the FDA if obtained, and the commencement of
commercial sales. 

F- 24 

ITEM 9. CHANGES IN AND
DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE 

[None.] 

ITEM 9A. CONTROLS AND
PROCEDURES 

Evaluation of Disclosure Controls 

Our principal executive officer and principal
financial officer evaluated the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures as of December 31, 2022, the end
of the period covered by this Annual Report on Form 10-K. The term disclosure controls and procedures as defined in Rules
13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act, means controls and other procedures of a company that are designed to ensure that information
required to be disclosed by a company in the reports that it files under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported,
within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms. Disclosure controls and procedures include, without limitation,
controls and procedures designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by a company in the reports that it files under
the Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated to a company s management, including its principal executive officer and principal
financial officer, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. In designing and evaluating the disclosure
controls and procedures, management recognizes that any controls and procedures, no matter how well designed and operated, cannot provide
absolute assurance that the objectives of the controls system are met, and no evaluation of controls can provide absolute assurance that
all control issues and instances of fraud, if any, within a company have been detected. Based on the evaluation of our disclosure controls
and procedures as of December 31, 2022, our Chief Executive Officer and our Chief Financial Officer concluded that, as of such date,
our disclosure controls and procedures were not effective as we did not design or maintain an effective control environment commensurate
with the financial reporting requirements. Specifically, we lack a sufficient number of professionals with an appropriate level of accounting
knowledge, training and experience to appropriately analyze, record and disclose accounting matters timely and accurately while maintaining
appropriate segregation of duties. Without such professionals, we did not design and maintain formal accounting policies, procedures
and controls to achieve complete, accurate and timely financial accounting, reporting and disclosures, including controls over the preparation
and review of account reconciliations and journal entries. 

The lack of adequate staffing levels and expertise
of unusual or infrequent transactions with complex or infrequently applied accounting topics resulted in the insufficient level of supervision,
review and approval of certain information used to prepare our financial statements and the maintenance of effective controls to adequately
monitor and review significant transactions for financial statement completeness and accuracy. These control deficiencies, although varying
in severity, contributed to the material weakness in the control environment. If one or more material weaknesses persist or if we fail
to establish and maintain effective internal control over financial reporting, our ability to accurately report our financial results
could be adversely affected. 

The above material weakness did not result in
a material misstatement of our previously issued financial statements, however, it could result in a misstatement of our account balances
or disclosures that would result in a material misstatement of our annual or interim financial statements that would not be prevented
or detected. 

Management is taking steps to remediate the material
weakness in our internal control over financial reporting. To address the issues, we plan to hire additional personnel. Specifically,
management will: 

Increase the number of accounting
 personnel; 

Engage third party experts to assist
 management in completing a comprehensive risk assessment to identify, design and implement
 control activities; and 

Review and enhance business policies,
 procedures and related internal controls to standardize business processes. 

We expect to complete the remediation by the
end of 2023. We expect to incur additional costs to remediate this weakness, primarily personnel costs. 

- 72 - 

Management s Report on Internal Control
Over Financial Reporting 

Our management is responsible for establishing
and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting as such term is defined in Exchange Act Rule 13a-15(f). Internal
control over financial reporting is a process designed under the supervision and with the participation of our management, including
our principal executive officer and principal financial officer, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial
reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with U.S. GAAP. All internal control systems,
no matter how well designed, have inherent limitations. Therefore, even those systems determined to be effective can provide only reasonable
assurance with respect to financial statement preparation and presentation. 

As of December 31, 2022, under the supervision
and with the participation of our management, including our principal executive officer and principal financial officer, we conducted
an evaluation of the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting based on the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations
of the Treadway Commission in Internal Control-Integrated Framework - 2013. Based on this assessment, our management concluded that,
as of December 31, 2022, our internal control over financial reporting was not effective due to a material weakness in our internal control
over financial reporting as discussed above in our evaluation of disclosure controls. 

The lack of adequate staffing levels and expertise
of unusual or infrequent transactions with complex or infrequently applied accounting topics resulted in the insufficient level of supervision,
review and approval of certain information used to prepare our financial statements and the maintenance of effective controls to adequately
monitor and review significant transactions for financial statement completeness and accuracy. These control deficiencies, although varying
in severity, contributed to the material weakness in the control environment. If one or more material weaknesses persist or if we fail
to establish and maintain effective internal control over financial reporting, our ability to accurately report our financial results
could be adversely affected. 

In light of the material weakness, we performed
additional analysis and other post-closing procedures to ensure the reliability of financial reporting and that our financial statements
were prepared in accordance with U.S. GAAP. Accordingly, we believe that the financial statements included in this report fairly present,
in all material respects, our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows for the periods presented. 

Management is taking steps to remediate the material
weakness in our internal control over financial reporting. To address the issues, we plan to hire additional personnel. Specifically,
management will: 

Increase the number of accounting
 personnel; 

Engage third party experts to assist
 management in completing a comprehensive risk assessment to identify, design and implement
 control activities; and 

Review and enhance business policies,
 procedures and related internal controls to standardize business processes. 

We expect to complete the remediation by the
end of 2023. We expect to incur additional costs to remediate this weakness, primarily personnel costs. 

This Annual Report on Form 10-K does not include
an attestation report of our registered public accounting firm regarding internal control over financial reporting. Management s
report was not subject to attestation by the Company s registered public accounting firm pursuant to the exemption provided to
issuers that are not large accelerated filers nor accelerated filers under the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform
and Consumer Protection Act. 

Changes in Internal Control Over Financial
Reporting 

There have been no changes in our internal control
over financial reporting that occurred during our last fiscal quarter that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially
affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 

ITEM 9B. OTHER INFORMATION 

None. 

ITEM 9C. DISCLOSURE REGARDING
FOREIGN JURISDICTIONS THAT PREVENT INSPECTIONS. 

Not applicable. 

- 73 - 

PART III 

ITEM 10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 

The information required by this item is incorporated
by reference from the information contained in our Definitive Proxy Statement to be filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission
in connection with the Annual Meeting of Stockholders to be held in 2023 (the 2023 Proxy Statement ), under the heading
 Election of Directors. 

ITEM 11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 

The information required by this item is incorporated
by reference from the information contained in the 2023 Proxy Statement under the heading Executive Compensation. 

ITEM 12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP
OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS 

The information required by this item is incorporated
by reference from the information contained in the 2023 Proxy Statement under the headings Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial
Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters. 

ITEM 13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS
AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 

The information required by this item is incorporated
by reference from the information contained in the 2023 Proxy Statement under the headings Family Relationships and other Arrangements. 

ITEM 14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTANT
FEES AND SERVICES 

The information required by this item is incorporated
by reference from the information contained in the 2023 Proxy Statement under the heading Proposal 2: Ratification of the Appointment
of Our Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm for Fiscal Year Ending December 31, 2023. 

- 74 - 

PART IV 

ITEM 15. EXHIBITS, FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES 

(a) The
 following documents are filed as part of this report: 

(1) Financial
 Statements: 

The financial statements required by this
Item are included beginning at page F-1. 

(2) Financial
 Statement Schedules: 

All financial statement schedules have been omitted
because they are not applicable, not required or the information required is shown in the financial statements or the notes thereto. 

(b) Exhibits 

The following documents are included as exhibits to this report. 

Exhibit No. 
 
 Description 
 
 3.1 
 
 Amended
 and Restated Certificate of Incorporation (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.4 to Amendment No. 2 to Form S-1 filed on June
 21, 2021) 
 
 3.2 
 
 Certificate
 of Designation of Preferences, Rights and Limitations of the Series A Convertible Voting Preferred Stock (incorporated by reference
 to Exhibit 3.1 to Form 8-K filed on March 6, 2023) 
 
 3.3 
 
 Amended
 and Restated Bylaws (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.5 to Amendment No. 2 to Form S-1 filed on June 21, 2021) 
 
 3.4 
 
 Certificate of Designation of Preferences, Rights and Limitations of the Series A Convertible Voting Preferred Stock (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to Form 8-K filed on March 6, 2023 
 
 4.1 
 
 Specimen
 Stock Certificate evidencing the shares of common stock (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to Form S-1 filed on May
 21, 2021) 
 
 4.2 
 
 Form
 of Warrant Agent Agreement (including the terms of the Warrant) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to Amendment No. 2 to Form
 S-1 filed on June 21, 2021) 
 
 4.3 
 
 Form
 of Underwriter s Unit Purchase Option (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.3 to Amendment No. 2 to Form S-1 filed
 on June 21, 2021) 
 
 4.4 
 
 Description
 of the Registrant s Securities Registered Pursuant to Section 12 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (incorporated by reference
 to Exhibit 4.4 to Form 10-K filed on March 31, 2022). 
 
 4.5 
 
 Form
 of Specimen Stock Certificate for Series A-1 Preferred Stock (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to Form 8-K filed on March
 6, 2023) 
 
 4.6 
 
 Form
 of Tranche A Warrant (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to Form 8-K filed on March 6, 2023) 
 
 4.7 
 
 Form
 of Tranche B Warrant (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.3 to Form 8-K filed on March 6, 2023) 
 
 4.8 
 
 Form
 of Tranche C Warrant (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.4 to Form 8-K filed on March 6, 2023) 
 
 10.1+ 
 
 2018
 Equity Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Amendment No. 1 to Form S-1 filed on June 7, 2021) 
 
 10.2+ 
 
 2019
 Stock Option Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to Amendment No. 1 to Form S-1 filed on June 7, 2021) 
 
 10.3+ 
 
 2021
 Omnibus Equity Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to Form S-1 filed on June 7, 2021) 
 
 10.4 
 
 Assignment
 and Asset Purchase Agreement by and between the Company and Spectrum Pharmaceuticals, Inc., dated September 20, 2018 (incorporated
 by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to Amendment No. 1 to Form S-1 filed on June 7, 2021) 
 
 10.5 
 
 Exclusive
 License Agreement by and between the Company and Sphaera Pharma Pte. Ltd., dated October 1, 2017 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit
 10.5 to Amendment No. 1 to Form S-1 filed on June 7, 2021) 

- 75 - 

10.6 
 
 Service
 Agreement by and between the Company and Globavir Biosciences, Inc. dated July 1, 2017 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.6
 to Amendment No. 1 to Form S-1 filed on June 7, 2021) 
 
 10.7+ 
 
 Employment
 Agreement by and between the Company and Shalabh Gupta, M.D., dated May 18, 2021 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.7 to Form
 S-1 filed on May 21, 2021) 
 
 10.8+ 
 
 Employment
 Agreement by and between the Company and Pramod Gupta, M.D., dated March 22, 2021 incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.8 to Form
 S-1 filed on May 21, 2021) 
 
 10.9+ 
 
 Amendment
 to Employment Agreement by and between the Company and Pramod Gupta, M.D., dated April 28, 2021 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit
 10.9 to Form S-1 filed on May 21, 2021) 
 
 10.10# 
 
 Master
 Services Agreement, dated February 8, 2021, by and between Unicycive Therapeutics, Inc. and Ascent Development Services, Inc. (incorporated
 by reference to Exhibit 10.10 to Form S-1 filed on May 21, 2021) 
 
 10.11# 
 
 License
 Agreement effective as of July 14, 2022 by and between Unicycive Therapeutics, Inc. and Lee s Pharmaceutical (HK) Limited (incorporated
 by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Form 8-K filed on July 18, 2022) 

10.12# 
 
 License
 Agreement effective as of February 1, 2023 by and between Unicycive Therapeutics, Inc. and Lotus International Pte Ltd. (incorporated
 by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Form 8-K filed on February 2, 2023) 
 
 10.13 
 
 Form
 of Securities Purchase Agreement, dated March 3, 2023, by and between Unicycive Therapeutics, Inc. and the purchasers named therein
 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Form 8-K filed on March 6, 2023) 
 
 10.14 
 
 Placement
 Agency Agreement, dated March 3, 2023 by and between Unicycive Therapeutics, Inc. and EF Hutton, division of Benchmark Investments,
 LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to Form 8-K filed on March 6, 2023) 
 
 14.1 
 
 Code
 of Business Conduct and Ethics (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 14.1 to Form 10-K filed on March 31, 2022). 
 
 23.1 
 
 Consent of Mayer Hoffman McCann P.C., independent registered public accounting firm 
 
 24.1 
 
 Power of Attorney (included on signature page hereto) 
 
 31.1 
 
 Certification of Principal Executive
 Officer required under Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) under the Exchange Act. 
 
 31.2 
 
 Certification of Principal Financial
 Officer required under Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) under the Exchange Act. 
 
 32.1 
 
 Certification of Principal Executive
 Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 
 32.2 
 
 Certification of Principal Financial
 Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 
 101.INS 
 
 Inline XBRL Instance Document. 
 
 101.SCH 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema. 
 
 101.CAL 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase. 
 
 101.LAB 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Labels Linkbase. 
 
 101.PRE 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase. 
 
 101.DEF 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase. 
 
 104 
 
 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101). 

+ Indicates
 a management contract or any compensatory plan, contract or arrangement. 

# Portions
 of this exhibit (indicated by asterisks) have been redacted in compliance with Regulation
 S-K Item 601(b)(10)(iv). 

ITEM 16. FORM 10-K SUMMARY 

None. 

- 76 - 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant to the requirements
of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf
by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

UNICYCIVE THERAPEUTICS, INC. 

March 30, 2023 
 /s/ Shalabh Gupta 

Shalabh Gupta 

Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive
 Officer), President and Chairman of the Board of Directors 

POWER OF ATTORNEY 

KNOW ALL PERSONS BY THESE PRESENTS,
that each person whose signature appears below hereby constitutes and appoints Shalabh Gupta as his or her attorney-in-fact, with full
power of substitution and resubstitution, for him or her in any and all capacities, to sign any and all amendments to this Annual Report
on Form 10-K, and to file the same, with exhibits thereto and other documents in connection therewith, with the Securities and Exchange
Commission, granting unto said attorney-in-fact full power and authority to do and perform each and every act and thing requisite and
necessary to be done in connection therewith as fully to all intents and purposes as he might or could do in person, hereby ratifying
and confirming all that said attorney-in-fact, or his substitute or substitutes, may lawfully do or cause to be done by virtue hereof. 

Pursuant to the requirements
of the Securities Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities
and on the dates indicated. 

Signature 
 
 Title 
 
 Date 

/s/ Shalabh
 Gupta 
 
 Chief Executive Officer, President and Chairman of the Board of Directors 
 
 March 30, 2023 
 
 Shalabh Gupta 
 
 (Principal Executive Officer) 

/s/ John Townsend 
 
 Chief Financial Officer 
 
 March 30, 2023 
 
 John Townsend 
 
 (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

/s/ John Ryan,
 M.D., Ph.D. 
 
 Director 
 
 March 30, 2023 
 
 John Ryan, M.D., Ph.D. 

/s/ Sandeep
 Laumas, M.D. 
 
 Director 
 
 March 30, 2023 
 
 Sandeep Laumas, M.D. 

/s/ Brigitte
 Schiller, M.D. 
 
 Director 
 
 March 30, 2023 
 
 Brigitte Schiller, M.D. 

/s/ Gaurav Aggarwal, M.D. 
 
 Director 
 
 March 30, 2023 
 
 Gaurav Aggarwal, M.D. 

-77- 

<EX-23.1>
 2
 f10k2022ex23-1_unicycive.htm
 CONSENT OF MAYER HOFFMAN MCCANN P.C., INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM

Exhibit 23.1 

CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING
FIRM 

We consent to the incorporation by reference in
Registration Statements on Form S-8 (No. 333-259476) and Form S-3 (No. 333-266890) of our report dated March 30, 2023, with respect to
the financial statements of Unicycive Therapeutics, Inc. as of and for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, included in this Annual
Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022. 

/s/ Mayer Hoffman McCann P.C. 

San Diego, California 

 March 30, 2023 

</EX-23.1>

<EX-31.1>
 3
 f10k2022ex31-1_unicycive.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 31.1 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 

 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350 

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

I, Shalabh Gupta , M.D.,
certify that: 

(1) I have reviewed this Form 10-K
of Unicycive Therapeutics, Inc.; 

(2) Based on my knowledge, this
report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made,
in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

(3) Based on my knowledge, the
financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial
condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

(4) The registrant s other certifying
officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e)
and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant
and have: 

(a) designed such disclosure controls
and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information
relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly
during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b) designed such internal control
over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable
assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance
with generally accepted accounting principles; 

(c) evaluated the effectiveness
of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure
controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

(d) disclosed in this report any
change in the Registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the Registrant s most recent fiscal
quarter (the Registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably
likely to materially affect, the Registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

(5) The registrant s other certifying
officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors
and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

(a) All significant deficiencies
and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely
affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

(b) Any fraud, whether or not material,
that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: March 30, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/ Shalabh Gupta, M.D. 

Shalabh Gupta, M.D. 

Chief Executive Officer 
 (Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 4
 f10k2022ex31-2_unicycive.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 31.2 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 

 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350 

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

I, John Townsend , certify
that: 

(1) I have reviewed this Form 10-K
of Unicycive Therapeutics, Inc.; 

(2) Based on my knowledge, this
report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made,
in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

(3) Based on my knowledge, the
financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial
condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

(4) The registrant s other certifying
officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e)
and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant
and have: 

(a) designed such disclosure controls
and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information
relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly
during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b) designed such internal control
over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable
assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance
with generally accepted accounting principles; 

(c) evaluated the effectiveness
of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure
controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

(d) disclosed in this report any
change in the Registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the Registrant s most recent fiscal
quarter (the Registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably
likely to materially affect, the Registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

(5) The registrant s other certifying
officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors
and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

(a) All significant deficiencies
and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely
affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

(b) Any fraud, whether or not material,
that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: March 30, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/ John Townsend 

John Townsend 

Chief Financial Officer 
 (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 5
 f10k2022ex32-1_unicycive.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 32.1 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 

 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350 

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In connection with the Annual
Report of Unicycive Therapeutics, Inc. (the Company on Form 10-K for the twelve month period ended December 31, 2022, as
filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on March 30, 2023 (the Report ), I, Shalabh Gupta, M.D., Chief Executive
Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 

1. The Report fully complies
with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended; and 

2. The information contained
in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company as of, and for
the periods presented in the Report. 

By: 
 /s/ Shalabh Gupta, M.D. 

Shalabh Gupta, M.D. 

Chief Executive Officer 

A signed original of this
written statement required by Section 906 has been provided to the Company and will be furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission
or its staff upon request. 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 6
 f10k2022ex32-2_unicycive.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 32.2 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 

 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350 

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In connection with the Annual
Report of Unicycive Therapeutics, Inc. (the Company on Form 10-K for the twelve month period ended December 31, 2022, as
filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on March 30, 2023 (the Report ), I, John Townsend, Chief Financial Officer
of the Company, certify, pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 

1. The Report fully complies
with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended; and 

2. The information contained
in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company as of, and for
the periods presented in the Report. 

By: 
 /s/ John Townsend 

John Townsend 

Chief Financial Officer 

A signed original of this
written statement required by Section 906 has been provided to the Company and will be furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission
or its staff upon request. 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 21
 uncy-20221231.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 22
 uncy-20221231_cal.xml
 XBRL CALCULATION FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 23
 uncy-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 24
 uncy-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 25
 uncy-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

