<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230315_10-K_edgar_data_1290677_0001140361-23-011882.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>17654854</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>497442</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>2465188</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>6648789</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>3982883</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>3434810</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>14</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001140361-23-011882.hdr.sgml : 20230315
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230315171027
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001140361-23-011882
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		123
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230315
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230315

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Turning Point Brands, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001290677
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	TOBACCO PRODUCTS [2100]
		IRS NUMBER:				133961898
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-37763
		FILM NUMBER:		23736107

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		5201 INTERCHANGE WAY
		CITY:			LOUISVILLE
		STATE:			KY
		ZIP:			40229
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(502) 778-4421

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		5201 INTERCHANGE WAY
		CITY:			LOUISVILLE
		STATE:			KY
		ZIP:			40229

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	North Atlantic Holding Company, Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20040517

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001140361-23-011882.txt : 20230315

10-K
 1
 brhc10049632_10k.htm
 10-K

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549 

FORM 

(Mark One)

ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934

For the fiscal year ended 

OR

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934

For the transition period from_______________ to ________________

Commission file number: 

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)

(State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization)

(I.R.S. Employer Identification No.)

,
 , 

(Address of principal executive offices)

(Zip Code)

) 

(Registrant s telephone number, including area code)

Former name, former address and former fiscal year, if changed since last report: not applicable

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:

Title of each class

Trading Symbol(s)

Name of each exchange on which registered

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: None

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes 

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of
 Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or
 an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act.

Large accelerated filer

Non-accelerated filer

Smaller reporting company

Emerging growth company

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or
 revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act 

Indicate by
 check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the
 registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 

If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. 

Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant s executive officers during the
 relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act). Yes No

As of June 30, 2022, the aggregate market value of the registrant s voting common stock held by non-affiliates of the registrant was approximately million based on such closing sale price of the common stock as reported on the New York Stock Exchange.

At March 3, 2023, there were 
 shares outstanding of the registrant s voting common stock, par value 0.01 per share.

DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE

Portions of the registrant s definitive proxy statement for use in connection with its annual meeting of stockholders to be held on May 3, 2023, expected
 to be filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on or about March 24, 2023, are incorporated by reference into Part III hereof.

TURNING POINT BRANDS, INC.

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

Page No. 

PART I 

ITEM 1.

Business 

4

ITEM 1A.

Risk Factors 

16 

ITEM 1B.

Unresolved Staff Comments 

35 

ITEM 2.

Properties 

35 

ITEM 3.

Legal Proceedings 

35 

ITEM 4.

Mine Safety Disclosures 

35 

PART II 

ITEM 5.

Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity
 Securities 

36 

ITEM 6.

Selected Financial Data 

37 

ITEM 7.

Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 

38 

ITEM 7A.

Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 

51 

ITEM 8.

Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 

52 

ITEM 9.

Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 

89 

ITEM 9A.

Controls and Procedures 

89 

ITEM 9B.

Other Information 

90 

PART III 

ITEM 10.

Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 

91 

ITEM 11.

Executive Compensation 

91 

ITEM 12.

Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 

91 

ITEM 13.

Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 

91 

ITEM 14.

Principal Accountant Fees and Services 

91 

PART IV 

ITEM 15.

Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 

92 

ITEM 16.

Form 10-K Summary 

96 

Signatures 

97 

2 

Table of Contents 

Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements

This annual report on Form 10-K contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of the federal securities laws. Forward-looking statements may generally be identified using words such as
 anticipate, believe, expect, intend, plan and will or, in each case, their negative, or other variations or comparable terminology. These forward-looking statements include all matters that are not historical facts. By their nature,
 forward-looking statements involve risks and uncertainties because they relate to events and depend on circumstances that may or may not occur in the future. Some, but not all, of these risks are described under Item 1A Risk Factors and elsewhere
 throughout this Annual Report. As a result, actual events may differ materially from those expressed in or suggested by the forward-looking statements. Any forward-looking statement made by us in this annual report on Form 10-K speaks only as of
 the date hereof. New risks and uncertainties come up from time to time, and it is impossible for us to predict these events or how they may affect it. We have no obligation, and do not intend, to update any forward-looking statements after the date
 hereof, except as required by federal securities laws.

3 

Table of Contents 

PART I

Item 1. Business 

Turning Point Brands, Inc., Overview

Turning Point Brands, Inc. (the Company, we, our, or us is a leading manufacturer, marketer and distributor of branded adult consumer
 products. We sell a wide range of products to adult consumers consisting of staple products with our iconic brands Zig-Zag and Stoker s to our next generation products to satisfy evolving consumer preferences. Among other markets, we compete in the alternative smoking
 accessories and Other Tobacco Products OTP industries. The alternative smoking accessories market is a dynamic market experiencing robust secular growth driven by cannabinoid legalization in the U.S. and Canada, and positively evolving
 consumer perception and acceptance in North America. The OTP industry, which consists of non-cigarette tobacco products, exhibited mid-single-digit consumer unit annualized growth over the three-year period ending 2022 as reported by Management
 Science Associates, Inc. MSAi ), a third-party analytics and information company. Our three focus segments are led by our proprietary, iconic brands: Zig-Zag and CLIPPER in the Zig-Zag Products segment; Stoker s along with Beech-Nut and Trophy in the Stoker s Products segment; and our distribution platforms Vapor Beast ,
 VaporFi and Direct
 Vapor in the NewGen
 Products NewGen segment. Our businesses generate solid cash flow which we use to re-invest in our business, finance acquisitions, increase brand support, expand our distribution infrastructure, and strengthen our capital position. We
 currently ship to approximately 850 distributors with an additional 300 secondary, indirect wholesalers in the U.S. that carry and sell our products. Under the leadership of a senior management team with extensive experience in the consumer
 products, alternative smoking accessories and tobacco industries, we have grown and diversified our business through new product launches, category expansions, and acquisitions while concurrently improving operational efficiency. 

We believe there are meaningful opportunities to grow through investing in organic growth, acquisitions and joint ventures across all product categories. As of December 31, 2022, our products were
 available in approximately 197,000 U.S. retail locations which, with the addition of retail stores in Canada, brings our total North American retail presence to an estimated 217,000 points of distribution. Our sales team targets widespread
 distribution to all traditional retail channels, including convenience stores, and we have a growing e-commerce business.

Zig-Zag Products

Our Zig-Zag Products Zig-Zag segment principally includes rolling papers and make your own MYO cigar wraps used as smoking accessories. The strength of the Zig-Zag brand drives our leadership position in both the rolling papers and MYO cigar wrap markets. Zig-Zag is the #1 premium and #1 overall rolling paper in the U.S. with approximately 35 total market share according to MSAi. Management estimates also
 indicate that Zig-Zag is the #1 brand in the promising Canadian market. Rolling paper operations are
 aided by our sourcing relationship with Republic Technology International SAS RTI ). See Distribution and Supply Agreements for our discussion of the Zig-Zag distribution agreement. 1 

In MYO cigar wraps, the Zig-Zag brand commands a majority of the market and continues to innovate in novel ways through additional product introductions, including our introduction of Zig-Zag Rillo sized wraps, which
 are similar in size to cigarillos, the most popular and fastest growing type of machine-made cigars. In June 2020, we purchased certain assets from our long-term commercial partner Durfort Holdings S.R.L Durfort which included the co-ownership in the intellectual property rights for all of our MYO Homogenized Tobacco Leaf HTL cigar wraps products. In connection with the transaction, we entered into an exclusive Master Distribution
 Agreement to market and sell the original Blunt Wrap cigar wraps within the U.S. which was effective October 9, 2020. In late 2021, we
 extended our MYO cigar wraps offering with entries into the growing hemp wraps and natural leaf wraps markets. 

In July 2019, to extend our reach in Canada, we made a minority investment in Turning Point Brands Canada (formerly ReCreation Marketing) that we increased to a 65 ownership stake by July 2021.
 Turning Point Brands Canada is a specialty marketing and distribution firm focused on building brands in the Canadian cannabis accessories, tobacco and alternative products categories. Our majority ownership stake leverages Turning Point Brands
 Canada s significant expertise in marketing and distributing cannabis accessories and tobacco products throughout Canada. The remainder of Turning Point Brands Canada is owned by its management.

In July 2021, we acquired certain assets of Unitabac, LLC Unitabac ), a marketer of mass-market cigars. In the acquisition, we acquired a robust portfolio of cigarillo products and all related
 intellectual property, including Cigarillo Non-Tip (NT) HTL products and Rolled Leaf and Natural Leaf Cigarillo Products that we can leverage to re-introduce the Zig-Zag brand into a large and growing cigarillo market.

In February 2022, we announced an agreement with Flamagas, a renowned lighter manufacturer, for exclusive distribution of CLIPPER lighters in the U.S. and Canada.
 CLIPPER is the #1 reusable lighter in the world and the #2 overall world lighter brand but currently underrepresented in the U.S. and Canada with significant potential for growth. We aim to use our existing distribution infrastructure to expand
 access of CLIPPER lighters to more retailers and consumers.

1 Brand ranking and market share percentages obtained from MSAi for the 53-week period ended December 31, 2022.

4 

Table of Contents 

Since mid-2019, we have been repositioning the business with growth initiatives focused on new product introductions and new channel expansions that are better aligned with the growing market trends.
 As a result of those initiatives, we have been successful in changing the growth profile of our Zig-Zag Products segment. The Zig-Zag Products segment accounts for the majority of our operating profit and has become our fastest growing segment.

Stoker s Products

Our Stoker s Products Stoker s segment includes both moist snuff tobacco MST and loose-leaf chewing tobacco. Stoker s is our focus brand in both MST and chewing tobacco. In MST, Stoker s remains among the fastest growing brands and holds a 9.2 share in the stores with distribution and a 6.3 share of the total U.S. MST non-pouch market. Stoker s pioneered the large 12 oz. tub packaging format and is manufactured using a proprietary process that we believe results in a superior product.
 Starting in 2015, we extended the Stoker s MST franchise to include traditional 1.2 oz. cans to broaden
 retail availability. Our proprietary manufacturing process is conducted at our Dresden, Tennessee, plant and packaged in both our Dresden, Tennessee and Louisville, Kentucky facilities. 1 

Stoker s chewing tobacco has grown its market share considerably over the
 last several years and is presently the #1 discount and #1 overall brand in the industry, with approximately a 28 market share. Our status in the chew market is further strengthened by Beech-Nut , the #3 premium brand and #7 overall, as well as Trophy , Durango , and the five Wind River Brands.
 Collectively, the Company is the #2 marketer of chewing tobacco with approximately 34 market share. Our chewing tobacco operations are facilitated through our long-standing relationship with Swedish Match (now
 owned by Philip Morris International Inc.) , the manufacturer of our loose-leaf chewing tobaccos. 1 

NewGen Products

Our NewGen segment includes our vape distribution business that was built through acquisitions as well as a new product development arm dedicated to the development, production and sale of alternative
 products.

Within our vape distribution business, Vapor Beast is a leading distributor
 of vapor products servicing the non-traditional retail channel. Vapor Beast also operates a B2C e-commerce business with direct sales to consumers nationwide and abroad through the Direct Vapor and VaporFi brands.

We have also made minority investments to gain exposure to the large and growing cannabinoid market including in Wild Hempettes, Docklight Brands, Inc. and Old Pal Holding Company LLC.

Competitive Strengths

We believe our competitive strengths include the following:

Large, Leading Brands with Significant Scale

We have built a portfolio of leading brands with significant scale that are well recognized by consumers, retailers, and wholesalers. Our Zig-Zag and Stoker s brands are each well
 established and date back 123 and 83 years, respectively.

Zig-Zag is the #1 premium and #1 overall rolling paper brand in the U.S., with significant
 distribution in Canada as well. Zig-Zag is also the #1 MYO cigar wrap brand in the U.S., as measured by MSAi. We
 acquired North American rolling papers distribution rights for Zig-Zag in 1997. More importantly, we own the Zig-Zag tobacco trademark in the U.S. which we leverage for our MYO cigar wraps product. Approximately 42 of our total
 2022 Zig-Zag branded net sales are under our own Zig-Zag marks rather than those we license from RTI under the Distribution and Licensing Agreements described below . 

Stoker s is among the fastest growing MST brands in the industry and is the #1 loose-leaf
 chewing tobacco brand. We manufacture Stoker s MST using only 100 American Leaf, utilizing a proprietary process to
 produce what we believe is a superior product. 2 

Zig-Zag is an iconic brand and has strong, enduring brand recognition among a
 wide audience of consumers. CLIPPER is the #1 reusable lighter in the world and the #2 overall world lighter brand but currently underrepresented in the U.S. and Canada with significant potential for growth. We believe the Stoker s brand is seen as an innovator in both the moist snuff and loose-leaf chewing tobacco markets. Vapor Beast is a powerful distribution engine that allows us to further penetrate non-traditional retail
 outlets. IVG provides us direct access to the highly attractive, high margin B2C segment via its flagship Direct Vapor and VaporFi brands.

1 Brand rankings and market share percentages obtained from MSAi for the 53-week period ended December 31, 2022.

2 Brand ranking and market share percentages obtained from MSAi for the 53-week period ended December 31, 2022.

5 

Table of Contents 

Exposure to Growing Cannabinoid Consumption Trends

We believe that the cannabinoid market will expand over the coming years as it becomes increasingly accepted by the public in the U.S. Our product offerings, particularly those in our Zig-Zag Products
 segment, are ideally positioned to benefit from continued growth in consumer consumption.

The legal cannabis market in the U.S. is projected to grow from 26.1 billion in 2022 to 44.5 billion by 2027, representing a 11.3 compounded annual growth rate, according to a February 2023 report
 of BDSA. With flower being the leading form factor for cannabis consumption among consumers, we believe our product offerings provide us with significant opportunity to expand the retail channels our consumers frequent. A recent Gallup poll showed
 nearly seven in ten Americans now support legalizing cannabis nationwide, approximately twice the amount as twenty years ago. As of the end of 2022, 21 U.S. states and the District of Columbia had legalized cannabis for adult recreational use and a
 majority of states now allow for comprehensive public medical cannabis programs.

Successful Track Record of New Product Launches and Category Expansions

We have successfully launched new products and entered new product categories by leveraging the strength of our brands and methodically targeting markets which we believe have significant growth
 potential:

In 2009, we extended the Zig-Zag tobacco brand into the MYO cigar wraps market and
 captured a 50 market share within the first two years. We are now the market share leader for MYO cigar wraps with approximately a 59 share of the cigar wraps category and 79 of the share of the HTL cigar wraps sub-category. 1 We believe our success was driven by the Zig-Zag tobacco branding, which we feel is widely understood by consumers to represent a favorable, customizable experience ideally suited to MYO products. In late 2021, we extended our Zig-Zag MYO cigar wraps offering with entries into the growing hemp wraps and natural leaf wraps markets.

We extended the Zig-Zag brand into hemp rolling papers in 2018 and followed that
 with the launch of paper cones in 2019 with both products quickly establishing leading positions in their respective categories.

We leveraged the proud legacy and value of the Stoker s brand to introduce a 12 oz.
 MST tub, a size that was not offered by any other market participant at the time of introduction. Stoker s MST has
 been among the fastest growing moist snuff brands in the industry in terms of pounds sold. While competitors have since introduced larger format tub packaging, the early entry and differentiation of the Stoker s product have firmly established us as the market leader with over 50 of the tub market as of 2022. In 2015, we introduced Stoker s MST in 1.2 oz. cans to further expand retail penetration, particularly in convenience
 stores.

Vapor Beast quickly established itself as a leading marketer and distributor of liquid vapor products to the non-traditional retail universe which includes headshops, dispensaries, and B2B e-commerce. With
 its national footprint, Vapor Beast is leveraging its regional consumer preference insights to drive sales.

In 2019, the IVG acquisition, and with its VaporFi B2C marketing engine, offered us the opportunity to leverage the marketing competencies and processes to sell novel proprietary products across multiple
 channels and platforms. In addition, the Solace acquisition provided us with a leading line of liquids.

In 2019, we introduced Zig-Zag paper cones into the market and have grown it into
 one of the top brands in the category.

In 2021, the acquisition of the Unitabac assets provided a platform to re-introduce the Zig-Zag brand into a large and growing cigarillo market.

In 2022, we entered the lighter market through an exclusive distribution agreement for CLIPPER lighters in the U.S and Canada.

We strategically target product categories that we believe demonstrate significant growth potential and for which the value of our brands is likely to have a meaningful impact. We believe that our
 track record and existing portfolio of brands provide growth advantages as we continue to evaluate opportunities to extend our product lines and expand into new categories.

E-Commerce Capabilities

With the acquisitions of Vapor Beast and IVG, we established a scaled B2B and B2C e-commerce presence to service the vape market which was enhanced through our acquisition of Solace. We leveraged
 those capabilities to build a meaningful B2B and B2C e-commerce business for Zig-Zag .

6 

Table of Contents 

Extensive Distribution Network and Data Driven Sales Organization

We have taken important steps to enhance our selling and distribution network and consumer marketing capabilities that allow us to grow our business while keeping our capital expenditure requirements
 relatively low. We have long-standing relationships in the core convenience store channel and wholesale distribution network with access to more than 217,000 retail outlets in North America. We are also increasing brand presence through
 non-traditional channels including headshops, dispensaries, and B2B e-commerce and are expanding our sales team dedicated to these channels. We have added brand dedicated platforms including ZigZag.com to facilitate our e-commerce brand presence as
 well as sell on Amazon and other e-commerce sites. Our NewGen B2B business reaches thousands of vape stores and our B2C business has over one million unique customers.

We service our traditional tobacco and vapor customer bases with an experienced sales and marketing organization of approximately 180 professionals who possess in-depth knowledge of the OTP market. We
 extensively use data supported by leading technology, enabling our salesforce to analyze changing trends and effectively identify evolving consumer preferences at the store level and efficiently respond. We subscribe to a sales tracking system
 provided by MSAi that measures OTP product shipments by all market participants, on a weekly basis, from approximately 600 wholesalers to over 250,000 traditional retail stores in the U.S. This system enables us to understand share and volume
 trends across multiple categories at the store level, allowing us to allocate field salesforce coverage to the highest opportunity stores, thereby enhancing the value of new store placements and sales activity. Within our Stoker s segment, we have
 seen a positive correlation between the frequency of store calls by our salesforce and our retail market share.

Asset-light Business Model that Generates Resilient Free Cash Flow

We have a lean, asset-light manufacturing and sourcing model which leverages outsourced supplier relationships and requires low capital expenditures. We believe our asset-light model provides
 marketplace flexibility, allows us to achieve favorable margins and generates high free cash flow conversion.

As part of our asset-light operating model, we built long-standing and extensive relationships with leading, high-quality producers from whom we source products including loose-leaf chewing tobacco
 and cigarette paper, among others. We do not outsource our MST production as a result of our proprietary manufacturing processes which are substantively different than those of our competitors.

By outsourcing the production of certain products to a select group of suppliers with whom we have strong relationships, we are able to maintain low overhead costs and minimal capital expenditures.
 Our supplier relationships allow us to increase the breadth of our product offerings and quickly enter new markets as management is able to focus on brand building and innovation. In 2022, approximately 79 of our net sales were derived from
 outsourced production operations and our capital expenditures have ranged between 2.3 million and 7.7 million per year over the previous five years.

The stability of our cash flows is enhanced by the resilience of our Zig-Zag Products and Stoker s Products business segments which we believe have recession-resistant end-markets. These products are
 primarily staples that are small ticket purchases for repeat consumers. In addition, we believe the secular shift to the value category in the Stoker s Products segment will benefit the long-term resilience of our brands.

Expertise to Succeed in Dynamic Regulatory Environments

We operate in a highly regulated environment involving many different government agencies. In 2009, the U.S. Food and Drug Administration FDA was given jurisdiction over cigarettes and smokeless
 tobacco, which expanded in 2016 to include all other tobacco products including vaping and cigars. This was further expanded in 2022 to cover non-tobacco nicotine products. We believe we have a competitive advantage due to our management team s
 experience navigating the relevant regulatory environment. We have increased our investments in teams of professionals including regulatory lawyers, scientists, and quality assurance processes to ensure we maintain a competitive advantage in this
 area.

The FDA is implementing a premarket review process, referred to as the PMTA, or the Premarket Tobacco Application, process, which requires all tobacco products introduced or changed since 2007 to
 submit an application to the FDA and receive marketing authorization prior to entering the market. For products already on the market when these requirements became effective, the FDA required applications for those products to be on file by
 certain dates depending on whether the products were originally-regulated under the Family Smoking Prevention Tobacco Control Act TCA ), whether they were later deemed tobacco products, or whether they contain non-tobacco nicotine and were not
 otherwise exempt from the TCA. The PMTA process is a very expensive and resource-intensive process and there are currently hundreds of competitors in the market but very few have the capability and or the resources to get their products
 successfully through this process. In the years since, FDA has rejected millions of applications.

To date, we have spent approximately 24 million in order to file and supplement applications covering a broad portfolio of noncombustible products,
 including vaping products and novel oral nicotine products. By developing and submitting for FDA marketing authorization a deep suite of noncombustible products and leveraging our distribution platform, we believe that we have the opportunity to
 grow as consumers look toward potentially lower-risk product offerings. We believe this is a transformational event for the industry with potential for us to realize substantial benefits over time as the FDA accelerates enforcement thereby,
 creating significant barriers for new entrants as well as significant difficulties for existing companies who may not have the ability to comply with these regulatory requirements. See Risks Related to Legal, Tax and Regulatory Matters under

Item 1A Risk Factors and Note 1, Organizations and Basis of Presentation in the notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements in Part II, Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K, for additional information. 

7 

Table of Contents 

In addition, we have been building and expanding an alternative logistics infrastructure across the U.S. to comply with the Prevent All Cigarette Trafficking Act PACT Act which was recently
 extended to prohibit the use of the U.S. Postal Service to mail e-cigarette and related products directly to consumers and requires other common carriers to obtain adult signature on delivery.

Experienced Management Team

With extensive experience in consumer products, alternative smoking accessories and tobacco markets, our senior management team has enabled us to grow and diversify our business while improving
 operational efficiency. Members of management have previous experience at other leading tobacco companies. Given the professional experience of the senior management team we are able to analyze risks and opportunities from a variety of
 perspectives. Our senior leadership has embraced a collaborative culture in which the combined experience, analytical rigor, and creativity are leveraged to assess opportunities and deliver products that satisfy consumers demands. Our management
 team also brings a proven track record of patient and selective capital deployment into value enhancing transactions.

Growth Strategies

We are focused on building sustainable margins, expanding the availability of our products, developing innovative new products, and enhancing overall operating efficiencies with the goal of improving
 margins and cash flow. We adopted the following strategies to drive growth in our business and build stockholder value:

Grow Share of Existing Product Lines, Domestically and Internationally

We intend to remain a consumer centric organization with an innovative view and understanding of the alternative smoking accessories and OTP markets. We believe we have strong tailwinds for growth
 within our existing product lines. Within our Zig-Zag Products segment, we are benefitting from secular growth trends in the industry, driving market share gains in our traditional convenience store channel and expanding our presence into
 non-traditional channels including headshops, dispensaries and e-commerce to drive growth. Within our Stoker s Products segment, there is ample runway to gain market share driven by same store sales growth and further distribution gains as Stoker s MST continues to be one of the fastest growing brands in the category.

In 2022, less than 10 of our revenues were generated outside of the U.S. Having established a strong infrastructure and negotiated relationships across multiple segments and products, we are pursuing
 an international growth strategy to broaden sales and strengthen margins. We believe international sales represent a meaningful growth opportunity. In 2021, we further invested in growth in Canada by increasing our ownership in Turning Point Brands
 Canada to 65 . Our goals include expanding our presence in the worldwide OTP industry on a targeted basis. For example, we are expanding Zig-Zag s retail penetration and product assortment in Canada including distributing CLIPPER lighters, and
 selling our Stoker s MST products in South America, Europe, Asia and Africa.

Expand into Adjacent Categories through Innovation and New Partnerships

We continually evaluate opportunities to expand into adjacent product categories by leveraging our current portfolio and forming new partnerships. We believe there are meaningful opportunities for
 growth within the alternative smoking accessories and OTP markets. We maintain a robust product pipeline and plan to strategically introduce new products in attractive, growing markets, both domestically and internationally, with specific focus on
 our papers and MYO wraps businesses. In particular, the strength of the Zig-Zag brand provides a great platform to introduce
 a suite of complementary products similar to our launch and expansion of hemp papers, paper cones, hemp wraps and natural leaf wraps. In 2022, we entered the lighter market through an exclusive distribution agreement for CLIPPER lighters in the
 U.S. and Canada. CLIPPER is the #1 reusable lighter in the world and the #2 overall world lighter brand but currently underrepresented in the U.S. and Canada with significant potential for growth. As we have done successfully in the past, we will
 leverage our existing sales infrastructure to drive distribution of new products and are investing to expand our e-commerce distribution capabilities.

We have identified a number of new opportunities and we intend to leverage our existing brands and partnerships to continue the process of commercializing winning products that satisfy consumer needs.

Accelerate Growth Through National Distribution Network

Our business is built around a powerful sales and distribution infrastructure that currently reaches an estimated 217,000 retail outlets in North America. We have strong presence in independent
 convenience stores and now service most of the leading chain accounts. Through our e-commerce platforms we have alternative avenues through which to sell third-party products and an increasing mix of our proprietary products. This strategy allows
 new products to be tested with lower risk before we incorporate them into our wider brick and mortar distribution system.

8 

Table of Contents 

Combining our different platforms, we have an expansive multi-channel distribution infrastructure that gives us a big competitive advantage when we introduce new products or acquire companies that we
 can integrate into our network. We believe our experienced salesforce, expansive distribution network, and leading market analytics put us in a strong position to swiftly execute new product launches in response to evolving consumer and market
 preferences.

Strategically Pursue Acquisitions

We believe there are meaningful acquisition opportunities in our fragmented markets. We regularly evaluate acquisition opportunities across our industries. In evaluating acquisition opportunities, our
 focus is on identifying acquisitions that would leverage our distribution platform and product offerings or enable category expansion in areas with high growth potential to drive profit generation.

The vast majority of our 2022 U.S. gross profit was derived from sales of products currently regulated by the FDA Center for Tobacco Products. We have significant experience in complying with the FDA
 regulatory regime with a compliance infrastructure composed of legal and scientific professionals. We believe many smaller OTP manufacturers currently lack this infrastructure, which is necessary to comply with the broad scope of FDA regulations.
 We believe our regulatory compliance infrastructure, combined with our skilled management and strong distribution platform, position us to act as a consolidator within the OTP industry.

We have a strong track record of enhancing our OTP business with strategic and accretive acquisitions. The Company itself was built through acquisitions that were subsequently grown through
 distribution gains, market share growth and brand extensions into new product categories. This is a playbook that we have drawn on over time with a consistent track record of success. We acquired the U.S. and Canadian rolling papers distribution
 rights for Zig-Zag in 1997 and extended our product offerings including our entry into the MYO cigar wraps category in 2009.
 Today, Zig-Zag is the #1 premium and #1 overall rolling paper and MYO cigar wrap brand in the U.S., as measured by MSAi. In
 2003, we acquired the Stoker s brand. We have since built the brand to the #1 position in the chewing tobacco industry while
 successfully leveraging the brand s value through our MST expansion where it remains among the fastest growing MST brands. Subsequent to our initial public offering IPO in 2016, we completed a series of acquisitions that built the foundation of
 our NewGen segment through (i) Vapor Beast, (ii) IVG, and (iii) Solace. Our investment in Turning Point Brands Canada in 2019 is accelerating Zig-Zag s growth through alternative channel penetration and introducing our proprietary NewGen products
 into Canada. In 2020, we acquired certain assets from Durfort including co-ownership of the intellectual property rights for our MYO cigar wraps products. The transaction increased our share of the economics in a MYO cigar wraps business that was
 benefitting from secular growth tailwinds and gave us access to a complimentary product in Blunt Wrap through an exclusive distribution agreement. Our investments in Wild Hempettes, Docklight and Old Pal
 give us increased exposure to the large and growing cannabinoid market. In 2021, we acquired certain assets from Unitabac, providing a platform to re-enter the large and growing cigarillo category.

Raw Materials, Product Supply, and Inventory Management

We source our products through a series of longstanding, highly valued relationships which allow us to conduct our business on an asset-light, distribution-focused basis.

The components of inventories were as follows (in thousands):

December 31,

 2022

December 31,

 2021

Raw materials and work in process

7,283

6,936

Leaf tobacco

43,468

35,900

Finished goods - Zig-Zag Products

42,279

25,663

Finished goods - Stoker s Products

9,667

8,959

Finished goods - NewGen Products

15,431

8,591

Other

1,787

1,558

Inventories

119,915

87,607

Zig-Zag Products

Pursuant to the Zig-Zag distribution agreements, we are
 required to purchase from RTI all cigarette papers, cigarette tubes, and cigarette injecting machines that we sell, subject to RTI fulfilling its obligations under the Zig-Zag distribution agreements. See Distribution and Supply Agreements for a discussion of the Zig-Zag distribution agreements. If RTI is unable or unwilling to perform its obligations or ceases its cigarette paper manufacturing operations, in each case, as set forth in the
 Distribution Agreements, we may seek third-party suppliers and continue the use of the Zig-Zag trademark to market these
 products. To ensure we have a steady supply of premium cigarette paper products, as well as cigarette tubes and injectors, RTI is required to maintain, at its expense, a two-month supply of inventory in a bonded, public warehouse in the U.S.

9 

Table of Contents 

We obtain our MYO cigar wraps from our supplier in the Dominican Republic. We also obtain our Zig-Zag branded cigar products from the Dominican Republic.

Stoker s Products

We produce our moist snuff and loose-leaf chewing tobaccos from air-cured and fire-cured leaf tobacco, respectively. We utilize recognized suppliers that generally maintain 12- to 24-month supplies of
 our various types of tobacco at their facilities. We do not believe we are dependent on any single country or supplier source for tobacco. We generally maintain up to a two-month supply of finished, moist snuff and loose-leaf chewing tobacco on
 hand. This supply is maintained at our Louisville, Kentucky, facility and in two regional public warehouses to facilitate distribution.

We also utilize a variety of suppliers for the sourcing of additives used in our smokeless products and for the supply of our packaging materials. Thus, we believe we are not dependent on a single
 supplier for these products. There are no current U.S. federal regulations that restrict tobacco flavor additives in smokeless products. The additives that we use are food-grade, generally accepted ingredients.

All of our moist snuff products are manufactured at our facility in Dresden, Tennessee. Packaging occurs at the Dresden, Tennessee, location in addition to the facility in Louisville, Kentucky. All of
 our loose-leaf chewing tobacco production is fulfilled through our agreement with Swedish Match. See Distribution and Supply Agreements for our discussion of the Swedish Match Manufacturing Agreement.

NewGen Products

We have sourcing relationships that are capable of providing liquid vapor products for other companies brands and for producing our own branded product lines in the category. Our acquisitions of
 Vapor Beast, IVG and Solace have (i) accelerated our entry into the non-traditional retail channel, where we believe a significant portion of liquid vapor products are sold; (ii) provided enhanced distribution of products; and (iii) established
 best-in-class distribution and B2C platforms. Furthermore, we have established a sourcing group in Asia to ensure timely and cost-effective access to marketplace winners and new product launches, while also maximizing margins through thoughtful
 logistics strategies.

Distribution and Supply Agreements

The Zig-Zag Distribution and License Agreements

In 1992, we entered into two long-term exclusive distribution agreements with respect to sales of Zig-Zag cigarette papers, cigarette tubes, and cigarette
 injector machines in the U.S. and Canada (collectively, the Distribution Agreements ). The Distribution Agreements had an initial twenty-year term, which automatically renews for successive twenty-year terms unless terminated in accordance with
 the terms of the Distribution Agreements. The Distribution Agreements renewed for their second twenty-year term in November 2012.

Under the Distribution Agreements, we are required to purchase cigarette papers, cigarette tubes, and cigarette injector machines from the licensor; however, our licensor must provide us with
 sufficient quantities consistent with specific order-to-delivery timelines outlined in the Distribution Agreements. Our product supply is further protected by additional safeguards, including the right to seek third-party suppliers in certain
 circumstances and a two-month safety stock inventory to be kept in the U.S. at the licensor s expense. The Distribution Agreements also provide shared responsibility for duties, insurance, shipping, and taxes. The import duties and taxes in the
 U.S. and Canada are our responsibility, while the licensor is responsible for insurance, export duties, and shipping costs.

Each of the Distribution Agreements contains customary termination provisions, including failure to meet performance obligations, the assignment of the agreement or the consummation of a change of
 control, in each case, without consent of the licensor, upon certain material breaches, including our agreement not to promote, directly or indirectly, cigarette paper or cigarette paper booklets of a competitor, or upon our bankruptcy, insolvency,
 liquidation, or other similar event. The licensor also may terminate the Distribution Agreements if a competitor acquires a significant amount of our common stock or if one of our significant stockholders acquires a significant amount of one of our
 competitors. In the event of a termination, we have agreed that for a period of five years after the termination we will not engage, directly or indirectly, in the manufacturing, selling, distributing, marketing, or otherwise promoting, in the U.S.
 and Canada, of cigarette paper or cigarette paper booklets of a competitor without consent. There are certain de minimis exceptions to these provisions. For further details, see Item 1A Risk Factors We depend on a small number of key
 third-party suppliers and producers for our products .

10 

Table of Contents 

In subsequent years, we entered into two licensing agreements, giving us the exclusive use of the Zig-Zag brand name for e-cigarettes and related accessories
 in the U.S. and for paper cone products in the U.S. and Canada (collectively, the License Agreements ). Each of the License Agreements terminates if the Distribution Agreements are terminated.

The Distribution Agreements and the License Agreements were initially entered into with Bollor S.A. Bollor ). In November 2020, Bollor assigned the Distribution Agreements and the License Agreements to RTI. For
 a number of years, RTI has been the outsourced manufacturer of cigarette papers, cigarette tubes, cigarette injector machines and certain other products bearing the Zig-Zag name.

Swedish Match Manufacturing Agreement

In 2008, we entered into a manufacturing and distribution agreement with Swedish Match whereby Swedish Match became the exclusive manufacturer of our loose-leaf chewing tobacco. Under the agreement,
 production of our loose-leaf chewing tobacco products was completely transitioned to Swedish Match s plant located in Owensboro, Kentucky, in 2009. We source all of the tobacco Swedish Match uses to manufacture our products along with certain
 proprietary flavorings and retain all marketing, design, formula, and trademark rights over our loose-leaf products. We also have the right to approve all product modifications and are solely responsible for decisions related to package design and
 branding of the loose-leaf tobacco produced for us. Responsibilities related to process control, manufacturing activities, and inventory management with respect to our loose-leaf products are allocated between us and Swedish Match as specified in
 the agreement. We also have rights to monitor production and quality control processes on an ongoing basis.

The agreement had an initial ten-year term and will automatically be renewed for five successive ten-year terms unless either party provides at least 180 days notice prior to a renewal term of its
 intent to terminate the agreement, or unless otherwise terminated by mutual agreement of the parties in accordance with the provisions of the agreement. If a notice of non-renewal is delivered, the contract will expire two years after the date on
 which the agreement would have otherwise been renewed. The terms allow the agreement to be assumed by a buyer, terminated for uncured material breach, or terminated by us subject to a buyout. We also hold a right of first refusal to acquire the
 manufacturing plant as well as Swedish Match s chewing tobacco unit. The agreement was automatically renewed for the first of five 10-year renewal periods in September 2018.

In November 2022, Philip Morris International Inc., acquired Swedish Match.

Production and Quality Control

We primarily outsource our manufacturing and production processes and focus on packaging, marketing, and distribution. We currently manufacture less than 20 of our products as measured by net sales.
 Our in-house manufacturing operations are principally limited to (i) the manufacturing of our moist snuff products, which occurs at our facility in Dresden, Tennessee; and (ii) the packaging of our moist snuff products at our facilities in Dresden,
 Tennessee and Louisville, Kentucky. Our MST products are processed in-house, rather than outsourced, as a result of our proprietary manufacturing processes which are substantively different than those of our competitors.

We use proprietary production processes and techniques, including strict quality controls. Our quality control group routinely tests the quality of the tobacco, flavorings, application of flavorings,
 premium cigarette papers, tubes and injectors, cigars, MYO cigar wraps, liquid vapor products, and packaging materials. We utilize sophisticated quality controls to test and closely monitor the quality of our products. The high quality of our
 tobacco products is largely the result of using high-grade tobacco leaf and food-grade flavorings and, on an ongoing basis, analyzing the tobacco cut, flavorings, and moisture content together with strict specifications for sourced products.

Given the importance of contract manufacturing to our business, our quality control group ensures that established, written procedures and standards are adhered to by each of our contract
 manufacturers. Responsibilities related to process control, manufacturing activities, quality control, and inventory management with respect to our loose-leaf are allocated between us and Swedish Match under the manufacturing agreement.

Sales and Marketing

We have grown the size and capacity of our salesforce and intend to continue strengthening the organization to advance our ability to deepen and broaden the retail availability of our products and
 brands.

As of December 31, 2022, we had a nationwide sales and marketing organization of approximately 180 professionals. Our sales and marketing group focuses on priority markets
 and sales channels and seeks to operate with a high level of efficiency. In 2022, our Zig-Zag and Stoker s Products sales and marketing efforts enabled our products to reach an estimated 217,000 retail outlets in North America and over 850 direct
 wholesale customers with an additional 300 secondary, indirect wholesalers in the U.S.

Our Zig-Zag and Stoker s Products sales efforts are focused on wholesale distributors and retail merchants in the independent and chain convenience store, tobacco outlet, food store, mass
 merchandising, drug store, and non-traditional retail channels. For Zig-Zag Products, we have also developed a growing e-commerce business along with a sales team focused on serving alternative channels such as headshops and dispensaries. Our
 NewGen sales efforts are focused on alternative channels and winning new stores, increasing our products share and store share and growing the B2C engine to capture a greater share of direct to consumer online sales. We have expanded, and intend to
 continue to expand, the sales of our products into previously underdeveloped geographic markets and retail channels. In 2022, we derived more than 90 of our net sales from sales in the U.S., with the remainder primarily from sales in Canada.

11 

Table of Contents 

We subscribe to a sales tracking system from MSAi that records all traditional OTP product shipments (ours as well as those of our competitors) from approximately 600 wholesalers to over 250,000
 traditional retail stores in the U.S. This system enables us to understand individual product share and volume trends across multiple categories down to the individual retail store level, allowing us to allocate field salesforce coverage to the
 highest opportunity stores. Additionally, the ability to select from a range of parameters and to achieve this level of granularity means we can analyze marketplace trends in a timely manner and swiftly evolve our business planning to meet market
 opportunities.

We employ marketing activities to grow awareness, trial, and sales including selective trade advertising to expand wholesale availability, point-of-sale advertising and merchandising and permanent and
 temporary displays to improve consumer visibility, and social media. We comply with all regulations relating to the marketing of tobacco products, such as directing marketing efforts to adult consumers, and are committed to full legal compliance in
 the sales and marketing of our products. To date, we have neither relied upon, nor conducted, any substantial advertising in consumer media for our tobacco products.

For the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, we did not have any customer that accounted for 10 or more of our net sales. Our customers use an open purchase order system to buy our products
 and are not obligated to do so pursuant to ongoing contractual obligations. We perform periodic credit evaluations of our customers and generally do not require collateral on trade receivables. Historically, we have not experienced material credit
 losses. Sales to customers within our NewGen segment are generally prepaid.

Competition

Many of our competitors are better capitalized than we are and have greater resources, financial and otherwise. We believe our ability to effectively compete and maintain strong market positions in
 our principal product lines are due to the high recognition of our brand names, the perceived quality of each of our products, and the efforts of our sales, marketing, and distribution teams. We compete against big tobacco, including Altria
 Group, Inc. (formerly Philip Morris International Inc.); British American Tobacco p.l.c. (formerly R.J. Reynolds Tobacco Company); Swedish Match (now owned by Philip Morris International Inc.); Swisher International, Inc.; and manufacturers
 including U.K. based Imperial Brands, PLC, across our segments. Big tobacco has substantial resources and a customer base that has historically demonstrated loyalty to their brands.

Competition in the OTP market is based upon not only brand quality and positioning but also on price, packaging, promotion, and retail availability and visibility. Given the decreasing prevalence of
 cigarette consumption, the big tobacco companies continue to demonstrate an increased interest and participation in a number of OTP markets.

Zig-Zag Products

Our principal competitors for premium rolling paper sales are Republic Tobacco, L.P. and HBI International. Our major competitors in MYO cigar wraps are Good Times USA, LLC and New Image Global, Inc.
 We believe MYO cigar wrap products are used interchangeably with both rolling papers and finished cigar products by many consumers.

Stoker s Products

Our four principal competitors in the moist snuff category are Swedish Match (acquired in 2022 by Philip Morris International Inc.), the American Snuff Company, LLC (a unit of British American Tobacco
 p.l.c.), Swisher International Group, Inc. and U.S. Smokeless Tobacco Company (a division of Altria Group, Inc.). In the loose-leaf chewing tobacco market, our three principal competitors are Swedish Match (acquired in 2022 by Philip Morris
 International Inc.), the American Snuff Company, LLC (a unit of British American Tobacco p.l.c.), and Swisher International Group, Inc. We believe moist snuff products are used interchangeably with loose-leaf products by many consumers.

NewGen Products

In the NewGen segment, our competitors are varied as the market is relatively new and highly fragmented. Our direct competitors sell products that are substantially similar to our products through the
 same channels in which we sell our liquid vapor products. We compete with these direct competitors for sales through wholesalers and retailers including, but not limited to, vapor stores, national chain stores, tobacco shops, and convenience stores
 and in the online direct to consumer environment. As a result of our acquisitions of Vapor Beast, IVG and Solace we now also compete directly with other non-traditional distributors and retailers.

12 

Table of Contents 

Patents, Trademarks, and Trade Secrets

We have numerous registered trademarks relating to our products, including: Beech-Nut , Trophy , Havana Blossom , Durango , Stoker s , Tequila Sunrise , Fred s Choice , Old Hillside ,
 Our Pride , Red Cap , Tennessee Chew , Big Mountain , 
 Springfield Standard , Snake River ,
 FR , Vapor Beast , Vapor Shark , DirectVapor , VaporFi 
 and South Beach Smoke . The registered trademarks, which are significant to our business, expire
 periodically and are renewable for additional 10-year terms upon expiration. Flavor and blend formula trade secrets relating to our tobacco products, which are key assets of our businesses, are maintained under strict secrecy.

The Zig-Zag trade dress trademark for premium cigarette papers and related
 products are owned by RTI and have been exclusively licensed to us in the U.S. and Canada. The Zig-Zag trademark for
 e-cigarettes is also owned by RTI and has been exclusively licensed to us in the U.S. We own the Zig-Zag trademark with
 respect to its use in connection with products made with tobacco including, without limitation, cigarettes, cigars, and MYO cigar wraps in the U.S.

Research and Development and Quality Assurance

We have a research and development and quality assurance function that tests raw materials and finished products in order to maintain a high level of product quality and consistency. Research and
 development largely bases its new product development efforts on our high-tech data systems. We spent approximately 0.6 million, 1.1 million, and 1.3 million dollars on research and development and quality control efforts for the years ended
 December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively.

Human Capital

As of March 3, 2023, we employed 413 full-time and part-time employees. None of our employees are represented by unions. We believe we have a positive relationship with our employees.

We believe that our success is driven by our employees. Our human capital strategy, which is developed and overseen by our Chief People Officer CPO ), focuses on the health and safety of our employees, development
 and retention of current employees, and talent attraction. Our CPO is also responsible for our diversity, equity, and inclusion DE I strategies. The CEO and CPO regularly updates the board of directors and its committees on the human
 capital management, as well as the implementation of new initiatives.

Health and Safety: Our health and safety programs are designed to address applicable regulations as well as the specific hazards and work
 environments of each of our facilities. We regularly conduct safety reviews at each of our locations to ensure compliance with applicable regulations and all policies and procedures. We maintain safety committees that meet regularly to discuss and
 address any potential issues in our warehouse and manufacturing facilities. In addition, we conduct quarterly Motor Vehicle Safety trainings and annual Motor Vehicle Records checks for those assigned to company vehicles or who are daily drivers. We
 utilize a number of metrics to assess the performance of our health and safety policies, procedures and initiatives, including lost workdays and any recordable or reportable incidents.

TPB Culture Committee: We implemented a Culture Committee in 2021 as a platform to discuss and implement ideas for Turning Point Brands to be the employer of choice. The
 committee is comprised of diverse individuals from different departments and geographic locations. The committee s focus is to recommend and implement best practices in the areas of health and safety, DE I, employee engagement, talent
 development and retention, and community engagement.

Employee Engagement: To assess and improve employee retention and engagement, we implemented a new software system which frequently surveys our workforce to focus our efforts
 on maximizing employee engagement and retention. The system is configured to use text messaging, in addition to email notifications to increase the participation of our workforce.

Diversity, Equity and Inclusion: We place a high value on DE I. As of December 31, 2022, approximately 32 of our workforce was female and 28 of our employees in
 managerial roles were female. As of the same date, underrepresented minorities made up approximately 27 of our workforce, with 22 of our managerial roles held by underrepresented minorities.

Training and Talent Development: We provide technical and leadership training to employees at both the officer and non-officer levels. In 2020, the Company developed Turning
 Point University, an online training and development tool used by management and employees.

We believe that encouraging continual development for our employees is essential for us to maintain the strength and profitability of the Company, generally, and brands, specifically. The Company posts its openings
 internally to allow current employees to apply. In 2022, we had 24 internal promotions within the organization.

Retaining Talent: During the year ended December 31, 2022, our employee turnover rate was 14.9 . To retain
 our employees, we believe it is critical to continually focus on ensuring employees are highly engaged and feel valued. We address these retention efforts in a number of ways from formal surveys and quarterly business updates to regular informal
 discussions with employees that enable us to listen to, understand and address their concerns. 

13 

Table of Contents 

Employee Benefits : We offer comprehensive benefit programs to our employees that provides them with, among other things, medical,
 dental, and vision healthcare; 401(k) matching contributions; paid parental leave; tuition assistance; paid holidays; and paid vacation time. 

Environmental, Social and Governance ESG 

We believe that focusing on our consumers and customers, while proactively and productively addressing the environment, our employees, our community, and society at large, is the key to driving value for all
 stakeholders. We recognize that incorporating ESG initiatives into our business strategy enhances our operating principles of winning with accountability, integrity, and responsibility, and will position our company for greater success in the
 future. We believe that we will maximize shareholder returns by implementing strategies and establishing goals to address public health concerns, mitigate environmental risks, seek and integrate a diverse range of viewpoints, and display
 responsible behaviors to suppliers, customers, members of the organization and most of all to our consumers.

Our Board of Directors voted on March 22, 2021, to add Environmental, Social, and Governance oversight to the Nominating and Governance Committee s portfolio of responsibilities. In recognition of the committee s
 expanded role, the Nominating and Governance Committee was renamed the Nominating and ESG Committee.

We engaged Nasdaq Corporate Solutions NCS to provide a comprehensive review of the Company s ESG program and to provide recommendations based on best practices. The Company continues to implement plans to address
 gaps that were identified by NCS.

Public Health

One key aspect of our ESG program, is our distinct focus on our role in public health. We market and sell products intended for adult use only, many containing nicotine. As a result, public health plays a central
 role in all of our product initiatives. We believe in, and work diligently to apply, harm reduction principles to all of our products, from development through distribution and marketing. Our vision is built upon the idea that adult consumers, when
 presented with responsibly marketed and high-quality options, will, in large part, prefer products with a lower risk profile than others. This idea of moving adult consumers down the continuum of risk is a key driver of our future for sustainable
 growth. We intend to accomplish this by developing low-risk alternatives according to good product stewardship and manufacturing principles in order to increase adult consumer availability of and access to high-quality products that deliver
 satisfaction but at a lower risk to the user. We will continue to focus our research and development, scientific, policy, and product resources to increase the number of consumers choosing products that are lower risk.

In September 2020 and again in May 2022, we submitted to the FDA PMTA covering a large number of noncombustible products, including both vaping products and novel oral nicotine products. This is an important and
 necessary step to allow us to offer adult consumers an extensive portfolio of products that serve as alternatives to combustible cigarettes and satisfy a wide variety of consumer preferences. The filings provide detailed scientific data that we
 believe demonstrates that the products are appropriate for the protection of public health, as required by law. Studies to support the applications were performed and included pharmacokinetics studies, a likelihood of use study, and a patterns of
 use study, in addition to a toxicological review. We also provided a detailed marketing plan to illustrate how we will continue to prevent youth exposure to the products. See Risks Related to Legal, Tax and
 Regulatory Matters under Item 1A Risk Factors of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

Prevention of Youth Access

Our vision is a world where only adult consumers purchase and use products that are not intended for youth. As a seller of products intended for adult-use only, society demands a higher burden of responsibility from
 us, and we are committed to proactively preventing the underage appeal of and access to those products. We are dedicated to the responsible marketing of our adult use products and are fully committed to complying with all applicable laws and
 regulations governing them. We target marketing activities to both male and female current nicotine, cannabinoid, and other active consumers that are 21 years of age and older. The marketing of our adult use products does not include content
 directed toward minors, including child-oriented images or other themes where such imagery is reasonably understood to resonate with minors. We plan to continue to engage in appropriately targeted marketing activity, consistent with all legal
 requirements, industry standards, and best practices.

Preventing youth access and use of our adult-use products is a key to our continued success. All of our adult-use products are intended to be sold to and used by adults 21 years of age and older, and we are proactive
 in implementing programs to prevent youth access. For our own online retail (B2C) sales, we display our policies related to age to purchase, battery safety, and shipping restrictions. Additionally, we verify B2B customers using business licenses in
 order to further prevent bulk sales to consumers, which we believe contributes to social sourcing by youth.

14 

Table of Contents 

Environmental Stewardship

Being good stewards of the planet will support our business success. Our major areas of focus are lowering vehicle emissions produced by our fleet, incorporating energy savings initiative at our facilities, reducing
 water consumption in our operations, and increasing our recycling efforts. Within each of these categories we are concentrating on developing and measuring progress with an aim to define metrics against which we can track our efforts.

Social Impact

We focus our efforts on fostering a diverse and inclusive workforce while providing a safe work environment for our team. We value different perspectives and feel that an open and inclusive culture is not only the
 right thing to do, but fundamentally supports the business through diverse thought and opinions. Our DE I efforts are evidenced through programs like our Women s Day conversations or our veterans-focused employee resource group. Our goal is
 to provide an injury-free workplace where every employee has a safe work environment and feels empowered to speak up. We regularly monitor and provide training as part of our safety program and have active safety committees at each of our sites
 dedicated to implementing best practices.

Corporate Governance

Good corporate governance is critical to our operating principles of winning with accountability, integrity, and responsibility. Acting with accountability, integrity and responsibility is at the core of our business
 conduct policy. We train all employees on our business conduct policies. In addition, our governance program measures the diversity of our Board. We believe that Board diversity is critical to having a winning culture and strategy. We have
 established meaningful measures for our governance program and our targets and actions will allow us to achieve our goals in this area.

2022 Highlights

In 2022, we continued integration of our ESG principles into our business practices. Our ESG committees are comprised of diverse individuals from different departments and geographic locations. The committees report
 to the ESG Executive Committee, comprised of the President and CEO, CFO, and General Counsel, who in turn works with the Board s Nominating and ESG Committee. The following committees were formed and are actively working:

The Environmental Committee provides a platform to enhance and track the progress of our environmental practices within our business units. The committee is charged with recommending, implementing, and monitoring best practices in the
 areas of carbon emissions, waste, water, and biodiversity within our business units.

The Social Committee provides a platform to achieve the objective of being the employer of choice. The committee is charged with recommending and implementing best practices in the areas of health and safety, DE I, Talent Development
 and Retention, and Community Engagement.

The Governance Committee provides a platform to assure our governance practices are best in class. The committee is charged with recommending and implementing best practices in the areas of business ethics, political engagement, supply
 chain processes, and cybersecurity. The committee additionally is charged with recommending and implementing best practices in the areas of Public Health, Responsible Marketing, and Youth Access Prevention.

Further information related to our ESG program can be found on our website.

Internet Address and Company SEC Filings

Our primary Internet address is www.turningpointbrands.com. The SEC maintains a website at https://www.sec.gov that contains reports, proxy and information statements, and other
 information regarding issuers that file electronically with the SEC. On the investor relations portion of our website, www.turningpointbrands.com/investor-relations, we provide a link to our electronic filings
 with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC ), including our annual report on Form 10-K, our quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, our current reports on Form 8-K, and any amendments to these reports. We make all such filings available
 free of charge as soon as reasonably practicable after filing. The information found on our website is not part of this or any other report we file with or furnish to the SEC. 

15 

Table of Contents 

Item 1A. Risk Factors 

The risk factors summarized and detailed below could materially harm our business, operating results and/or financial condition, impair our future prospects and/or cause the price of our common stock to decline. These are
 not all of the risks we face and other factors not presently known to us or that we currently believe are immaterial may also affect our business if they occur. Material risks that may affect our business, operating results and financial condition
 include, but are not necessarily limited to, those relating to:

Risks Related to Our Business and Industry

declining sales of tobacco products, and expected continuing decline of sales in the tobacco industry overall;

our dependence on a small number of third-party suppliers and producers;

the possibility that we will be unable to identify or contract with new suppliers or producers in the event of a supply or product disruption, as well as other supply chain concerns, including delays in
 product shipments and increases in freight cost;

the possibility that our licenses to use certain brands or trademarks will be terminated, challenged or restricted;

failure to maintain consumer brand recognition and loyalty of our customers;

our reliance on relationships with several large retailers and national chains for distribution of our products;

intense competition and our ability to compete effectively;

competition from illicit sources and the damage caused by illicit products to our brand equity;

contamination of our tobacco supply or products;

uncertainty and continued evolution of the markets for our products;

complications with the design or implementation of our new enterprise resource planning system could adversely impact our business and operations;

Risks Related to Legal, Tax and Regulatory Matters

substantial and increasing U.S. regulation;

regulation or marketing denials of our products by the FDA, which has broad regulatory powers;

many of our products contain nicotine, which is considered to be a highly addictive substance;

requirement to maintain compliance with master settlement agreement escrow account;

possible significant increases in federal, state and local municipal tobacco- and vapor-related taxes;

our products are subject to developing and unpredictable regulation, such as court actions that impact obligations;

increase in state and local regulation of our products has been proposed or enacted;

increase in tax of our products could adversely affect our business;

sensitivity of end-customers to increased sales taxes and economic conditions including significant increases in the rate of inflation and other declines in purchasing power;

uncertainty surrounding FDA compliance policy;

possible increasing international control and regulation;

failure to comply with environmental, health and safety regulations;

imposition of significant tariffs on imports into the U.S.; 

the scientific community s lack of information regarding the long-term health effects of certain substances contained in some of our products;

significant product liability litigation;

Risks Related to Financial Results, Finances and Capital Structure

our amount of indebtedness;

the terms of our indebtedness, which may restrict our current and future operations;

our ability to comply with required disclosure requirements;

identification of material weaknesses in our internal control over financial reporting, which, if not remediated appropriately or timely, could result in loss of investor confidence and adversely impact our
 stock price;

Risks Related to our Common Stock

our certificate of incorporation and bylaws, as well as Delaware law and certain regulations, could discourage or prohibit acquisition bids or merger proposals, which may adversely affect the market price of
 our common stock;

our certificate of incorporation limits the ownership of our common stock by individuals and entities that are Restricted Investors. These restrictions may affect the liquidity of our common stock and may result in Restricted Investors
 (as defined in our Certificate of Incorporation) being required to sell or redeem their shares at a loss or relinquish their voting, dividend and distribution rights;

16 

Table of Contents 

future sales of our common stock in the public market could reduce our stock price, and any additional capital raised by us through the sale of equity or convertible securities may dilute your ownership in
 us;

we may issue preferred stock whose terms could adversely affect the voting power or value of our common stock;

General Risks

our business may be damaged by events outside of our or our suppliers control, such as the impact of epidemics (e.g., coronavirus), political upheavals, or natural disasters;

adverse impact of climate change;

our reliance on information technology;

cybersecurity and privacy breaches;

failure to manage our growth;

failure to successfully integrate our acquisitions or otherwise be unable to benefit from pursuing acquisitions;

fluctuations in our results;

exchange rate fluctuations;

adverse U.S. and global economic conditions;

departure of key management personnel or our inability to attract and retain talent;

infringement on or misappropriation of our intellectual property;

third-party claims that we infringe on their intellectual property; and

failure to meet expectations relating to environmental, social and governance factors

Risks Related to Our Business and Industry

Sales of tobacco products are generally expected to continue to decline.

As a result of restrictions on advertising and promotions, increases in regulation and excise taxes, health concerns, a decline in the social acceptability of tobacco and tobacco-related
 products, increased pressure from anti-tobacco groups, and other factors, the overall U.S. market for tobacco products has generally been declining in terms of volume of sales and is expected to continue to decline. The general climate of declining sales of tobacco products is principally driven by the long-standing declines in cigarettes. OTP, on the other hand, has been more resilient as measured by MSAi. Though OTP volumes
 declined in 2022 due to post-COVID consumption normalization and economic conditions, volumes were still above pre-COVID levels in 2019 including rolling papers and MYO cigar wraps. Our tobacco products comprised
 approximately 50 of our total 2022 net sales and, while some of our sales volume declines have been offset by higher prices or by increased sales in other product categories, there can be no assurance that these price increases or increased
 sales can be sustained, especially in an environment of increased regulation, product characteristic restrictions, and taxation and changes in consumer spending habits. 

We depend on a small number of key third-party suppliers and producers for our products.

Our operations are largely dependent on a small number of key suppliers and producers to supply or manufacture our products pursuant to long-term contracts. In 2022, our two most important suppliers
 and producers were: (i) Swedish Match (acquired in 2022 by Philip Morris International Inc.), which produces all of our loose-leaf chewing tobacco in the U.S.; and (ii) RTI, which provides us with exclusive access to the Zig-Zag cigarette paper and related accessories in the U.S. and Canada. See Item 1 Business Distribution and Supply
 Agreements 

All of our loose-leaf tobacco products are manufactured for us by Swedish Match pursuant to a ten-year renewable agreement, which we entered into in 2008. The agreement will automatically be renewed
 for five successive ten-year terms unless either party provides at least 180 days notice prior to a renewal term of its intent to terminate the agreement or unless otherwise terminated in accordance with the provisions of the agreement. If a
 notice of non-renewal is delivered, the contract will expire two years after the date on which the agreement would have otherwise been renewed. Under this agreement, we retain the rights to all marketing, distribution and trademarks over the
 loose-leaf brands that we own or license. The agreement renewed for an additional ten-year term in 2018. We share responsibilities with Swedish Match related to process control, manufacturing activities, quality control, and inventory management
 with respect to our loose-leaf products. We rely on the performance by Swedish Match of its obligations under the agreement for the production of our loose-leaf tobacco products. Any significant disruption in Swedish Match s manufacturing
 capabilities or our relationship with Swedish Match, a deterioration in Swedish Match s financial condition, or an industry-wide change in business practices with respect to loose-leaf tobacco products could have a material adverse effect on our
 business, results of operations, and financial condition.

17 

Table of Contents 

All of our Zig-Zag premium cigarette papers, cigarette tubes, and injectors
 are sourced from RTI, pursuant to the Distribution Agreements. In November 2020, Bollor sold its rights to its trademarks for the Zig-Zag brand name in the U.S. and Canada to RTI and, in connection with
 the sale, assigned the Distribution Agreements and the License Agreements to RTI. RTI is an affiliate of one of our competitors. The Distribution Agreements were most recently renewed in 2012 and pursuant to such agreements, we renegotiate pricing
 terms every five years. The Distribution Agreements were initially entered into with Bollor .

Pursuant to agreements with certain suppliers, we have agreed to store tobacco inventory purchased on our behalf and generally maintain a 12- to 24-month supply of our various tobacco products at
 their facilities. We cannot guarantee our supply of these products will be adequate to meet the demands of our customers. Further, a major fire, violent weather conditions, or other disasters that affect us or any of our key suppliers or producers,
 including RTI or Swedish Match, as well as those of our other suppliers and vendors, could have a material adverse effect on our operations. Although we have insurance coverage for some of these events, a prolonged interruption in our operations,
 as well as those of our producers, suppliers, or vendors, could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, and financial condition. In addition, we do not know whether we will be able to renew any or all of our
 agreements on a timely basis, on terms satisfactory to us, or at all.

Any disruptions in our relationships with RTI or Swedish Match or any other significant supplier, a failure to renew any of our agreements, an inability or unwillingness by any supplier to produce
 sufficient quantities of our products in a timely manner or finding a new supplier would have a significant impact on our ability to continue distributing the same volume and quality of products and maintain our market share, even during a
 temporary disruption, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition.

We may be unable to identify or contract with new suppliers or producers in the event of a disruption to our supply of products.

In order to continue selling our products in the event of a disruption to our supply, we would have to identify new suppliers or producers that would be required to satisfy significant regulatory
 requirements. Only a limited number of suppliers or producers (if any) may have the ability to produce our products at the volumes we need, and it could be costly or time-consuming to locate and approve such alternative sources. Moreover, it may be
 difficult or costly to find suppliers to produce small volumes of our new products in the event we are looking only to supplement current supply as suppliers may impose minimum order requirements. In addition, we may be unable to negotiate pricing
 or other terms with our existing or new suppliers as favorable as those we currently enjoy. Even if we were able to successfully identify new suppliers and contract with them on favorable terms, these new suppliers would also be subject to
 stringent regulatory approval procedures that could result in prolonged disruptions to our sourcing and distribution processes.

Furthermore, there is no guarantee that a new third-party supplier could accurately replicate the production process and taste profile of our existing products. We cannot guarantee that a failure to
 adequately replace our existing suppliers would not have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, and financial condition.

Our licenses to use certain brands and trademarks may be terminated or not renewed.

We are reliant upon brand recognition in the OTP markets in which we compete as the OTP industry is characterized by a high degree of brand loyalty and a reluctance to switch to new or unrecognizable
 brands on the part of consumers. Some of the brands and trademarks under which our products are sold are licensed to us for a fixed period of time in respect of specified markets, such as our Distribution and License Agreements for use of the Zig-Zag name and associated trademarks in connection with certain of our cigarette papers and related products.

We have a number of Licensing Agreements with RTI. The first of these governs licensing, sourcing and the use of the Zig-Zag name with respect to cigarette papers, cigarette tubes, and cigarette injector machines, the second of which governs licensing, sourcing and the use of the Zig-Zag name with respect to e-cigarettes, vaporizers, and e-liquids, and the third of which governs the licensing, sourcing and use of the Zig-Zag trademark on paper cones. In
 2022, we generated approximately 162.0 million in net sales of Zig-Zag products, of which approximately 79.0 million was
 generated from products sold through the License Agreements. In the event that one or more of these Licensing Agreements are not renewed, the terms of the agreements bind us under a five-year non-compete clause, under which we cannot engage in
 direct or indirect manufacturing, selling, distributing or otherwise promoting of cigarette papers of a competitor to Zig-Zag without RTI s consent, except in limited instances. We do not know whether we
 will renew these agreements on a timely basis, on terms satisfactory to us, or at all. As a result of these restrictions, if our licensing agreements with respect to the Zig-Zag trademark are terminated,
 we may not be able to access the markets with recognizable brands that would be positioned to compete in these segments.

In the event that the licenses to use the brands and trademarks in our portfolio are terminated or are not renewed after the end of the term, there is no guarantee we will be able to find a suitable
 replacement, or if a replacement is found, that it will be on favorable terms. Any loss in our brand-name appeal to our existing customers as a result of the lapse or termination of our licenses could have a material adverse effect on our business,
 results of operations, and financial condition.

18 

Table of Contents 

We may not be successful in maintaining the consumer brand recognition and loyalty of our products.

We compete in a market that relies on innovation and the ability to react to evolving consumer preferences. The alternative smoking accessories and tobacco industries in general, and the OTP industry,
 in particular, are subject to changing consumer trends, demands, and preferences. Therefore, products once favored may over time become disfavored by consumers or no longer perceived as the best option. Consumers in the OTP market have demonstrated
 a high degree of brand loyalty, but producers must continue to adapt their products in order to maintain their status among these customers as the market evolves. The Zig-Zag brand has strong brand recognition among smokers, and our continued success depends in part on our ability to continue to differentiate the brand names that we own or license and maintain
 similarly high levels of recognition with target consumers. Trends within the alternative smoking accessories and OTP industries change often. Our failure to anticipate, identify, or react to changes in these trends could, among other things, lead
 to reduced demand for our products. Factors that may affect consumer perception of our products include health trends and attention to health concerns associated with tobacco and other products we sell, price-sensitivity in the presence of
 competitors products or substitute products, and trends in favor of new NewGen products that are currently being researched and produced by participants in our industry. For example, we have witnessed a shift in consumer purchases from chewing
 tobacco to moist snuff due to its increased affordability. Along with our biggest competitors in the chewing tobacco market, which also produce moist snuff, we have been able to shift priorities and adapt to this change. A failure to react to
 similar trends in the future could enable our competitors to grow or establish their brands market shares in these categories before we have a chance to respond.

Consumer perceptions of tobacco-based products are likely to continue to shift, and our success depends, in part, on our ability to anticipate these shifting tastes and the rapidity with which the
 markets in which we compete will evolve in response to these changes on a timely and affordable basis. If we are unable to respond effectively and efficiently to changing consumer preferences, the demand for our products may decline, which could
 have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, and financial condition.

Regulations may be enacted in the future, particularly in light of increasing restrictions on the form and content of marketing of tobacco products, that would make it more difficult to appeal to our
 consumers or to leverage existing recognition of the brands that we own or license. Furthermore, even if we are able to continue to distinguish our products, there can be no assurance that the sales, marketing, and distribution efforts of our
 competitors will not be successful in persuading consumers of our products to switch to their products. Many of our competitors have greater access to resources than we do, which better positions them to conduct market research in relation to
 branding strategies or costly marketing campaigns. Any loss of consumer brand loyalty to our products or reduction of our ability to effectively brand our products in a recognizable way will have a material effect on our ability to continue to sell
 our products and maintain our market share, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, and financial condition.

Our distribution efforts rely in part on our ability to leverage relationships with large retailers and national chains.

Our distribution efforts rely in part on our ability to leverage relationships with large retailers and national chains to sell and promote our products, which is dependent upon the strength of the
 brand names that we own or license and our salesforce effectiveness. In order to maintain these relationships, we must continue to supply products that will bring steady business to these retailers and national chains. We may not be able to sustain
 these relationships or establish other relationships with such entities, which could have a material adverse effect on our ability to execute our branding strategies, our ability to access the end-user markets with our products or our ability to
 maintain our relationships with the producers of our products. For example, if we are unable to meet benchmarking provisions in contracts or if we are unable to maintain and leverage our retail relationships on a scale sufficient to make us an
 attractive distributor, it would have a material adverse effect on our ability to source products, and on our business, results of operations and financial condition.

In addition, there are factors beyond our control that may prevent us from leveraging existing relationships, such as industry consolidation. If we are unable to develop and sustain relationships with
 large retailers and national chains, or we are unable to leverage those relationships due to factors such as a decline in the role of brick-and-mortar retailers in North America, our capacity to maintain and grow brand and product recognition and
 increase sales volume will be significantly undermined. In such an event, we may ultimately be forced to pursue and rely on local and more fragmented sales channels, which will have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations
 and financial condition.

We face intense competition and may fail to compete effectively.

We are subject to significant competition across our segments and compete against companies in all segments that have access to significant resources in terms of technology, relationships with
 suppliers and distributors and access to cash flow and financial markets.

The OTP industry is characterized by brand recognition and loyalty, with product quality, price, marketing and packaging constituting the primary methods of competition. Substantial marketing support,
 merchandising display, competitive pricing and other financial incentives generally are required to introduce a new brand or to improve or maintain a brand s market position. Our principal competitors are big tobacco, Altria Group, Inc. (formerly
 Phillip Morris) and British American Tobacco p.l.c. (formerly Reynolds) as well as Swedish Match (purchased by Philip Morris International Inc.), Swisher International and manufacturers of electronic cigarettes, including U.K.-based Imperial Brands
 PLC. These competitors are significantly larger than us and aggressively seek to limit the distribution or sale of other companies products, both at the wholesale and retail levels. For example, certain competitors have entered into agreements
 limiting retail-merchandising displays of other companies products or imposing minimum prices for OTP products, thereby limiting their competitors ability to offer discounted products. In addition, the tobacco industry is experiencing a trend
 toward industry consolidation, most recently evidenced by the November 2022 acquisition of Swedish Match AB by Philip Morris International Inc., the December 2018 investment in Juul Labs by Altria, the July 2017 acquisition of Reynolds American,
 Inc., by British American Tobacco p.l.c., and the June 2015 acquisition of Lorillard, Inc., by Reynolds American, Inc. Additional industry consolidation could result in a more competitive environment if our competitors are able to increase their
 combined resources, enhance their access to national distribution networks, or become acquired by established companies with greater resources than ours. Any inability to compete due to our smaller scale as the industry continues to consolidate and
 be dominated by big tobacco could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition.

19 

Table of Contents 

Big tobacco has also established its presence in the NewGen products market and has begun to make investments in the alternative space. There can be no assurance that our products will be able to
 compete successfully against these companies or any of our other competitors, some of which have far greater resources, capital, experience, market penetration, sales and distribution channels than us. In addition, there are currently relatively
 few U.S. restrictions on advertising electronic cigarettes and vaporizer products and competitors, including big tobacco, may have more resources than us for advertising expenses, which could have a material adverse effect on our ability to build
 and maintain market share, and thus have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition.

The competitive environment and our competitive position are also significantly influenced by economic conditions, the state of consumer confidence, competitors introduction of low-priced products or
 innovative products, higher taxes, higher absolute prices and larger gaps between price categories and product regulation that diminishes the consumer s ability to differentiate tobacco products. Due to the impact of these factors, as well as
 higher state and local excise taxes and the market share of deep discount brands, the tobacco industry has become increasingly price competitive. As we seek to adapt to the price competitive environment, our competitors that are better capitalized
 may be able to sustain price discounts for long periods of time by spreading the loss across their expansive portfolios, with which we are not positioned to compete.

Competition from illicit sources may have an adverse effect on our overall sales volume, restricting the ability to increase selling prices and damaging brand equity.

Illicit trade and tobacco trafficking in the form of counterfeit products, smuggled genuine products and locally manufactured products on which applicable taxes or regulatory requirements are evaded,
 represent a significant and growing threat to the legitimate tobacco industry. Factors such as increasing tax regimes, regulatory restrictions, and compliance requirements have resulted in more consumers switching to illegal, cheaper tobacco
 products and providing greater rewards for smugglers. We expect that this trend will continue and even accelerate if additional regulatory requirements make it more difficult or expensive to obtain genuine products. Illicit trade can have an
 adverse effect on our overall sales volume, restrict the ability to increase selling prices, damage brand equity and may lead to commoditization of our products.

Although we combat counterfeiting of our products by engaging in certain tactics, such as requiring all sales force personnel to randomly collect our products from retailers in order to be reviewed
 for authenticity and using a private investigation firm to help perform surveillance of retailers we suspect are selling counterfeit products, no assurance can be given that we will be able to detect or stop sales of all counterfeit products. In
 addition, we have in the past and will continue to bring suits against retailers and distributors that sell certain counterfeit products. While we have been successful in securing financial recoveries from and helping to obtain criminal convictions
 of counterfeiters in the past, no assurance can be given that we will be successful in any such suits or that such suits will be successful in stopping other retailers or distributors from selling counterfeit products. Even if we are successful,
 such suits could consume a significant amount of management s time and could also result in significant expenses to the company. Any failure to track and prevent counterfeiting of our products could have a material adverse on our ability to
 maintain or effectively compete for the products we distribute under our brand names, which would have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition.

Contamination of, or damage to, our products could adversely impact sales volume, market share and profitability.

Our market position may be affected through the contamination of our tobacco supply or products during the manufacturing process or at different points in the entire supply chain. We keep significant
 amounts of inventory of our products in warehouses and it is possible that this inventory could become contaminated during the storage period. In addition, our suppliers generally keep significant amounts of our inventory on hand and it is probable
 that such inventory could become contaminated even prior to arrival at our premises. If contamination of our inventory or packaged products occurs, whether as a result of a failure in quality control by us or by one of our suppliers, we may incur
 significant costs in replacing the inventory and recalling products. We may be unable to meet customer demand and may lose customers who purchase alternative brands or products. In addition, consumers may lose confidence in the affected product.

20 

Table of Contents 

Under the terms of our contracts, we impose requirements on our major suppliers to maintain quality and comply with product specifications and requirements, and on our third-party co-manufacturer to
 comply with all federal, state and local laws. These third-party suppliers, however, may not continue to produce products that are consistent with our standards or that are in compliance with applicable laws, and we cannot guarantee that we will be
 able to identify instances in which our third-party suppliers fail to comply with our standards or applicable laws.

A loss of sales volume from a contamination event may also affect our ability to supply our current customers and, in turn, recapture their business in the event they are forced to switch products or
 brands, even if on a temporary basis. We may also be subject to legal action as a result of a contamination, which could result in negative publicity and affect our sales. During this time, our competitors may benefit from an increased market share
 that could be difficult and costly to regain. Such a contamination event could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition.

The market for certain of our products is subject to a great deal of uncertainty and is still evolving.

Vapor products and other novel nicotine products, having been introduced to the market over the past fifteen years, are at a relatively early stage of development, and represent core components of a
 market that is evolving rapidly, highly regulated and characterized by a number of market participants. Rapid growth in the use of, and interest in, these products is recent, and may not continue on a lasting basis. The demand and market acceptance
 for these products is subject to a high level of uncertainty. Therefore, we are subject to all of the business risks associated with a new enterprise in an evolving market. Continued evolution, uncertainty and the resulting increased risk of
 failure of our new and existing product offerings in this market could have a material adverse effect on our ability to build and maintain market share and on our business, results of operations and financial condition. Further, there can be no
 assurance that we will be able to continue to effectively compete in the vapor and novel nicotine products marketplace.

Complications with the design or implementation of our new enterprise resource planning system could adversely impact our business and operations.

We rely extensively on information systems and technology to manage our business and summarize operating results. We are currently engaged in the implementation of a new enterprise
 resource planning ERP system. This ERP system will replace our existing operating and financial systems. The ERP system is designed to accurately maintain the Company s financial records, enhance operational functionality and provide timely
 information to the Company s management team related to the operation of the business. The ERP system implementation process requires the investment of significant personnel and financial resources. We may
 not be able to successfully implement the ERP without experiencing delays, increased costs and other difficulties. If we are unable to successfully design and implement the new ERP system as planned, or successfully update or integrate our
 systems when necessary, our financial positions, results of operations and cash flows could be negatively impacted. 

Risks Related to Legal, Tax and Regulatory Matters

We are subject to substantial and increasing regulation.

The tobacco industry has been under public scrutiny for over 50 years. Industry critics include special interest groups, the U.S. Surgeon General, and many legislators and regulators at the local,
 state and federal levels. A wide variety of federal, state, and local laws limit the advertising, sale, and use of tobacco, and these laws have proliferated in recent years. For instance, on May 4, 2022, the FDA proposed two tobacco products
 standards related to combusted tobacco products: (1) a ban on menthol as a characterizing flavor of cigarettes; and (2) a ban on all characterizing flavors (including menthol) in cigars. Together with changing public attitudes towards tobacco
 consumption, the constant expansion of regulations has been a major cause of the overall decline in the consumption of tobacco products since the early 1970s. These regulations relate to, among other things, the importation of tobacco products and
 shipping throughout the U.S. market, increases in the minimum age to purchase tobacco products, imposition of taxes, sampling and advertising bans or restrictions, flavor bans or restrictions, ingredient and constituent disclosure requirements, and
 media campaigns and restrictions on where consumers may use tobacco products. Additional restrictions may be adopted or agreed to in the future. These limitations may make it difficult for us to maintain the value of any brand.

The trend toward increasing regulation of the tobacco industry experienced over the last few decades is likely to differ between the various U.S. states and Canadian provinces in which we currently
 conduct the majority of our business. Extensive and inconsistent regulation by multiple states and at different governmental levels could prove to be particularly disruptive to our business as we may be unable to accommodate such regulations in a
 cost-effective manner that allows us to continue to compete in an economically viable way. Regulations are often introduced without the tobacco industry s input and have significantly contributed to reduced industry sales volumes and increased
 illicit trade.

21 

Table of Contents 

In 1986, federal legislation was enacted regulating smokeless tobacco products (including dry and moist snuff and chewing tobacco) by, among other things, requiring health warnings on smokeless
 tobacco packages and prohibiting the advertising of smokeless tobacco products on media subject to the jurisdiction of the Federal Communications Commission FCC ). Since 1986, other proposals have been made at the federal, state, and local levels
 for additional regulation of tobacco products. It is likely that additional proposals will be made in the coming years. For example, the PACT Act initially prohibited the use of the U.S. Postal Service to mail cigarette and smokeless tobacco
 products and also amended the Jenkins Act, which established cigarette sales reporting requirements for state excise tax collection, to require individuals and businesses that make interstate sales of certain cigarette or smokeless tobacco comply
 with state tax laws. The PACT Act was recently extended to also cover e-cigarette and related products. The extension of the PACT Act has resulted in increased costs and disruption to our NewGen business, and those costs may continue to rise if we
 are unable to adjust our operations to respond relative to our competitors. See Many of our products have not obtained premarket authorization from the FDA and are currently marketed pursuant to a policy of FDA enforcement priorities, which could
 change. There could be a material adverse impact on our business development efforts if the FDA determines that our products are not subject to this compliance policy, or if our products become subject to increased regulatory enforcement burdens
 imposed by the FDA and other regulatory or legislative bodies. for further details. Additional federal or state regulation relating to the manufacture, sale, distribution, advertising, labeling, mandatory ingredients disclosure and nicotine yield
 information disclosure of tobacco products could reduce sales, increase costs, and have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, and financial condition.

On June 22, 2009, the Family Smoking Prevention and Tobacco Control Act (the Tobacco Control Act granted the FDA regulatory authority over tobacco products. The Act also amended the Federal
 Cigarette Labeling and Advertising Act, which governs how cigarettes can be advertised and marketed, as well as the Comprehensive Smokeless Tobacco Health Education Act, which governs how smokeless tobacco can be advertised and marketed. In
 addition to the FDA and FCC, we are subject to regulation by numerous other federal agencies, including the Federal Trade Commission, the Department of Justice, the Alcohol and Tobacco Tax and Trade Bureau , the U.S. Environmental Protection
 Agency, the U.S. Department of Agriculture USDA ), the Consumer Product Safety Commission , the U.S. Customs and Border Protection and the U.S. Center for Disease Control and Prevention s Office on Smoking and Health. There have also been
 adverse legislative and political decisions and other unfavorable developments concerning cigarette smoking and the tobacco industry, which we believe have received widespread public attention. The FDA has, and other governmental entities have,
 expressed concerns about the use of flavors in tobacco products and an interest in significant regulation of such use, up to and including bans in certain products. There can be no assurance as to the ultimate content, timing or effect of any
 regulation of tobacco products by governmental bodies, nor can there be any assurance that potential corresponding declines in demand resulting from negative media attention would not have a material adverse effect on our business, results of
 operations and financial condition. Any such regulation has the potential to increase costs and have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, ability to compete, and financial condition.

Our products are regulated by the FDA, which has broad regulatory powers.

The vast majority of our 2022 U.S. net sales are derived from the sale of products that are currently regulated by the FDA. The Tobacco Control Act grants the FDA broad regulatory authority over the
 design, manufacture, sale, marketing and packaging of tobacco products. Among the regulatory powers conferred to the FDA under the Tobacco Control Act is the authority to impose tobacco product standards that are appropriate for the protection of
 the public health, require manufacturers to obtain FDA review and authorization for the marketing of certain new or modified tobacco products and impose various additional restrictions. Such restrictions may include requiring reduction or
 elimination of the use of particular constituents or components, requiring product testing, or addressing other aspects of tobacco product construction, constituents, properties or labeling.

Specifically, the Tobacco Control Act (i) increases the number of health warnings required on cigarette and smokeless tobacco products, increases the size of warnings on packaging and in advertising,
 requires the FDA to develop graphic warnings for cigarette packages, and grants the FDA authority to require new warnings, (ii) imposes restrictions on the sale and distribution of tobacco products, including significant restrictions on tobacco
 product advertising and promotion as well as the use of brand and trade names, (iii) bans the use of light, mild, low or similar descriptors on tobacco products, (iv) bans the use of characterizing flavors in cigarettes other than tobacco
 or menthol, (v) requires manufacturers to report ingredients and harmful constituents and requires the FDA to disclose certain constituent information to the public, (vi) authorizes the FDA to require the reduction of nicotine and the potential
 reduction or elimination of other constituents or additives, including menthol, (vii) establishes resource-intensive pre-market and substantial equivalence review pathways for tobacco products that are considered new, (viii) gives the FDA broad
 authority to deny product applications thereby preventing the sale or distribution of the product subject to the application (and requiring such product to be removed from the market, if applicable), and (ix) requires tobacco product manufacturers
 (and certain other entities) to register with the FDA.

The FDA charges user fees based on the USDA unit calculations pro-rated to the annualized FDA congressionally allocated budget. These fees only apply to certain products currently regulated by the
 FDA, which include our core products (other than cigarette paper products), but we may in the future be required to pay such fees on more of our products, and we cannot accurately predict which additional products may be subject to such fees or the
 magnitude of such fees, which could become significant.

22 

Table of Contents 

Although the Tobacco Control Act prohibits the FDA from issuing regulations banning all cigarettes, all smokeless tobacco products, all little cigars, all cigars other than little cigars, all pipe
 tobacco, or all roll-your-own tobacco, or requiring the reduction of nicotine yields of a tobacco product to zero, it is likely that regulations with the FDA promulgated pursuant to the Tobacco Control Act could nonetheless result in a decrease in
 sales of these products in the U.S. We believe that such regulation could adversely affect our ability to compete against our larger competitors, who may be able to more quickly and cost-effectively comply with these new rules and regulations. Our
 ability to gain efficient and timely market clearance for new tobacco products, or even to keep existing products on the market, could also be affected by FDA rules, regulations and enforcement policies. Some of our currently marketed products that
 are subject to FDA regulation will require marketing authorizations from the FDA for us to continue marketing them (e.g., pre-market or substantial equivalence marketing authorizations, as applicable to the product), which we cannot guarantee we
 will be able to obtain. In addition, failure to comply with new or existing tobacco laws under which the FDA imposes regulatory requirements could result in significant financial penalties and government investigations of us. To the extent we are
 unable to respond to, or comply with, new FDA regulations it could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition.

Many of our products contain nicotine, which is considered to be a highly addictive substance.

Many of our products contain nicotine, a chemical that is considered to be highly addictive. The Tobacco Control Act empowers the FDA to regulate the amount of nicotine found in tobacco products, but
 not to require the reduction of nicotine yields of a tobacco product to zero. Any FDA regulation, whether of nicotine levels or other product attributes, may require us to reformulate, recall and/or discontinue certain of the products we may sell
 from time to time, which may have a material adverse effect on our ability to market our products and have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition.

We are required to maintain cash amounts within an escrow account in order to be compliant with a settlement agreement between us and certain U.S. states and territories.

In November 1998, the major U.S. cigarette manufacturers entered into the Master Settlement Agreement MSA and the Smokeless Tobacco Master Settlement Agreement STMSA with 46 U.S. states and
 certain U.S. territories and possessions. Pursuant to the MSA and subsequent states statutes, a cigarette manufacturer (which is defined to also include a manufacturer of roll your won RYO )/MYO cigarette tobacco) has the option of either
 becoming a signatory to the MSA, or, as we have elected, operating as a non-participating manufacturer NPM by funding and maintaining an escrow account, with sub-accounts on behalf of each settling state. These NPM escrow accounts are governed
 by states escrow and complementary statutes that are generally monitored by the Office of the State Attorney General. The statutes require NPM companies to deposit, on an annual basis, into qualified banks escrow funds based on the number of
 cigarettes or cigarette equivalents, which is measured by pounds of RYO/MYO tobacco sold. NPM companies are, within specified limits, entitled to direct the investment of the escrowed funds and withdraw any interest or appreciation, but cannot
 withdraw the principal for twenty-five years from the year of each annual deposit, except to withdraw funds deposited pursuant to an individual state s escrow statute to pay a final judgment to that state s plaintiffs in the event of such a final
 judgment. The investment vehicles available to us are specified in the state escrow agreements and are limited to low-risk government securities.

Various states have enacted or proposed complementary legislation intended to curb the activity of certain manufacturers and importers of cigarettes or MYO tobacco that are selling into MSA states
 without signing the MSA or who have failed to properly establish and fund a qualifying escrow account. We believe we have been fully compliant with all applicable laws, regulations, and statutes, although compliance-related issues may, from time to
 time, be disruptive to our business, any of which could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, and financial condition.

Although no such legislation has been proposed or enacted, future changes to the MSA, such as legislation that extends the MSA to products to which it does not currently apply or legislation that
 limits the ability of companies to receive unused escrow funds after 25 years, may have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. Despite the amounts maintained and funded to the escrow account,
 compliance with the funding requirements for the escrow account does not necessarily prevent future federal and/or state regulations with respect to the OTP industry from having a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and
 financial condition.

Increases in tobacco-related taxes have been proposed or enacted and are likely to continue to be proposed or enacted in numerous jurisdictions.

Tobacco products, premium cigarette papers and tubes have long been subject to substantial federal, state and local excise taxes. Such taxes have frequently been increased or proposed to be increased,
 in some cases significantly, to fund various legislative initiatives or further disincentivize tobacco usage. Since 1986, smokeless products have been subject to federal excise tax. Federally, smokeless products are taxed by weight (in pounds or
 fractional parts thereof) manufactured or imported.

Since the State Children s Health Insurance Program S-CHIP reauthorization in early 2009, which utilizes, among other things, taxes on tobacco products to fund health insurance coverage for
 children, the federal excise tax increases adopted have been substantial and have materially reduced sales in the RYO/MYO cigarette smoking products market, and also caused volume declines in other markets. Although the RYO/MYO cigarette smoking
 tobacco and related products market had been one of the fastest growing markets in the tobacco industry in the five years prior to 2009, the reauthorization of S-CHIP increased the federal excise tax on RYO tobacco from 1.10 to 24.78 per pound,
 and materially reduced the MYO cigarette smoking tobacco market in the U.S. There have not been any increases enacted since 2009, but we cannot guarantee that we will not be subject to further increases, nor whether any such increases will affect
 prices in a way that further deters consumers from purchasing our products and/or affects our net revenues in a way that renders us unable to compete effectively.

23 

Table of Contents 

In addition to federal excise taxes, every state and certain city and county governments have imposed substantial excise taxes on sales of tobacco products, and many have raised or
 proposed to raise excise taxes in recent years. Approximately one-half of the states tax MST on a weight-based versus ad valorem system of taxation. Additional states may
 consider adopting such revised tax structures as well. Tax increases, depending on their parameters, may result in consumers switching between tobacco products or depress overall tobacco consumption, which is likely to result in declines in
 overall sales volumes. 

Any future enactment of increases in federal or state excise taxes on our tobacco products or rulings that certain of our products should be categorized differently for excise tax purposes could
 adversely affect demand for our products and may result in consumers switching between tobacco products or a depression in overall tobacco consumption, which would have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial
 condition.

Many of our products have not obtained premarket authorization from the FDA and are currently marketed pursuant to a policy of FDA enforcement priorities, which could change. There could be a
 material adverse impact on our business development efforts if the FDA determines that our products are not subject to this compliance policy, or if our products become subject to increased regulatory enforcement burdens imposed by the FDA and
 other regulatory or legislative bodies.

Since their introduction, there has been significant uncertainty regarding whether, how and when tobacco regulations would apply to NewGen products, such as electronic cigarettes or novel nicotine
 products. Based on a decision in December 2010 by the U.S. Court of Appeals for the D.C. Circuit (the Sottera decision ), the FDA is permitted to regulate electronic cigarettes containing tobacco-derived nicotine as tobacco products under the
 Tobacco Control Act.

Effective August 8, 2016, FDA s regulatory authority under the Tobacco Control Act was extended to all remaining tobacco-derived products, including: (i) certain NewGen products (such as
 electronic cigarettes, vaporizers and e-liquids) and their components or parts (such as tanks, coils and batteries); (ii) cigars and their components or parts (such as cigar tobacco); (iii) pipe tobacco; (iv) hookah products; or (v) any other
 tobacco product newly deemed by the FDA. These deeming regulations apply to all products made or derived from tobacco intended for human consumption, but excluding accessories of tobacco products (such as lighters). Subsequently, on
 April 14, 2022, the FDA Center for Tobacco Products also obtained jurisdiction over non-tobacco nicotine products NTN Products ), including synthetic nicotine. That law subjects NTN Products to the same requirements as tobacco-derived products.

The deeming regulations require us to (i) register with the FDA and report product and ingredient listings; (ii) market newly deemed products only after FDA review and approval; (iii) only make direct
 and implied claims of reduced risk if the FDA approves after finding that scientific evidence supports the claim and that marketing the product will benefit public health as a whole; (iv) refrain from distributing free samples; (v) implement
 minimum age and identification restrictions to prevent sales to individuals under age 18; (vi) develop an approved warning plan and include prescribed health warnings on packaging and advertisements; and (vii) refrain from selling the products in
 vending machines, unless the machine is located in a facility that never admits youth. Newly deemed tobacco products are also subject to the other requirements of the Tobacco Control Act, such as that they not be adulterated or misbranded. The FDA
 could in the future promulgate good manufacturing practice regulations for these and our other products, and indeed has indicated it intends to do so, which could have a material adverse impact on our ability and the cost to manufacture our
 products.

Marketing authorizations will be necessary in order for us to continue our distribution of certain of our NewGen, cigar, and other novel nicotine products. The FDA has announced various
 compliance policies whereby it does not intend to prioritize enforcement for lack of premarket authorization against newly-deemed products, provided that such tobacco products were marketed as of August 8, 2016; are not marketed in certain
 manners likely to be attractive to youth; and for which premarket applications were timely submitted. As a result of recent litigation and subsequent FDA Guidance, marketing applications for newly-deemed products were required to have been
 submitted no later than September 9, 2020, with the exception of our grandfathered products (products in commerce as of February 15, 2007) which are already authorized. Under the FDA s compliance policy, such products could remain on the market
 until September 9, 2021, unless the FDA makes an adverse determination prior to that date. Subsequent to September 9, 2021, the FDA indicated its enforcement priority is those applicants who have received negative action on their application,
 such as a Marketing Denial Order MDO or Refuse to File notification and who continue to illegally sell those unauthorized products, as well as products for which manufacturers failed to submit a marketing application. Further, NTN
 product manufacturers were required to file a PMTA by May 14, 2022, in order to continue selling products currently on the market. NTN Products subject of a timely-filed PMTA, and not in receipt of a negative action, were allowed to remain on the
 market until July 13, 2022, at which time these products became subject to enforcement, similar to tobacco-derived products remaining under review.

In September 2020, we submitted applications on a timely basis for the appropriate authorizations for our products that are deemed products under the 2016 deeming regulations, not
 otherwise grandfathered. We believe that these products satisfy the criteria for current marketing pursuant to the FDA s compliance policy. For our NTN products, we filed several PMTAs by May 14, 2022 There

can be no guarantee that the FDA will authorize these products, and the FDA may bring an enforcement action against our products for lack of premarket authorization and/or deny our premarket applications in the meantime. If the FDA were to issue
 additional MDOs that remained in effect it could have an adverse impact on our business. 

24 

Table of Contents 

We also have certain previously regulated tobacco products which the FDA removed from review but remain subject to provisional substantial equivalence submissions made on March 22, 2011; however,
 the FDA has the discretion to reinitiate review of these products. If the FDA establishes regulatory processes that we are unable or unwilling to comply with, our business, results of operations, financial condition and prospects could be adversely
 affected.

The anticipated costs of complying with future FDA regulations will be dependent on the rules issued and implemented by the FDA, the timing and clarity of any new rules or guidance documents
 accompanying these rules, the reliability and simplicity (or complexity) of the electronic systems utilized by the FDA for information and reports to be submitted, and the details required by FDA for such information and reports with respect to
 each regulated product. Failure to comply with existing or new FDA regulatory requirements could result in significant financial penalties and could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition and
 ability to market and sell our products. Compliance and related costs could be substantial and could significantly increase the costs of operating in our product categories.

In addition, failure to comply with the Tobacco Control Act and with FDA regulatory requirements could result in litigation, criminal convictions or significant financial penalties and could impair
 our ability to market and sell certain of our products. At present, we are not able to predict whether the Tobacco Control Act will impact our products to a greater degree than competitors in the industry, thus affecting our competitive position.

Furthermore, in addition to the FDA, there are restrictions being proposed or in effect at the federal, state, and local level related to our products. For example, the PACT Act has now been amended
 to apply to certain NewGen products, which has impacts at the federal and state levels. These requirements are in addition to any increased regulation of internet sales that may be in effect or passed legislatively at the federal, state, or local
 levels, or promulgated via rulemaking by a government agency. Additionally, state attorneys general have monitored, and in some cases, have issued investigative requests and/or initiated litigation with regard to companies that sell these products
 related to online sales, marketing practices, and/or other aspects of the NewGen business. Increased regulation of additives in tobacco products through federal, state, or local governments may also adversely affect our products. The application of
 these types of restrictions, and of any new laws or regulations which may be adopted in the future, to these products could result in additional expenses and require us to change our advertising and labeling, and methods of marketing and
 distribution of our products, any of which could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition.

Some products we sell are subject to developing and unpredictable regulation.

Some of the products sold through our NewGen distribution vehicles may be subject to uncertain and evolving federal, state and local regulations concerning hemp, CBD and other
 non-tobacco consumable products. Regulatory and related enforcement initiatives by authorities related to such products are unpredictable and impossible to anticipate. We anticipate that all levels of
 government, that have not already done so, are likely to seek in some way to regulate these products, but the type, timing, and impact of such regulations remains uncertain. These regulations include or could include restrictions prohibiting
 certain form factors, such as smokable hemp products, or age restrictions. Accordingly, we cannot give any assurance that such actions would not have a material adverse effect on this emerging business and our NewGen strategy. 

Significant increases in state and local regulation of our NewGen products have been proposed or enacted and are likely to continue to be proposed or enacted in numerous
 jurisdictions.

There has been increasing activity on the state and local levels with respect to scrutiny of NewGen products. State and local governmental bodies across the U.S. have indicated NewGen products may
 become subject to new laws and regulations at the state and local levels. Further, some states and cities, have enacted regulations that require obtaining a tobacco retail license in order to sell electronic cigarettes and vaporizer products. If
 one or more states from which we generate or anticipate generating significant sales of NewGen products bring actions to prevent us from selling our NewGen products unless we obtain certain licenses, approvals or permits, and if we are not able to
 obtain the necessary licenses, approvals or permits for financial reasons or otherwise and/or any such license, approval or permit is determined to be overly burdensome to us, then we may be required to cease sales and distribution of our products
 to those states, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition.

Certain states and cities have already restricted the use of electronic cigarettes and vaporizer products in smoke-free venues, imposed excise taxes, or limited sales of flavored NewGen products.
 Additional city, state or federal regulators, municipalities, local governments and private industry may enact additional rules and regulations restricting electronic cigarettes and vaporizer products. Because of these restrictions, our customers
 may reduce or otherwise cease using our NewGen products, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition.

Canada and some Canadian provinces have restricted or are contemplating restrictions on the sales and marketing of electronic cigarettes. Furthermore, some Canadian provinces have limited the use of
 electronic cigarettes and vaporizer products in public places. These measures, and any future measures taken to limit the marketing, sale and use of NewGen products may have a material adverse effect on our sales into Canada.

25 

Table of Contents 

If our NewGen products become subject to increased taxes it could adversely affect our business.

Presently the federal government and many states do not tax the sale of NewGen products like they do the sale of conventional cigarettes or other tobacco products, all of which generally have high tax
 rates and have faced significant increases in the amount of taxes collected on their sales. In recent years, however, state and local governments have taken actions to move towards imposing excise taxes on NewGen products. As of December 31, 2022,
 over half of the states, as well as, certain localities impose excise taxes on electronic cigarettes and/or liquid vapor. These tax structures may benefit one type of NewGen product over another, which may result in consumers switching between
 NewGen products, other traditional tobacco products, or depress overall consumption in general. Should federal, state and local governments and or other taxing authorities begin or continue to impose excise taxes similar to those levied against
 conventional cigarettes and tobacco products on NewGen products, it may have a material adverse effect on the demand for these products, as consumers may be unwilling to pay the increased costs, which in turn could have a material adverse effect on
 our business, results of operations and financial condition.

Our distribution to our wholesalers and retailers is dependent on the demands of their customers who are sensitive to increased sales taxes and economic conditions affecting their
 disposable income.

Consumer purchases of tobacco products are historically affected by economic conditions, such as changes in employment, salary and wage levels, the availability of consumer credit, inflation, interest
 rates, fuel prices, sales taxes, and the level of consumer confidence in prevailing and future economic conditions. Discretionary consumer purchases, such as of OTP, may decline during recessionary periods or at other times when disposable income
 is lower, and taxes may be higher. As we are currently in an inflationary period, and the Federal Reserve has continuously increased interest rates for the past year, consumer discretionary purchases may decline which could have a material adverse
 impact on our business results of operations and financial conditions.

In addition, some states have begun collecting taxes on internet sales. These taxes apply to our online sales of NewGen products into those states and may result in reduced demand from the independent
 wholesalers who may not be able to absorb the increased taxes or successfully pass them onto the end-user without experiencing reduced demand. Further, as a result of recent court decisions related to the taxability of internet purchases, states
 are now able to impose sales tax on internet purchases made from out-of-state sellers, even if the seller does not have a physical presence in the taxing state. Consequently, additional states are likely to seek or have begun to impose sales tax on
 our online sales. The requirement to collect, track and remit taxes may require us to increase our prices, which may affect demand for our products or conversely reduce our net profit margin, which could have a material adverse effect on our
 business, results of operations and financial condition.

We may be subject to increasing international control and regulation.

The World Health Organization s Framework Convention on Tobacco Control FCTC is the first international public health treaty that establishes a global agenda to reduce initiation of tobacco use
 and regulate tobacco in an effort to encourage tobacco cessation. Over 180 governments worldwide have ratified the FCTC. The FCTC has led to increased efforts to reduce the supply and demand of tobacco products and to encourage governments to
 further regulate the tobacco industry. These efforts have, over time, expanded to focus broadly on consumer products containing nicotine, such as vapor products. The tobacco industry expects significant regulatory developments to take place over
 the next few years, driven principally by the FCTC. Regulatory initiatives that have been proposed, introduced or enacted include:

the levying of substantial and increasing tax and duty charges;

restrictions or bans on advertising, marketing and sponsorship;

the display of larger health warnings, graphic health warnings and other labeling requirements;

restrictions on packaging design, including the use of colors and generic packaging;

restrictions or bans on the display of tobacco product packaging at the point of sale, and restrictions or bans on cigarette vending machines;

requirements regarding testing, disclosure and performance standards for tar, nicotine, carbon monoxide and other smoke constituents levels;

requirements regarding testing, disclosure and use of tobacco product ingredients;

increased restrictions on smoking in public and work places and, in some instances, in private places and outdoors;

elimination of duty-free allowances for travelers; and

encouraging litigation against tobacco companies.

If the U.S. becomes a signatory to the FCTC and/or national laws are enacted in the U.S. that reflect the major elements of the FCTC, our business, results of operations and financial condition could
 be materially and adversely affected.

26 

Table of Contents 

As part of our strategy, we have begun to expand our business into key international locations, such as introducing our moist snuff tobacco products in South America. International expansion may
 subject us to additional international regulation, either by the countries that are the object of the strategic expansion or through international regulatory regimes, such as the FCTC, to which those countries may be signatories.

To the extent our existing or future products become subject to international regulatory regimes that we are unable to comply with or fail to comply with, they may have a material adverse effect on
 our business, results of operations and financial condition.

Our failure to comply with certain environmental, health and safety regulations could adversely affect our business.

The storage, distribution and transportation of some of the products that we sell are subject to a variety of federal and state environmental regulations. In addition, our manufacturing facilities are
 similarly subject to federal, state and local environmental laws. We are also subject to operational, health and safety laws and regulations. Our failure to comply with these laws and regulations could cause a disruption in our business, an
 inability to maintain our manufacturing resources, and additional and potentially significant remedial costs and damages, fines, sanctions or other legal consequences that could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations
 and financial condition.

Imposition of significant tariffs on imports into the U.S., could have a material and adverse effect on our business.

We are required to purchase all our cigarette papers, cigarette tubes and cigarette injector machines under the Distribution Agreements from the supplier in France. Additionally, a substantial portion
 of our NewGen products are sourced from China. In 2018, the U.S. imposed significant additional tariffs on certain goods imported from outside the U.S. by executive administrative action, and these tariffs remain in place. Future administrations
 could impose additional tariffs in the future. These additional tariffs apply to a significant portion of our NewGen products and may result in increased prices for our customers. These increased prices may reduce demand where customers are unable
 to absorb the increased prices or successfully pass them onto the end-user. If the U.S. were to impose additional tariffs on goods we import, it is likely to make it more costly for us to import goods from other countries. While the current or
 future administrations may have a desire to repeal some or all of these tariffs no assurance can be given that they will do so. As a result, our business, financial condition and results of operations could be materially adversely affected.

The scientific community has not yet studied extensively the long-term health effects of certain substances contained in some of our products.

Electronic cigarettes, vaporizers and many of our NewGen products were recently developed and therefore the scientific community has not had a sufficient period of time to study the long-term health
 effects of their use. Currently, there is no way of knowing whether these products are safe for their intended use. If the scientific community were to determine conclusively that use of any or all of these products poses long-term health risks,
 market demand for these products and their use could materially decline. Such a determination could also lead to litigation and significant regulation. Loss of demand for our product, product liability claims and increased regulation stemming from
 unfavorable scientific studies on these products could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition.

We are subject to significant product liability litigation.

The tobacco industry has experienced, and continues to experience, significant product liability litigation. Most tobacco liability lawsuits have been brought against manufacturers and sellers of
 cigarettes by individual plaintiffs, often participating on a class-action basis, for injuries allegedly caused by cigarette smoking or by exposure to cigarette smoke. However, several lawsuits have also been brought against manufacturers and
 sellers of smokeless products for injuries to health allegedly caused by use of smokeless products. In addition to the risks to our business, results of operations and financial condition resulting from adverse results in any such action, ongoing
 litigation may divert management s attention and resources, which could have an impact on our business and operations. There can be no assurance that we will not sustain losses in connection with such lawsuits and that such losses will not have a
 material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition.

In addition to current and potential future claims related to our core tobacco products, we are subject to several lawsuits alleging personal injuries resulting from malfunctioning vaporizer devices
 and may be subject to claims in the future relating to our other NewGen products. We are still evaluating these claims and the potential defenses to them. As a result of their relative novelty, electronic cigarette and vaporizer product
 manufacturers and sellers have only recently become subject to litigation. We may see increasing litigation over NewGen products or the regulation of our products, as the regulatory regimes surrounding these products develop. For a description of
 current material litigation to which we or our subsidiaries are a party, see Item 3 Legal Proceedings and Note 18 Contingencies in the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements in Part II, Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K, for
 additional information.

27 

Table of Contents 

As a result, we may face substantial costs due to increased product liability litigation relating to new regulations or other potential defects associated with NewGen products we ship, which could
 have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition.

Risks Related to Financial Results, Finances and Capital Structure

We have a substantial amount of indebtedness that could affect our financial condition.

As of December 31, 2022, we had 250 million in aggregate principal amount of our 5.625 senior secured notes due 2026 (the Senior Secured Notes outstanding and 162.5 million in aggregate
 principal amount outstanding under our 2.50 Convertible Senior Notes due July 15, 2024 (the Convertible Senior Notes ). We also have the ability to borrow up to 25 million under our new revolving credit facility entered into in February 2021
 (the New Revolving Credit Facility under which only letters of credit of 3.6 million were outstanding as of December 31, 2022. If we cannot generate sufficient cash flow from operations to service our debt, we may need to further refinance our
 debt, dispose of assets or issue equity to obtain necessary funds. We do not know whether we will be able to do any of this on a timely basis or on terms satisfactory to us or at all.

Our substantial amount of indebtedness could limit our ability to:

obtain necessary additional financing for working capital, capital expenditures or other purposes in the future;

plan for, or react to, changes in our business and the industries in which we operate;

make future acquisitions or pursue other business opportunities;

react in an extended economic downturn;

pay dividends; and

repurchase stock.

The terms of the agreement governing our indebtedness may restrict our current and future operations, which would adversely affect our ability to respond to changes in our business
 and to manage our operations.

The indenture governing the Senior Secured Notes and our New Revolving Credit Facility each contain, and any future indebtedness of ours would likely contain, a number of restrictive covenants that impose significant
 operating and financial restrictions on us, including restrictions on our ability to, among other things:

incur additional debt, disqualified stock and preferred stock;

pay dividends and make other restricted payments;

create liens;

make investments and acquisitions;

engage in sales of assets and subsidiary stock;

enter into sale-leaseback transactions;

enter into transactions with affiliates; and

transfer all or substantially all of our assets or enter into merger or consolidation transactions.

Our New Revolving Credit Facility also requires us to maintain certain financial ratios under certain limited circumstances. A failure by us to comply with the covenants or financial ratios in our debt instruments
 could result in an event of default under the facility, which could adversely affect our ability to respond to changes in our business and manage our operations. In the event of any default under our debt instruments, the lenders under the facility
 could elect to declare all amounts outstanding under such instruments to be due and payable and require us to apply all of our available cash to repay these amounts. If the indebtedness under one of our debt instruments were to be accelerated, it
 could cause an event of default and/or a cross-acceleration of our obligations under our other debt instruments and there can be no assurance that our assets would be sufficient to repay this indebtedness in full, which could have a material
 adverse effect on our business, results of operations, and financial condition.

28 

Table of Contents 

If we fail to establish and maintain proper and effective internal control over financial reporting, our operating results and our ability to operate our business could be harmed.

Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 requires that we establish and maintain internal control over financial reporting, and we are also
 required to establish disclosure controls and procedures under applicable SEC rules. An effective internal control environment is necessary to enable us to produce reliable financial reports and is an important component of our efforts to
 prevent and detect financial reporting errors and fraud. Management is required to provide an annual assessment on the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting and our independent registered public accounting firm is
 required to attest to the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting. Our and our auditor s testing may reveal deficiencies in our internal control over financial reporting that are deemed to be material weaknesses and
 render our internal control over financial reporting ineffective. As noted below, this year s assessment led management to conclude that we have two material weaknesses

in our internal control over financial reporting. No assurance can be given that we won't discover additional material weaknesses in the future. We have incurred and we expect to continue to incur substantial accounting and auditing expense and
 expend significant management time in complying with the requirements of Section 404, including the requirement to have such controls tested by our independent registered public accounting firm. While an effective internal control environment
 is necessary to enable us to produce reliable financial statements and is an important component of our efforts to prevent and detect financial reporting errors and fraud, disclosure controls and internal control over financial reporting are
 generally not capable of preventing or detecting all financial reporting errors and all fraud. A control system, no matter how well-designed and operated, is designed to reduce rather than eliminate the risk of material misstatements in our
 financial statements. There are inherent limitations on the effectiveness of internal controls, including collusion, management override and failure in human judgment. A control system can provide only reasonable, not absolute, assurance of
 achieving the desired control objectives and the design of a control system must reflect the fact that resource constraints exist.

If we are not able to comply with the requirements of Section 404, or if we or our independent registered public accounting firm identify deficiencies in our internal control over financial reporting
 that are deemed to be material weaknesses:

our reputation may be adversely affected and our business and operating results could be harmed;

the market price of our stock could decline;

we could fail to meet our financial reporting obligations; and

we could be subject to litigation and/or investigations or sanctions by the SEC, the New York Stock Exchange or other regulatory authorities.

We identified material weaknesses in our internal control over financial reporting which, if not remediated appropriately or in a timely manner, could result in loss of investor
 confidence and adversely impact our stock price.

A material weakness is a deficiency, or combination of deficiencies, in internal control over financial reporting such that there is a reasonable possibility that a material misstatement of our annual or interim
 consolidated financial statements will not be prevented or detected on a timely basis.

In connection with the preparation of our consolidated financial statements for the year ended December 31, 2021, during the fourth quarter of 2021, management identified a material weakness in
 internal control related to ineffective information technology general controls ITGCs in the areas of user access and program change-management over certain information technology IT systems that support the Company s financial reporting
 processes. Internal controls related to the operation of technology systems are critical to maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting. While we have developed a remediation plan to address this material weakness, the plan is
 still being implemented and therefore the material weakness cannot be deemed remediated.

In addition, we identified control deficiencies that constitute a material weakness in the design and operation of controls associated with the
 risk assessment component of the Company s internal control framework, specifically as it relates to identifying risks around segregation of duties within the financial reporting function, and the identification of all risks relating to the
 financial statements and controls that would address such risks. This impacts business process controls (automated and manual) throughout financial reporting and the business transaction cycles. See Part II, Item 9A for additional information. 

The material weaknesses remain unremediated as of December 31, 2022 and as a result, management concluded that our internal control over financial
 reporting was not effective as of December 31, 2022. These measures will result in additional technology, new personnel, the creation of training programs and other expenses. If we are unable to remediate the material weaknesses, or are otherwise
 unable to maintain effective internal control over financial reporting or disclosure controls and procedures, our ability to record, process and report financial information accurately, and to prepare financial statements within required time
 periods, could be adversely affected, which could subject us to litigation or investigations requiring management resources and payment of legal and other expenses, negatively affect investor confidence in our financial statements and in turn,
 adversely impact our stock price.

29 

Table of Contents 

Risks Related to our Common Stock

Our certificate of incorporation and bylaws, as well as Delaware law and certain regulations, could discourage or prohibit acquisition bids or merger proposals, which may adversely
 affect the market price of our common stock.

Our certificate of incorporation authorizes our board of directors to issue preferred stock without stockholder approval. If our board of directors elects to issue preferred stock, it could be more
 difficult for a third party to acquire us. In addition, some provisions of our certificate of incorporation, bylaws and applicable law could make it more difficult for a third party to acquire control of us, even if the change of control would be
 beneficial to our stockholders, including:

limitations on the removal of directors;

limitations on the ability of our stockholders to call special meetings;

limitations on stockholder action by written consent;

establishing advance notice provisions for stockholder proposals and nominations for elections to the board of directors to be acted upon at meetings of stockholders; and

limitations on the ability of our stockholders to fill vacant directorships or amend the number of directors constituting our board of directors.

Our certificate of incorporation limits the ownership of our common stock by individuals and entities that are Restricted Investors. These restrictions may affect the liquidity of
 our common stock and may result in Restricted Investors being required to sell or redeem their shares at a loss or relinquish their voting, dividend and distribution rights.

For so long as we or one of our subsidiaries is party to any of the Distribution Agreements, our certificate of incorporation will limit the ownership of our common stock by any Restricted Investor 
 to 14.9 of our outstanding common stock and shares convertible or exchangeable therefor (including our non-voting common stock) (the Permitted Percentage ). A Restricted Investor is defined as: (i) any entity that directly or indirectly
 manufactures, sells, markets, distributes or otherwise promotes cigarette paper booklets, filter tubes, injector machines or filter tips in the U.S., the District of Columbia, the territories, possessions and military bases of the U.S. and the
 Dominion of Canada (a RTI Competitor ), (ii) any entity that owns more than a 20 equity interest in any RTI Competitor, or (iii) any person who serves as a director or officer of, or any entity that has the right to appoint an officer or director
 of, any RTI Competitor or of any entity that owns more than a 20 equity interest in any RTI Competitor (each, a Restricted Investor ). Our certificate of incorporation further provides that any issuance or transfer of shares to a Restricted
 Investor in excess of the Permitted Percentage will be ineffective as against us and that neither we nor our transfer agent will register the issuance or transfer of shares or be required to recognize the transferee or owner as a holder of our
 common stock for any purpose except to exercise our remedies described below. Any shares in excess of the Permitted Percentage in the hands of a Restricted Investor will not have any voting or dividend rights and are subject to redemption by us in
 our discretion. The liquidity or market value of the shares of our common stock may be adversely impacted by such transfer restrictions.

As a result of the above provisions, a proposed transferee of our common stock that is a Restricted Investor may not receive any return on its investment in shares it purchases or owns, as the case
 may be, and it may sustain a loss. We are entitled to redeem all or any portion of such shares acquired by a Restricted Investor in excess of the Permitted Percentage Excess Shares at a redemption price based on a fair market value formula that
 is set forth in our certificate of incorporation, which may be paid in any form, including cash or promissory notes, at our discretion. Excess Shares not yet redeemed will not be accorded any voting, dividend or distribution rights while they
 constitute Excess Shares. As a result of these provisions, a stockholder who is a Restricted Investor may be required to sell its shares of our common stock at an undesirable time or price and may not receive any return on its investment in such
 shares. However, we may not be able to redeem Excess Shares for cash because our operations may not have generated sufficient excess cash flow to fund the redemption and we may incur additional indebtedness to fund all or a portion of such
 redemption, in which case our financial condition may be materially weakened.

Our certificate of incorporation permits us to require that owners of any shares of our common stock provide certification of their status as a Restricted Investor. In the event that a person does not
 submit such documentation, our certificate of incorporation provides us with certain remedies, including the suspension of the payment of dividends and distributions with respect to shares held by such person and deposit of any such dividends and
 distributions into an escrow account. As a result of non-compliance with these provisions, an owner of the shares of our common stock may lose significant rights associated with those shares.

Although our certificate of incorporation contains the above provisions intended to assure compliance with the restrictions on ownership of our common stock by Restricted Investors, we may not be
 successful in monitoring or enforcing the provisions. A failure to enforce or otherwise maintain compliance could lead RTI to exercise its termination rights under the agreements, which would have a material and adverse effect on the Company s
 financial position and its results of operations.

In addition to the risks described above, the foregoing restrictions could delay, defer or prevent a transaction or change in control that might involve a premium price for our common stock or that
 might otherwise be in the best interest of our stockholders.

Future sales of our common stock in the public market could reduce our stock price, and any additional capital raised by us through the sale of equity or convertible securities may
 dilute our stockholders.

We may sell additional shares of common stock in public or private offerings and may also sell securities convertible to common stock, such as the Convertible Senior Notes. We may also
 be required to issue common stock and conversion of our Convertible Senior Notes at the exercise or vesting of certain awards, s ee Note 13 , Notes Payable and Long-Term Debt, of our Notes to the
 Consolidated Financial Statements in Part II, Item 8 of this this Annual Report on Form 10-K for further discussion.

30 

Table of Contents 

We cannot predict the size of future issuances of our common stock or securities convertible into common stock or the effect, if any, that future issuances and sales of shares of our common stock will
 have on the market price of our common stock. Sales of substantial amounts of our common stock (including shares issued in connection with an acquisition), or the perception that such sales could occur, may adversely affect prevailing market prices
 of our common stock.

We may issue preferred stock whose terms could adversely affect the voting power or value of our common stock.

Our certificate of incorporation authorizes us to issue, without the approval of our stockholders, one or more classes or series of preferred stock having such designations, preferences, limitations
 and relative rights, including preferences over our common stock respecting dividends and distributions, as our board of directors may determine. The terms of one or more classes or series of preferred stock could adversely impact the voting power
 or value of our common stock. For example, we might grant holders of preferred stock the right to elect some number of our directors in all events or on the happening of specified events or the right to veto specified transactions. Similarly, the
 repurchase or redemption rights or liquidation preferences we might assign to holders of preferred stock could affect the residual value of the common stock.

General Risks

Our business may be damaged by events outside of our or our suppliers control, such as the impact of epidemics, political upheavals, or natural disasters.

We have manufacturing operations in Tennessee and Kentucky. Additionally, we have critical suppliers of raw materials and finished products in other regions of the U.S. and in other countries. Events
 may impact our ability to manufacture products or prevent critical suppliers from performing their obligations to us, through no fault of any party. Examples of such events could include the effect of epidemics; political upheavals including
 violent changes in government, regional conflicts, such as the ware in Ukraine, and the reaction of the governments throughout the world to those conflicts such as the implementation of sanctions, widespread labor unrest, or breakdowns in civil
 order; and natural disasters, such as hurricanes, tornados, earthquakes or floods. If such events were to occur and disrupt our manufacturing capabilities or supply arrangements, there can be no assurance that we could quickly remedy the impact and
 there could be a material adverse impact on our business, results of operations, and financial condition.

Additionally, current macroeconomic conditions including high inflation, high gas prices and rising interest rates have caused and may continue to cause delays to supply chain and commercial markets,
 which limit access to, and increase the cost of, raw materials and services. Furthermore, challenging economic conditions can create the risk that our suppliers, distributors, logistics providers or other third-party partners suffer financial or
 operational difficulties, which may impact their ability to provide us with or distribute finished product or raw materials and services in a timely manner or at all. Any such delay or distribution challenges could have a material adverse impact
 on our business, results of operations an financial conditions.

Climate change may have an adverse impact on our business and results of operations.

Our operations may be impacted by adverse weather patterns or other natural disasters, such as hurricanes, earthquakes, floods, fires, tornadoes, tsunamis, typhoons and volcanic eruptions. While we
 seek to mitigate our business risks associated with climate change by seeking business partners, including within our supply chain, that are committed to operating in ways that protect the environment or mitigate environmental impacts, we recognize
 that there are inherent climate-related risks wherever business is conducted. Our operations may be vulnerable to the adverse effects of climate change, which are predicted to increase the frequency and severity of weather events and other natural
 cycles such as wildfires and droughts. For instance, if a hurricane or tornado were to shut down one of our facilities, our operations could be severely impacted. Such events have the potential to disrupt our operations, cause manufacturing
 facility closures, disrupt the business of our third-party suppliers and impact our customers, all of which may cause us to suffer losses and additional costs to maintain or resume operations.

Reliance on information technology means a significant disruption could affect our communications and operations.

We increasingly rely on information technology systems for our internal communications, controls, reporting and relations with customers and suppliers and information technology is becoming a
 significantly important tool for our sales staff. Our marketing and distribution strategy are dependent upon our ability to closely monitor consumer and market trends on a highly specified level, for which we are reliant on our highly sophisticated
 data tracking systems, which are susceptible to disruption or failure. In addition, our reliance on information technology exposes us to cyber-security risks, which could have a material adverse effect on our ability to compete. Security and
 privacy breaches may expose us to liability and cause us to lose customers or may disrupt our relationships and ongoing transactions with other entities with whom we contract throughout our supply chain. The failure of our information systems to
 function as intended, or the penetration by outside parties intent on disrupting business processes, could result in significant costs, loss of revenue, assets or personal or other sensitive data and reputational harm.

31 

Table of Contents 

Additionally, in connection with the preparation of our consolidated financial statements for the year ended December 31, 2022, during the fourth quarter of 2022, management identified a material
 weakness in internal control related to ineffective ITGCs in the areas of user access and program change-management over certain IT systems that support the Company s financial reporting processes. See Part II, Item 9A for additional information.
 In the event we are unable to remediate the material weakness, or are otherwise unable to maintain effective internal control over financial reporting or disclosure controls and procedures, our ability to record, process and report financial
 information accurately, and to prepare financial statements within required time periods, could be adversely affected, which could subject us to litigation or investigations requiring management resources and payment of legal and other expenses,
 negatively affect investor confidence in our financial statements and, in turn, adversely impact our stock price.

Security and privacy breaches may expose us to liability and cause us to lose customers.

Federal and state laws require us to safeguard our wholesalers , retailers and consumers financial information, including credit information. Although we have established security
 procedures to protect against identity theft and the theft of our customers financial information, our security and testing measures may not prevent security breaches. We have been in the past and may again in the future be subject to
 cyberattacks, including attacks that have resulted in the theft of customer financial information, such as credit card information; however, no cyberattack we have suffered to date has resulted in material liability to us. These attacks have become
 increasingly sophisticated over time and maybe conducted or sponsored by nation states with significant resources. We cannot guarantee that a future breach would not result in material liability or otherwise harm our business. In the event of any
 such breach, we may be required to notify governmental authorities or consumers under breach disclosure laws, indemnify consumers or other third parties for losses resulting from the breach, and expend resources investigating and remediating any
 vulnerabilities that contributed to the occurrence of the breach. Typically, we rely on encryption and authentication technology licensed from third parties to enhance transmission security of confidential information
 in relation to financial and other sensitive information that we have on file. Advances in computer capabilities, new discoveries in the field of cryptography, inadequate facility security or other developments may result in a compromise or
 breach of the technology used by us to protect customer data. Any compromise of our security, even a security breach that does not result in a material liability, could harm our reputation and therefore, our business and financial condition. In
 addition, a party who is able to circumvent our security measures or exploit inadequacies in our security measures, could, among other effects, misappropriate proprietary information (including trade secrets), cause interruptions in our
 operations or expose customers and other entities with which we interact to computer viruses or other disruptions. Actual or perceived vulnerabilities may lead to claims against us. While we maintain cyber errors and omissions insurance that
 covers certain cyber risks, our insurance coverage may be insufficient to cover all claims or losses. To the extent the measures we have taken prove to be insufficient or inadequate, we may become subject to litigation or administrative
 sanctions, which could result in significant fines, penalties or damages and harm to our reputation. 

We may fail to manage our growth.

We have expanded over our history and intend to grow in the future. We acquired the Stoker s brand in 2003 and have continued to develop it through the introduction of new products, such as moist snuff. Our acquisition of the Vapor
 Beast brand in 2016 accelerated our entry into non-traditional retail channels while the 2018 acquisition
 of IVG added a top B2C platform which enhances our marketing and selling of proprietary and third-party vapor products to adult consumers. The acquisition of certain tobacco assets and distribution rights from Durfort and BluntWrap USA
 secured long-term control of our Zig-Zag MYO cigar wrap products and provided us access to a portfolio of tobacco products with significant strategic value, and the acquisition of certain tobacco assets from Unitabac expanded our capabilities in
 the growing cigar market . However, any future growth will place additional demands on our resources, and we cannot be sure we will be able to manage our growth effectively. If we are unable to manage our growth
 while maintaining the quality of our products and profit margins, or if new systems that we implement to assist in managing our growth do not produce the expected benefits, our business, financial position, results of operations and cash flows
 could be adversely affected. We may not be able to support, financially or otherwise, future growth, or hire, train, motivate and manage the required personnel. Our failure to manage growth effectively could also limit our ability to achieve our
 goals as they relate to streamlined sales, marketing and distribution operations and the ability to achieve certain financial metrics. 

32 

Table of Contents 

We may fail to successfully integrate our acquisitions or otherwise be unable to benefit from pursuing acquisitions.

We believe there are meaningful opportunities to grow through acquisitions and joint ventures across all OTP and adjacent product categories and we expect to continue a strategy of
 selectively identifying and acquiring businesses with complementary products. We may be unable to identify, negotiate, and complete suitable acquisition opportunities on reasonable terms. There can be no assurance that any business
 acquired by us will be successfully integrated with our operations or prove to be profitable to us. We may incur future liabilities related to acquisitions. Should any of the following problems, or others, occur as a result of our acquisition
 strategy, the impact could be material:

difficulties integrating personnel from acquired entities and other corporate cultures into our business;

difficulties integrating information systems;

the potential loss of key employees of acquired companies;

the assumption of liabilities and exposure to undisclosed or unknown liabilities of acquired companies; or

the diversion of management attention from existing operations

We are subject to fluctuations in our results that make it difficult to track trends and develop strategies in the short-term.

In response to competitor actions and pricing pressures, we have engaged in significant use of promotional and sales incentives. We regularly review the results of our promotional spending activities
 and adjust our promotional spending programs in an effort to maintain our competitive position. Accordingly, unit sales volume and sales promotion costs in any period are not necessarily indicative of sales and costs that may be realized in
 subsequent periods. Additionally, promotional activity significantly increases net sales in the month in which it is initiated, and net sales are adversely impacted in the month after a promotion. Accordingly, based upon the timing of our marketing
 and promotional initiatives, we have and may continue to experience significant variability in our results, which could affect our ability to formulate strategies that allow us to maintain our market presence across volatile periods. If our
 fluctuations obscure our ability to track important trends in our key markets, it may have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition.

We are subject to the risks of exchange rate fluctuations.

Currency movements and suppliers price increases relating to premium cigarette papers and cigarette tubes are the primary factors affecting our cost of sales. These products are purchased under the
 Distribution Agreements and the License Agreements, and we make payments in euros. Thus, we bear certain foreign exchange rate risk for certain of our inventory purchases. In addition, as part of our strategy, we have begun strategic international
 expansions. As a result, we may be more sensitive to the risks of exchange rate fluctuations. To manage this risk, we sometimes utilize short-term forward currency contracts to purchase euros for our inventory purchases. We have a foreign exchange
 currency policy which governs our hedging of risk. While we engage in hedging transactions from time to time, no assurance can be made that we will be successful in eliminating currency exchange risks or that changes in currency rates will not have
 a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition.

Adverse U.S. and global economic conditions could negatively impact our business, prospects, results of operations, financial condition or cash flows.

Our business and operations are sensitive to global economic conditions. These conditions include interest rates, energy costs, inflation, recession, fluctuations in debt and equity capital markets
 and the general condition of the U.S. and world economy. A material decline in the economic conditions affecting consumers, which cause a reduction in disposable income for the average consumer, may change consumption patterns, and may result in a
 reduction in spending on OTP or a switch to cheaper products or products obtained through illicit channels. Material inflation may also lead to significant increases in property, E O and other insurance premiums which could affect our results
 of operations and liquidity and may also result in us self-insuring if the premiums become uneconomical. Electronic cigarettes, vaporizer, e-liquid, and other NewGen products are relatively new to market and may be regarded by users as a novelty
 item and expendable. As such, demand for our NewGen products may be particularly sensitive to economic conditions such as inflation, recession, high energy costs, unemployment, changes in interest rates and money supply, changes in the political
 environment, and other factors beyond our control, any combination of which could result in a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition.

The departure of key management personnel and the failure to attract and retain talent could adversely affect our operations.

Our success depends upon the continued contributions of our senior management. Our ability to implement our strategy of attracting and retaining the best talent may be impaired by the decreasing
 social acceptance of tobacco usage. The tobacco industry competes for talent with the consumer products industry and other companies that enjoy greater societal acceptance. As a result, we may be unable to attract and retain the best talent, which
 could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition.

Our intellectual property rights may be infringed or misappropriated.

We currently rely on trademark and other intellectual property rights to establish and protect our products, including the brand names and logos we own or license. Third parties have in the past
 infringed on and misappropriated and may in the future infringe or misappropriate, these trademarks and our other intellectual property rights. Our ability to maintain and further build brand recognition is dependent on the continued and exclusive
 use of these trademarks, service marks and other proprietary intellectual property rights, including the names and logos we own or license. Despite our attempts to ensure these intellectual property rights are protected, third parties may take
 actions that could materially and adversely affect our rights or the value of this intellectual property. Any enforcement concerning our intellectual property rights, whether successful or unsuccessful, could result in substantial costs to us and
 diversions of our resources. Expenses related to protecting and enforcing our intellectual property rights, the loss or compromise of any of these rights or the loss of revenues as a result of infringement or misappropriation could have a material
 adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition, and may prevent the brands we own or license from growing or maintaining market share.

33 

Table of Contents 

Third parties may claim that we infringe or misappropriate their intellectual property rights.

Competitors in the tobacco products and NewGen markets may claim that we infringe on or misappropriate their intellectual property rights. Such claims, whether or not meritorious, may result in the
 expenditure of significant financial and managerial resources, injunctions against us and/or the payment of damages. Further, our vapor distribution businesses distribute third party product brands with those suppliers branding and imagery. If
 that branding or imagery is alleged by other parties to infringe or otherwise violate intellectual property rights, we could be drawn into such litigation.

We may fail to meet expectations relating to environmental, social and governance factors.

Market participants, including investors, analysts, customers and other key stakeholders are increasingly focused on ESG factors. We determined to adopt a comprehensive ESG initiative with an
 initial focus on public health and began to roll-out this new initiative in 2020. However, the ESG factors by which companies corporate responsibility practices are assessed differ among market participants, are constantly evolving and could
 result in greater expectations of us and/or cause us to undertake costly initiatives to satisfy such new criteria. We risk damage to our brand and reputation in the event that our corporate responsibility procedures or standards do not meet the
 standards expected of us. Furthermore, we could fail, or be perceived to fail, in our achievement of our publicly disclosed ESG initiatives or goals and we could also be criticized for the scope of such initiatives or goals. If we fail to satisfy
 the expectations of investors and other key stakeholders or our initiatives are not executed as planned, our reputation and financial results could be materially and adversely affected.

34 

Table of Contents 

Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 

None

Item 2. Properties 

As of December 31, 2022, we operated manufacturing, distribution, office, and warehouse space in the U.S., all of which is leased with the exception of our Dresden, Tennessee manufacturing facility,
 which is owned. To provide a cost-efficient supply of products to our customers, we maintain centralized management of internal manufacturing and nationwide distribution facilities. Our two manufacturing and distribution facilities located in
 Louisville, Kentucky and Shepherdsville, Kentucky are used by all our segments. Our third manufacturing and distribution facility located in Dresden, Tennessee is used by our Stoker s Product segment. We believe our facilities are adequate for our
 current and anticipated future use.

Item 3. Legal Proceedings 

For a description of our material pending legal proceedings, see Note 18, Contingencies of our Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements in Part II,
 Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K, which is incorporated herein by reference. 

Also see Item 1A Risk Factors We are subject to significant product liability litigation for additional details.

Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 

Not applicable.

Information about our Executive Officers 

Listed below are the executive officers of the Company. Our executive officers are appointed by, and serve at the discretion of, our board of directors. There are no family relationships between any
 of the executive officers, and there is no arrangement or understanding between any executive officer and any other person pursuant to which the executive officer was selected.

Graham Purdy, age 51, has served as our President and CEO since October 2022. Prior to October 2022, Mr. Purdy served as Chief Operating Officer since
 November 2019 after serving as President of our New Ventures Division since December 2017. Mr. Purdy joined the Company in 2004 and has held various leadership positions since that time. Prior to joining the Company, Mr. Purdy spent 7 years at
 Philip Morris, USA where he served in senior sales and sales management positions. Mr. Purdy holds a Bachelor of Arts from California State University, Chico.

David Glazek, age 45, was appointed Executive Chair of the Board in January 2023. Mr. Glazek served as a director of our company since November 2012, and as
 our Lead Independent Director from January 2018 until October 2022, and as our non-executive Chair since September 2019. Mr. Glazek was a Partner and Portfolio Manager of Standard General L.P. from 2008 to 2023, and an investment banker at Lazard
 Fr res Co. from 2000 to 2003 and from 2006 to 2008. He also worked at the Blackstone Group. Throughout his career he has served on numerous public and private company boards of directors. In addition, he is an Adjunct Professor at Columbia
 Business School. Mr. Glazek holds a Bachelor of Arts from the University of Michigan and a J.D. from Columbia Law School . 

Luis Reformina , age 45, was appointed Chief Financial Officer in May 2021 after serving as the Company s Chief Business Development Officer since October 2020.
 He joined the Company as Vice President of Business Development in 2019. Prior to joining the Company, Mr. Reformina spent nearly two decades in the finance and investment industry working at Point72 Asset Management, Waterfront Capital Partners,
 Perella Weinberg Partners and Vestar Capital Partners in various roles deploying capital across different industries. He began his career as an investment banker at Goldman Sachs Co. Mr. Reformina holds a B.S, summa cum laude , in Electrical Engineering from Cornell University and an M.B.A from Stanford Graduate School of Business where he was an Arjay Miller Scholar.

Brittani N. Cushman , age 38, has been our Senior Vice President, General Counsel, and Secretary since November 2020 and has served in various roles in our
 legal department since joining the Company in October 2014, most recently serving as Senior Vice President of External Affairs. Prior to joining the Company, Ms. Cushman spent five years at Xcaliber International, Ltd., L.L.C., where she was most
 recently the General Counsel, responsible for all legal affairs. Ms. Cushman holds a Bachelor of Science in Business Administration, magna cum laude , in business management from the University of Tulsa and
 a J.D. from Washington and Lee University School of Law.

35 

Table of Contents 

PART II

Item 5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 

Market Information

The principal stock exchange on which Turning Point Brands, Inc. s common stock, par value 0.01 per share, (the Common Stock is listed is the New York Stock Exchange under the symbol TPB. At March 3, 2023,
 there were 160 holders of record the Company s Common Stock. The last reported sales price of the Company s Common Stock on March 3, 2023 was 23.46.

Dividends. We have a history of paying cash dividends. Future dividend amounts will be considered after reviewing financial results and
 capital needs and will be declared at the discretion of our Board of Directors. 

Performance graph. The graph below compares the cumulative total shareholder return of our common stock for the last five years with the cumulative total return for the same
 period of the Russell 3000 Index and the S P Small Cap 600 Consumer Staples Index. The information presented assumes the investment of 100 in common stock and each of the indices as of the market close on December 31, 2017 and the reinvestment
 of all dividends on a quarterly basis.

Issuer purchases of equity securities.

On February 25, 2020, the Company s Board of Directors approved a 50.0 million share repurchase program, which is intended for opportunistic execution based upon a variety of factors including market dynamics. On
 October 25, 2021, the Board increased the approved share repurchase program by 30.7 million bringing the authority at the time back to 50.0 million (including approximately 19.3 million available for repurchases under the Board s previous
 authorization). On February 24, 2022, the Board increased the approved share repurchase program by 24.6 million bringing total authority at that time to 50.0 million. As of December 31, 2022, we had 27.2 million of remaining authority under the
 repurchase program. This share repurchase program has no expiration date and is subject to the ongoing discretion of the Board. Repurchases under our stock repurchase programs have been made through open market transactions, privately negotiated
 transactions or 10b5-1 repurchase plans.

36 

Table of Contents 

The following table includes information regarding purchases of our common stock made by us during the quarter ended December 31, 2022 in connection with the repurchase program described above:

Period

Total Number

 of Shares

 Purchased

Average

 Price Paid

 per Share

Total Number of

 Shares Purchased

 as Part of Publicly

 Announced Plans

 or Programs

Maximum Number

 (or Approximate

 Dollar Value)

 of Shares that

 May Yet Be

 Purchased Under the

 Plans or Programs

October 1 to October 31

41,104

21.11

41,104

28,521,628

November 1 to November 30

36,905

22.02

36,905

27,708,979

December 1 to December 31

23,950

21.34

23,950

27,197,886

Total

101,959

101,959

Item 6. Selected Financial Data 

Reserved

37 

Table of Contents 

Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 

The following discussion is intended to help the reader understand the results of operations and financial condition of the Company. The discussion is provided as a supplement to,
 and should be read in conjunction with our historical consolidated financial statements and accompanying notes, which are included elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K and incorporated herein by reference. In addition, this discussion
 includes forward-looking statements subject to risks and uncertainties that may result in actual results differing from statements we make. See Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements. Factors that could cause actual results to
 differ include those risks and uncertainties discussed in Item 1A Risk Factors. 

The following discussion relates to the audited financial statements of Turning Point Brands, Inc., included elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. In this discussion,
 unless the context requires otherwise, references to our Company we, our, or us refer to Turning Point Brands, Inc., and its consolidated subsidiaries. References to TPB refer to Turning Point Brands, Inc., without any of its
 subsidiaries. We were incorporated in 2004 under the name North Atlantic Holding Company, Inc. On November 4, 2015, we changed our name to Turning Point Brands, Inc. Many of the amounts and percentages in this discussion have been rounded for
 convenience of presentation.

Overview

We are a leading manufacturer, marketer and distributor of branded adult consumer products. We sell a wide range of products to adult consumers consisting of staple products with our iconic brands Zig-Zag and Stoker s to our next generation products to satisfy evolving consumer preferences. Among other markets, we compete in the alternative smoking accessories and Other Tobacco Products
 OTP industries. The alternative smoking accessories market is a dynamic market experiencing robust secular growth driven by cannabinoid legalization in the U.S. and Canada and positively evolving consumer perception and acceptance in North
 America. The OTP industry, which consists of non-cigarette tobacco products, exhibited mid-single-digit consumer unit annualized growth over the three year period ending 2022 as reported by Management Science Associates, Inc. MSAi ), a
 third-party analytics and information company. Our three focus segments are led by our iconic, proprietary brands: Zig-Zag and CLIPPER in the Zig-Zag Products segment; Stoker s along with Beech-Nut and Trophy in the Stoker s Products segment; and our distribution platforms Vapor Beast , VaporFi and Direct Vapor in the NewGen segment. Our businesses generate solid cash flow which we use to re-invest in our business,
 finance acquisitions, increase brand support, expand our distribution infrastructure, and strengthen our capital position. We currently ship to approximately 850 distributors with an additional 300 secondary, indirect wholesalers in the U.S. that
 carry and sell our products. Under the leadership of a senior management team with extensive experience in the consumer products, alternative smoking accessories and tobacco industries, we have grown and diversified our business through new product
 launches, category expansions, and acquisitions while concurrently improving operational efficiency.

We believe there are meaningful opportunities to grow through acquisitions and joint ventures across all product categories. As of December 31, 2022, our products were available in approximately
 197,000 U.S. retail locations which, with the addition of retail stores in Canada, brings our total North American retail presence to an estimated 217,000 points of distribution. Our sales team targets widespread distribution to all traditional
 retail channels, including convenience stores, and we have a growing e-commerce business.

Products

We operate in three segments: Zig-Zag Products, Stoker s Products and NewGen Products. In our Zig-Zag Products segment, we principally market and distribute (i) rolling papers, tubes, and related products; (ii)
 finished cigars and make-your-own MYO cigar wraps and (iii) lighters and other accessories. In addition, we have a majority stake in Turning Point Brands Canada which markets and distributes cannabis
 accessories and tobacco products throughout Canada. In our Stoker s Products segment, we (i) manufacture and market moist snuff tobacco MST and (ii) contract for and market loose-leaf chewing tobacco products. In our NewGen Products segment, we
 (i) market and distribute vapor products and certain other products without tobacco and/or nicotine; (ii) distribute a wide assortment of products to non-traditional retail via Vapor Beast; and (iii) market and distribute a wide assortment of
 products to individual consumers via the VaporFi and Direct Vapor B2C online platforms.

38 

Table of Contents 

Our portfolio of brands includes some of the most widely recognized names in the alternative smoking accessories and OTP industries, such as Zig-Zag , Stoker s , Vapor Beast and VaporFi . The following table sets forth the market share and category rank of our core products and demonstrates their industry positions within measured distribution channels:

Brand

Product

TPB Segment

Market Share (1) 

Category Rank (1) 

Zig-Zag 

Cigarette Papers

Zig-Zag Products

35.0 

#1 premium, #1 overall

Zig-Zag 

MYO Cigar Wraps

Zig-Zag Products

59.2 

#1 overall

Stoker s 

Moist Snuff

Stoker s Products

6.3 

#3 discount, #6 overall

Stoker s 

Chewing Tobacco

Stoker s Products

28.0 

#1 discount, #1 overall

(1) Market share and category rank data for all products are derived from MSAi data 2022 53 weeks ended 12/31/22.

We subscribe to a sales tracking system from MSAi that records all OTP product shipments (ours as well as those of our competitors) from approximately 600 wholesalers to over 250,000 traditional
 retail stores in the U.S. This system enables us to understand individual product share and volume trends across multiple categories down to the individual retail store level, allowing us to allocate field salesforce coverage to the highest
 opportunity stores. Our sales and marketing group of approximately 180 professionals utilize the MSAi system to efficiently target markets and sales channels with the highest sales potential.

Our core Zig-Zag Products and Stoker s Products segments primarily generate revenues from the sale of our products to wholesale distributors who, in turn, resell the products to retail operations. Our
 acquisition of Vapor Beast in 2016 expanded our revenue streams as we began selling directly to non-traditional retail outlets. Our acquisition of IVG in 2018 enhanced our B2C revenue stream with the addition of the Vapor-Fi online platform. Our
 net sales, which include federal excise taxes, consist of gross sales net of cash discounts, returns, and selling and marketing allowances.

We rely on long-standing relationships with high-quality, established manufacturers to provide the majority of our produced products. Approximately 79 of our production, as measured by net sales, is
 outsourced to suppliers. The remaining production consists primarily of our moist snuff tobacco operations located in Dresden, Tennessee and Louisville, Kentucky. Our principal operating expenses include the cost of raw materials used to
 manufacture the limited number of our products which we produce in-house; the cost of finished products, which are generally purchased goods; federal excise taxes; legal expenses; and compensation expenses, including benefits and costs of salaried
 personnel. Our other principal expenses include interest expense and other expenses.

Key Factors Affecting Our Results of Operations

We consider the following to be the key factors affecting our results of operations:

Our ability to further penetrate markets with our existing products;

Our ability to introduce new products and product lines that complement our core business;

Decreasing interest in tobacco products among consumers;

Price sensitivity in our end-markets;

Marketing and promotional initiatives, which cause variability in our results;

General economic conditions, including consumer access to disposable income and other conditions affecting purchasing power such as inflation;

Labor and production costs;

Cost and increasing regulation of promotional and advertising activities;

Cost of complying with regulation, including FDA regulations;

Increasing and unpredictable regulation of NewGen products;

Counterfeit and other illegal products in our end-markets;

Currency fluctuations;

Our ability to identify attractive acquisition opportunities; and

Our ability to successfully integrate acquisitions.

Recent Developments

Creative Distribution Solutions

On December 21, 2022, we executed an internal reorganization whereby the NewGen entities were structurally separated from the remainder of the Company s entities to clearly delineate the contribution
 of the vaping business. Upon execution of the reorganization, the NewGen business sits under a newly-formed wholly-owned subsidiary, South Beach Holdings LLC d/b/a Creative Distribution Solutions CDS ). CDS specializes in the distribution of
 vapor and related products to B2B and B2C customers throughout the U.S. CDS is overseen by an independent board and a dedicated management team that differs from the Company s management. Although the NewGen business will operate independently,
 it s leadership and independent board will continue to report to the Company s Board. As part of the reorganization, the Company de-designated the NewGen entities as parties to its debt facilities, meaning the NewGen entities are no longer
 guarantors of the Company s debt or subject to the covenants in the Company s debt facilities. The Company believes that the separation of the NewGen Entities from the Company s Zig-Zag and Stoker s segments will provide the NewGen Entities the
 flexibility to navigate the current regulatory environment, adapt to future marketplace changes, and pursue further value maximizing opportunities.

39 

Table of Contents 

Leadership Transition

In October 2022, Graham A. Purdy, the Company s former Chief Operating Officer, was appointed as President and Chief Executive Officer of the Company and as a member of the Board upon the resignation
 of Yavor Efremov as the Company s president and CEO and a member of the Board of Directors.

In connection with Mr. Purdy s appointment and Mr. Efremov s departure, David Glazek, current non-executive Chair of the Board, transitioned to the role of Executive Chair effective January 2023. Mr.
 Purdy will be the Company s principal executive officer. The Company appointed Ashley Davis as lead independent director at the time Mr. Glazek became the Company s Executive Chair.

Non-Tobacco Nicotine Included Under Jurisdiction of FDA s Center for Tobacco Products

New legislation enacted on March 15, 2022, provides authority for the FDA to regulate NTN Products. This law took effect April 14, 2022 and requires NTN Products to comply with applicable requirements
 under the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act, such as not selling to persons under 21 years of age, not marketing these products as modified risk tobacco products without FDA s authorization, and not distributing free samples. Additionally,
 companies with NTN Products in the market between March 15, 2022, and April 14, 2022, were required to file a premarket tobacco application by May 14, 2022. NTN Products subject of a timely-filed PMTA, and not in receipt of a negative action, were
 allowed to remain on the market until July 13, 2022, at which time these products became subject to enforcement, similar to tobacco-derived products remaining under review. We submitted premarket filings for certain of our NTN Products prior to the
 May 14, 2022, deadline. While these applications remain under review, we will continue to supplement these filings with additional information to support a finding that the marketing of these products is appropriate for the protection of public
 health. 

Critical Accounting Policies and Uses of Estimates

The accompanying consolidated financial statements have been prepared in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the U.S.. When more than one accounting principle, or the method of its
 application, is generally accepted, we select the principle or method that is appropriate in the specific circumstances. Application of these accounting principles requires us to make estimates about the future resolution of existing uncertainties.
 Actual results could differ from these estimates. We evaluate our estimates, including those related to revenue recognition, collectability of accounts receivable, inventory valuation and obsolescence, goodwill, intangibles, income taxes,
 litigation, and contingencies on an ongoing basis. We base these estimates on our historical experience and other assumptions we believe are appropriate under the circumstances. In preparing these consolidated financial statements, we have made our
 best estimates and judgments of the amounts and disclosures included in the consolidated financial statements.

Revenue Recognition

We recognize revenues in accordance with Accounting Standards Codification ASC 606, Revenue from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606), which include excise taxes and shipping and handling charges
 billed to customers, net of cash discounts for prompt payment, sales returns and sales incentives, upon delivery of goods to the customer at which time our performance obligation is satisfied at an amount that we expect to be entitled to in
 exchange for those goods in accordance with the five-step analysis outlined in Topic 606: (i) identify the contract with the customer, (ii) identify the performance obligations in the contract, (iii) determine the transaction price, (iv) allocate
 the transaction price to the performance obligations, and (v) recognize revenue when (or as) performance obligations are satisfied. We exclude from the transaction price, sales taxes and value-added taxes imposed at the time of sale (which do not
 include excise taxes on smokeless tobacco, cigars or vaping products billed to customers).

We record an allowance for sales returns, based principally on historical volume and return rates, which is included in accrued liabilities on the consolidated balance sheets. We record sales
 incentives, which consist of consumer incentives and trade promotion activities, as a reduction in revenues (a portion of which is based on amounts estimated as being due to wholesalers, retailers and consumers at the end of the period) based
 principally on historical volume and utilization rates. Expected payments for sales incentives are included in accrued liabilities on the consolidated balance sheets.

A further requirement of ASC 606 is for entities to disaggregate revenue recognized from contracts with customers into categories that depict how the nature, amount, timing, and
 uncertainty of revenue and cash flows are affected by economic factors. Our management views business performance through segments that closely resemble the performance of major product lines. Thus, the primary, and most useful, disaggregation of
 our contract revenue for decision making purposes is the disaggregation by segment which can be found in Note 20, Segment Information of our Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements in Part II, Item
 8 of the Annual Report on Form 10-K. An additional disaggregation of contract revenue by sales channel can be found within Note 20 as well.

40 

Table of Contents 

Derivative Instruments Currency Forward Contracts

We use foreign currency forward contracts to hedge a portion of our exposure to changes in foreign currency exchange rates from time to time. We account for our forward contracts under
 the provisions of ASC 815, Derivatives and Hedging. Under our policy, as amended, we may hedge up to 100 of our anticipated purchases of inventory in the denominated invoice currency over a forward period not to exceed twelve months. We may
 also, from time to time, hedge up to 100 of our non-inventory purchases in the denominated invoice currency. Forward contracts that qualify as hedges are adjusted to their fair value through other comprehensive income as determined by market
 prices on the measurement date. Gains and losses on these contracts are transferred from other comprehensive income into inventory as the related inventories are received and are transferred to net income as inventory is sold . Changes in fair value of any contracts that do not qualify for hedge accounting or are not designated as hedges are recognized in income currently. 

Derivative Instruments - Interest Rate Swaps

We enter into interest rate swap contracts to manage interest rate risk and reduce the volatility of future cash flows. We account for interest rate swap contracts under the provisions of ASC 815, Derivatives and
 Hedging. Swap contracts that qualify as hedges are adjusted to their fair value through other comprehensive income as determined by market prices on the measurement date. Gains and losses on these swap contracts are transferred from other
 comprehensive income into net income upon settlement of the derivative position or at maturity of the interest rate swap contract. Changes in fair value of any contracts that do not qualify for hedge accounting or are not designated as hedges are
 recognized currently in income.

Goodwill and Other Intangible Assets

We follow the provisions of ASC 350, Intangibles Goodwill and Other in accounting for goodwill and other intangible assets. Goodwill is tested for impairment annually on December 31, or more
 frequently if certain indicators are present, in accordance with ASC 350-20-35 and ASC 350-30-35, respectively.

When testing goodwill for impairment, we have the option to first perform qualitative testing to determine whether it is more likely than not that the fair value of a reporting unit is
 less than its carrying value. If we choose not to complete a qualitative assessment for a given reporting unit or if the initial assessment indicates that it is more likely than not that the carrying value of a reporting unit exceeds its
 estimated fair value, additional quantitative testing is required. If the carrying value of a reporting unit exceeds its fair value, an impairment loss is recognized in the amount by which the carrying value of the reporting unit exceeds its fair
 value, limited to the amount of goodwill at the reporting unit. We determine fair values for each of the reporting units using a combination of the income approach and/or market approach. Under the income approach, fair value is determined based on
 the present value of estimated future cash flows, discounted at an appropriate risk-adjusted rate. Under the market approach, we select peer sets based on close competitors and review the revenue and EBITDA multiples to determine the fair value.
 See Note 10, Goodwill and Other Intangible Assets of our Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements in Part II, Item 8 of the Annual Report on Form 10-K for further information on goodwill.

Indefinite-lived intangible assets are tested for impairment at least annually; however, these tests are performed more frequently when events or changes in circumstances indicate that the asset may be impaired.
 Impairment exists when carrying value exceeds fair value. The Company s fair value methodology is primarily based on the relief from royalty approach. See Note 10, Goodwill and Other Intangible Assets of
 our Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements in Part II, Item 8 of the Annual Report on Form 10-K for further information on intangible assets.

Definite-lived intangible assets are amortized over their estimated useful lives, generally on a straight-line basis for periods ranging primarily from 3.5 to 15 years. The Company continually evaluates the
 reasonableness of the useful lives of these assets.

Fair Value

GAAP establishes a framework for measuring fair value. That framework provides a fair value hierarchy that prioritizes the inputs to valuation techniques used to measure fair value. The hierarchy gives the highest
 priority to unadjusted quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities (Level 1) and the lowest priority to unobservable inputs (Level 3). The three levels of the fair value hierarchy under GAAP are described below:

Level 1 Inputs to the valuation methodology are unadjusted quoted prices for identical assets or liabilities in active markets at the measurement date.

Level 2 Inputs to the valuation methodology include: quoted prices for similar assets or liabilities in active markets; quoted prices for identical or similar assets or liabilities in inactive markets;
 inputs other than quoted prices that are observable for the asset or liability; and inputs that are derived principally from or corroborated by observable market data by correlation or other means.

Level 3 Unobservable inputs that reflect management s best estimate of what market participants would use in pricing the asset or liability at the measurement date.

41 

Table of Contents 

Income Taxes

We account for income taxes under ASC 740. We record the effects of income taxes under the liability method in which deferred income tax assets and liabilities are recognized based on the difference
 between the financial and tax basis of assets and liabilities using the enacted tax rates in effect for the years in which the differences are expected to reverse. We assess our ability to realize future benefits of deferred tax assets by
 determining if they meet the more likely than not criteria in ASC 740, Income Taxes. If we determine that future benefits do not meet the more likely than not criteria, a valuation allowance is recorded.

Stock-Based Compensation

We measure stock compensation costs related to our stock options using the fair value-based method under the provisions of ASC 718, Compensation Stock Compensation, which requires compensation cost
 for stock options to be recognized based on the fair value of stock options granted. We determine the fair value of these awards using the Black-Scholes option pricing model.

We grant performance-based restricted stock units PRSU subject to both performance-based and service-based vesting conditions. The fair value of each PRSU is our stock price on the date of grant.
 For purposes of recognizing compensation expense as services are rendered in accordance with ASC 718, we assume all employees involved in the PRSU grant will provide service through the end of the performance period. Stock compensation expense is
 recorded based on the probability of achievement of the performance conditions specified in the PRSU grant.

We grant restricted stock units RSU subject to service-based vesting conditions. The fair value of each RSU is our stock price on the date of grant. We recognize compensation expense as services
 are rendered in accordance with ASC 718. Stock compensation expense is recorded over the service period in the RSU grant.

Accounts Receivable

Accounts receivable are recognized at their net realizable value. All accounts receivable are trade-related and are recorded at the invoiced amount and do not bear interest. We maintain allowances for
 doubtful accounts receivable for estimated uncollectible invoices resulting from the customer s inability to pay, which may result in write-offs. We recorded an allowance for doubtful accounts of 0.1 million and 0.3 million at December 31, 2022
 and 2021, respectively.

Inventories

Inventories are stated at the lower of cost or net realizable value. Cost is determined using the first-in, first-out FIFO method. Leaf tobacco is presented in current assets in accordance with
 standard industry practice, notwithstanding the fact that such tobaccos are carried longer than one year for the purpose of curing. We recorded an inventory valuation allowance of 4.5 million and 7.7 million at December 31, 2022 and 2021,
 respectively.

42 

Table of Contents 

Results of Operations

Summary

The table and discussion set forth below relates to our consolidated results of operations for the years ended December 31 (in thousands):

For the year ended December 31,

2022

2021

Change

2020

Change

Consolidated Results of Operations Data:

Net sales

Zig-Zag products

190,403

176,491

7.9

132,812

32.9

Stoker s products

130,826

124,280

5.3

115,866

7.3

NewGen products

93,784

144,700

-35.2

156,433

-7.5

Total net sales

415,013

445,471

-6.8

405,111

10.0

Cost of sales

209,475

227,637

-8.0

215,121

5.8

Gross profit

Zig-Zag products

106,576

102,739

3.7

78,278

31.2

Stoker s products

71,254

68,084

4.7

61,764

10.2

NewGen products

27,708

47,011

-41.1

49,948

-5.9

Total gross profit

205,538

217,834

-5.6

189,990

14.7

Selling, general, and administrative expenses

130,024

127,513

2.0

125,563

1.6

Operating income

75,514

90,321

-16.4

64,427

40.2

Interest expense, net

19,524

20,500

-4.8

13,487

52.0

Investment loss (gain)

13,303

6,673

99.4

(198

-3470.2

Goodwill and intangible impairment loss

27,566

-

NM

-

NM

Gain on extinguishment of debt

(885

(2,154

-58.9

-

NM

Net periodic benefit cost, excluding service cost

-

-

NM

989

-100.0

Income before income taxes

16,006

65,302

-75.5

50,149

30.2

Income tax expense

4,849

14,040

-65.5

11,957

17.4

Consolidated net income

11,157

51,262

-78.2

38,192

34.2

Net loss attributable to non-controlling interest

(484

(797

-39.3

-

NM

Net income attributable to Turning Point Brands, Inc.

11,641

52,059

-77.6

38,192

36.3

Comparison of Year Ended December 31, 2022, to Year Ended December 31, 2021

Net Sales . For the year ended December 31, 2022, overall net sales decreased to 415.0 million from 445.5 million for
 the year ended December 31, 2021, a decrease of 30.5 million or 6.8 . The decrease in net sales was primarily driven by decreased sales volume in the NewGen segment.

For the year ended December 31, 2022, net sales in the Zig-Zag Products segment increased to 190.4 million from 176.5 million for the year ended December 31, 2021, an increase of 13.9 million or
 7.9 . For the year ended December 31, 2022, Zig-Zag Products volumes increased 6.4 , and price/mix increased 1.5 . The increase in net sales was by led by double-digit growth in sales of U.S. rolling papers and e-commerce, other smoking
 accessories, and Canadian businesses partially offset by a double-digit decline in the wraps business.

For the year ended December 31, 2022, net sales in the Stoker s Products segment increased to 130.8 million from 124.3 million for the year ended December 31, 2021, an increase of 6.5 million or
 5.3 . For the year ended December 31, 2022, Stoker s Products volume decreased 2.6 and price/mix increased 7.9 . The increase in net sales was driven by the continuing double-digit growth of Stoker s MST offset by high single-digit decline in loose-leaf chewing tobacco. MST represented 66 of Stoker s Products revenue in 2022, up from 63 a year
 earlier.

For the year ended December 31, 2022, net sales in the NewGen products segment decreased to 93.8 million from 144.7 million for the year ended December 31, 2021, a decrease of 50.9 million or
 35.2 . The decrease in net sales was primarily the result of declines in the vape distribution businesses as a result of the changing regulatory environment.

Gross Profit. For the year ended December 31, 2022, overall gross profit decreased to 205.5 million from 217.8 million for the year ended December 31, 2021, a
 decrease of 12.3 million or 5.6 . Gross profit as a percentage of net sales increased to 49.5 for the year ended December 31, 2022, from 48.9 for the year ended December 31, 2021. The increase in gross profit as a percentage of net sales was
 driven by product mix.

For the year ended December 31, 2022, gross profit in the Zig-Zag Products segment increased to 106.6 million from 102.7 million for the year ended December 31, 2021, an increase of 3.8 million or
 3.7 . Gross profit as a percentage of net sales decreased to 56.0 of net sales for the year ended December 31, 2022, from 58.2 of net sales for the year ended December 31, 2021. The decrease in gross profit as a percentage of net sales is a
 result of product mix including the launch of our CLIPPER lighters business which operates at lower gross profit margins.

For the year ended December 31, 2022, gross profit in the Stoker s Products segment increased to 71.3 million from 68.1 million for the year ended December 31, 2021, an increase of 3.2 million or
 4.7 . Gross profit as a percentage of net sales decreased to 54.5 of net sales for the year ended December 31, 2022, from 54.8 of net sales for the year ended December 31, 2020. The decrease in gross profit as a percentage of net sales is
 primarily a result of product mix shift including mix of discount loose-leaf products.

43 

Table of Contents 

For the year ended December 31, 2022, gross profit in the NewGen segment decreased to 27.7 million from 47.0 million for the year ended December 31, 2021, a decrease of 19.3 million or 41.1 . Gross
 profit as a percentage of net sales decreased to 29.5 of net sales for the year ended December 31, 2022, from 32.5 of net sales for the year ended December 31, 2021, primarily as a result of product mix and the highly promotional environment.

Selling, General and Administrative Expenses . For the year ended December 31, 2022, selling, general and administrative
 expenses increased to 130.0 million from 127.5 million for the year ended December 31, 2021, an increase of 2.5 million or 2.0 . Selling, general, and administrative expenses for the year ended December 31, 2022, included 5.3 million of stock
 options, restricted stock and incentives expense, 0.8 million of transaction expenses, 3.4 million of restructuring expenses, 2.0 million of ERP/CRM expenses and 4.6 million of expense related to PMTA. Selling, general, and administrative
 expenses for the year ended December 31, 2021, included 7.6 million of stock options, restricted stock and incentives expense, 1.3 million of transaction expenses, 0.9 million of restructuring expenses and 1.7 million of expense related to
 PMTA. The increase in selling, general and administrative expenses is a result of increased PMTA spend in 2022 and expenses related to of our new ERP/CRM system.

Interest Expense, net. For the year ended December 31, 2022, interest expense, on a net basis, decreased to 19.5 million from 20.5 million for the year ended
 December 31, 2020, primarily as a result of interest income earned on our cash balance in 2022 that offset the interest expense.

Investment Loss . For the year ended December 31, 2022, investment loss
 increased to 13.3 million compared to 6.7 million of investment loss for the year ended December 31, 2021, primarily as a result of impairments of our investments. See Note 11, Other
 Assets of our Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements in Part II, Item 8 of the Annual Report on Form 10-K for additional information on the investment
 impairments. 

Goodwill and Intangible Impairment Loss. For the year ended December 31, 2022, Goodwill and intangible impairment loss was 27.6
 million primarily as a result of fully impairing the goodwill balance of the NewGen reporting unit. For the year ended December 31, 2021 there was no Goodwill and intangible impairment loss. See Note 10, Goodwill and Other Intangible
 Assets of our Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements in Part II, Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K for further information on goodiwll and intangible assets.

Gain on Extinguishment of Debt. For the year ended December 31, 2022, gain on extinguishment of debt was 0.9 million as a result of the repurchase of 10.0
 million principal of our Convertible Senior Notes at a discount. For the year ended December 31, 2021, gain on extinguishment of debt was 2.2 million as a result of forgiveness of the unsecured loan issued to us under the Coronavirus Aid, Relief,
 and Economic Security Act of 2020 (the CARES Act partially offset by the repayment of the 2018 First Lien Credit Facility.

Income Tax Expense. The Company s income tax expense was 4.8 million, or 30.3 of income before income taxes, for the year ended December 31, 2022. The
 Company s income tax expense was 14.0 million, or 21.5 of income before income taxes, for the year ended December 31, 2021, and included discrete tax deductions of 7.5 million related to the forgiveness of the 7.5 million unsecured loan and
 7.2 million relating to stock option exercises during the year.

Net Loss Attributable to Non-Controlling Interest. Net loss attributable to non-controlling interest was 0.5 million for the year ended December 31, 2022,
 compared to 0.8 million for the year ended December 31, 2021.

Net Income Attributable to Turning Point Brands, Inc . Due to the factors described above, net income attributable to
 Turning Point Brands, Inc. for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, was 11.6 million and 52.1 million, respectively.

Comparison of Year Ended December 31, 2021, to Year Ended December 31, 2020

Net Sales . For the year ended December 31, 2021, overall net sales increased to 445.5 million from 405.1 million for
 the year ended December 31, 2020, an increase of 40.4 million or 10.0 . The increase in net sales was primarily driven by increased sales volume in the Zig-Zag Products segment.

For the year ended December 31, 2021, net sales in the Zig-Zag Products segment increased to 176.5 million from 132.8 million for the year ended December 31, 2020, an increase of 43.7 million or
 32.9 . For the year ended December 31, 2022, Zig-Zag Products volumes increased 29.7 , and price/mix increased 3.2 . The increase in net sales was by led by double-digit growth in sales of our MYO cigar wraps and U.S. rolling papers business. This
 growth was complemented by our Canadian business which benefited from the consolidation of Turning Point Brands Canada in the current year period.

For the year ended December 31, 2021, net sales in the Stoker s Products segment increased to 124.3 million from 115.9 million for the year ended December 31, 2020, an increase of 8.4 million or
 7.3 . For the year ended December 31, 2022, Stoker s Products volume increased 1.3 and price/mix increased 6.0 . The increase in net sales was driven by the continuing double-digit growth of Stoker s MST offset by low single-digit decline in loose-leaf chewing tobacco. MST represented 63 of Stoker s Products revenue in 2022, up from 59 a year
 earlier.

44 

Table of Contents 

For the year ended December 31, 2021, net sales in the NewGen segment decreased to 144.7 million from 156.4 million for the year ended December 31, 2020, a decrease of 11.7 million or 7.5 . The
 decrease in net sales was primarily the result of declines in the vape distribution businesses as a result of strong B2C orders during stay-at-home provisions in the prior year as well as the changing regulatory environment.

Gross Profit. For the year ended December 31, 2021, overall gross profit increased to 217.8 million from 190.0 million for the year ended December 31, 2020,
 an increase of 27.8 million or 14.7 . Gross profit as a percentage of net sales increased to 48.9 for the year ended December 31, 2022, from 46.9 for the year ended December 31, 2020. The increase in gross profit as a percentage of net sales was
 driven by increased margin in the Stoker s Products segment as a result of strong incremental margin contribution of MST.

For the year ended December 31, 2021, gross profit in the Zig-Zag Products segment increased to 102.7 million from 78.3 million for the year ended December 31, 2020, an increase of 24.5 million or
 31.2 . Gross profit as a percentage of net sales decreased to 58.2 of net sales for the year ended December 31, 2021, from 58.9 of net sales for the year ended December 31, 2020. The decrease in gross profit as a percentage of net sales is a
 result of the consolidation of Turning Point Brands Canada in the current year period which operates at lower margins than our traditional business.

For the year ended December 31, 2021, gross profit in the Stoker s Products segment increased to 68.1 million from 61.8 million for the year ended December 31, 2020, an increase of 6.3 million or
 10.2 . Gross profit as a percentage of net sales increased to 54.8 of net sales for the year ended December 31, 2021, from 53.3 of net sales for the year ended December 31, 2020. The increase in gross profit as a percentage of net sales is
 primarily a result of pricing and strong incremental margin contribution of MST.

For the year ended December 31, 2021, gross profit in the NewGen segment decreased to 47.0 million from 49.9 million for the year ended December 31, 2020, a decrease of 2.9 million or 5.9 . NewGen
 gross profit includes 1.1 million of tariff expenses in 2022 compared to 10.1 million in 2020. Gross profit as a percentage of net sales increased to 32.5 of net sales for the year ended December 31, 2021, from 31.9 of net sales for the year
 ended December 31, 2020, primarily as a result of increased margins in the vape distribution businesses.

Selling, General and Administrative Expenses . For the year ended December 31, 2021, selling, general and administrative
 expenses increased to 127.5 million from 125.6 million for the year ended December 31, 2020, an increase of 2.0 million or 1.6 . Selling, general, and administrative expenses for the year ended December 31, 2021, included 7.6 million of stock
 options, restricted stock and incentives expense, 1.3 million of transaction expenses, 0.9 million of restructuring expenses and 2.6 million of expense related to PMTA. Selling, general, and administrative expenses for the year ended December
 31, 2020, included 2.6 million of stock options, restricted stock and incentives expense, 3.1 million of transaction expenses, 0.5 million of restructuring expenses and 14.4 million of expense related to PMTA. The increase in selling, general
 and administrative expenses is a result of variable costs in our online business as well as increased shipping costs from PACT Act implementation for vape products and higher freight rates across all segments combined with the impact of the
 consolidation of Turning Point Brands Canada in the current year period.

Interest Expense, net. For the year ended December 31, 2021, interest expense, on a net basis, increased to 20.5 million from 13.5 million for the year ended
 December 31, 2020, primarily as a result the issuance of the Senior Secured Notes and related refinancing of the 2018 First Lien Credit Facility which increased the Company s outstanding debt.

Investment Loss (Income) . For the year ended December 31, 2021, investment loss increased to 6.7 million compared to
 0.2 million of investment income for the year ended December 31, 2020, primarily as a result of 7.1 million impairment of our investment in dosist. See Note 11, Other Assets of our Notes to the
 Consolidated Financial Statements in Part II, Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K for additional information on the dosist investment.

(Gain) Loss on Extinguishment of Debt. For the year ended December 31, 2021, gain on extinguishment of debt was 2.2 million as a result of forgiveness of the
 unsecured loan issued to us under the Coronavirus Aid, Relief, and Economic Security Act of 2020 (the CARES Act partially offset by the repayment of the 2018 First Lien Credit Facility. For the year ended December 31, 2020, there was no loss on
 extinguishment of debt.

Net Periodic Benefit Cost (Income), excluding service cost. For the year ended December 31, 2021, there was no net periodic benefit cost or income. For the year
 ended December 31, 2020, net periodic cost was 0.9 million primarily as a result of the curtailment from the shutdown of the pension plan.

Income Tax Expense. The Company s income tax expense was 14.0 million, or 21.5 of income before income taxes, for the year ended December 31, 2022, and
 included discrete tax deductions of 7.5 million related to the forgiveness of the 7.5 million unsecured loan and 7.2 million relating to stock option exercises during the year. The Company s income tax expense was 12.0 million, or 23.8 of
 income before income taxes, for the year ended December 31, 2020, and included a discrete tax deduction of 3.3 million relating to stock option exercises during the year and a discrete tax benefit of 0.6 million from the shutdown of the pension
 plan.

45 

Table of Contents 

Net Loss Attributable to Non-Controlling Interest. Net loss attributable to non-controlling interest was 0.8 million for the year ended December 31, 2021,
 compared to 0.0 million for the year ended December 31, 2020.

Net Income Attributable to Turning Point Brands, Inc . Due to the factors described above, net income attributable to
 Turning Point Brands, Inc. for the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020, was 52.1 million and 38.2 million, respectively.

EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA

To supplement our financial information presented in accordance with U.S. GAAP, we use non-U.S. GAAP financial measures including EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA. We believe Adjusted EBITDA provides useful information to
 management and investors regarding certain financial and business trends relating to our financial condition and results of operations. Adjusted EBITDA is used by management to compare our performance to that of prior periods for trend analyses and
 planning purposes and is presented to our Board of Directors. We believe that EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA are appropriate measures of operating performance because they eliminate the impact of expenses that do not relate to operating performance. In
 addition, our debt instruments contain covenants which use Adjusted EBITDA calculations.

We define EBITDA as net income before interest expense, loss on extinguishment of debt, provision for income taxes, depreciation, and amortization. We define Adjusted EBITDA as net income before interest expense,
 loss (gain) on extinguishment of debt, income tax expense, depreciation, amortization, other non-cash items, and other items we do not consider ordinary course in our evaluation of ongoing operating performance.

Non-U.S. GAAP measures should not be considered a substitute for, or superior to, financial measures calculated in accordance with U.S. GAAP. Adjusted EBITDA excludes significant expenses required to be recorded in
 our financial statements by U.S. GAAP and is subject to inherent limitations. Other companies in our industry may calculate this non-U.S. GAAP measure differently than we do or may not calculate it at all, limiting its usefulness as a comparative
 measure. The table below provide a reconciliation between net income, EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA.

(in thousands)

Years ended December 31,

2022

2021

2020

Consolidated net income

11,641

52,059

38,192

Add:

Interest expense, net

19,524

20,500

13,487

Gain on extinguishment of debt

(885

(2,154

-

Income tax expense

4,849

14,040

11,957

Depreciation expense

3,388

3,105

3,237

Amortization expense

1,911

1,907

1,781

EBITDA

40,428

89,457

68,654

Components of Adjusted EBITDA

Corporate and vapor restructuring (a)

3,444

1,026

517

ERP/CRM (b)

1,962

-

-

Stock options, restricted stock, and incentives expense (c)

5,273

7,557

2,555

Transactional expenses and strategic initiatives (d)

801

1,267

3,087

FDA PMTA (e)

4,554

1,668

14,435

Non-cash asset impairment (f)

41,136

7,100

-

Other (g)

-

-

988

Adjusted EBITDA

97,598

108,075

90,236

(a) Represents costs associated with corporate and vape restructuring, including severance.

(b) Represents cost associated with scoping and mobilization of new ERP and CRM systems and cost of duplicative ERP licenses.

(c) Represents non-cash stock options, restricted stock, incentives expense and Solace performance stock units.

(d) Represents the fees incurred for transaction expenses.

(e) Represents costs associated with applications related to FDA premarket tobacco product application PMTA ).

(f) Represents impairment of goodwill, intangible and investment assets.

(g) Represents non-cash pension expense (income) and foreign exchange hedging.

46 

Table of Contents 

Liquidity and Capital Resources

Our principal uses for cash are working capital, debt service, and capital expenditures. We believe our cash flows from operations and borrowing availability under our New Revolving Credit Facility
 are adequate to satisfy our operating cash requirements for the foreseeable future.

Our working capital, which we define as current assets less cash and current liabilities, increased 29.4 million to 109.9 million at December 31, 2022, compared with 80.5 million at December 31,
 2021. The increase in working capital is primarily due to increased inventory levels at December 31, 2022.

As of

(in thousands)

December 31,

 2022

December 31,

 2021

Current assets

151,251

120,849

Current liabilities

41,376

40,336

Working capital

109,875

80,513

During the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, we invested 7.7 million and 6.2 million, respectively, in capital expenditures. We had unrestricted cash on hand of 106.4 million and 128.3
 million as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. We had restricted assets of 31.0 million and 34.7 million as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Restricted assets consist of escrow deposits under the MSA and insurance deposits.
 On the 25 th anniversary of each annual deposit, we are entitled to receive reimbursement of the principal amount of escrow remaining for that year. See Master
 Settlement Agreement below for details.

Cash Flows from Operating Activities

For the year ended December 31, 2022, net cash provided by operating activities decreased to 30.3 million from 68.2 million for the year ended December 31, 2021, a decrease of 37.9 million or 56 ,
 primarily due to changes in working capital including an increase in inventory.

For the year ended December 31, 2021, net cash provided by operating activities increased to 68.2 million from 43.7 million for the year ended December 31, 2020, an increase of 24.5 million or 56 ,
 primarily due to higher net income due to increased sales combined with the timing of changes in working capital.

Cash Flows from Investing Activities

For the year ended December 31, 2022, net cash used in investing activities decreased to 18.8 million from 58.8 million for the year ended December 31, 2021, a decrease of 40.0 million or 68 ,
 primarily due to the decrease in acquisitions and investments.

For the year ended December 31, 2021, net cash used in investing activities decreased to 58.8 million from 64.8 million for the year ended December 31, 2020, a decrease of 6.0 million or 9.0 ,
 primarily due to the decrease in acquisitions partially offset by the purchase of investments in our MSA escrow account which reflects the change in restricted cash.

Cash Flows from Financing Activities

For the year ended December 31, 2022, net cash used in financing activities was 43.3 million compared to net cash provided by financing activities of 57.1 million for the year ended December 31,
 2021, a decrease of 100.4 million or 176 , primarily due to the net proceeds from the Senior Secured Notes partially offset by the repayment in full of the 2018 First Lien Term Loan in the first quarter of 2021.

For the year ended December 31, 2021, net cash provided by financing activities was 57.1 million compared to net cash used in financing activities 29.3 million for the year ended December 31, 2020,
 an increase of 86.4 million or 295 , primarily due to the net proceeds from the Senior Secured Notes partially offset by the repayment in full of the 2018 First Lien Term Loan in the first quarter of 2021 with the proceeds of the Senior Secured
 Notes and the repurchase of 38.7 million of common stock during 2021.

47 

Table of Contents 

Long-Term Debt

Notes payable and long-term debt consisted of the following at December 31, 2022 and 2021, in order of preference:

December 31,

 2022

December 31,

 2021

Senior Secured Notes

250,000

250,000

Convertible Senior Notes

162,500

172,500

Gross notes payable and long-term debt

412,500

422,500

Less deferred finance charges

(5,743

(8,328

Net notes payable and long-term debt

406,757

414,172

Senior Secured Notes

On February 11, 2021, we closed a private offering (the Offering of 250 million aggregate principal amount of our 5.625 senior secured notes due 2026 (the Senior Secured Notes ). The Senior
 Secured Notes bear interest at a rate of 5.625 and will mature on February 15, 2026. Interest on the Senior Secured Notes is payable semi-annually in arrears on February 15 and August 15 of each year, commencing on August 15, 2021. We used the
 proceeds from the Offering (i) to repay all obligations under and terminate the 2018 First Lien Credit Facility, (ii) to pay related fees, costs, and expenses and (iii) for general corporate purposes.

Obligations under the Senior Secured Notes are guaranteed by the Company s existing and future wholly-owned domestic subsidiaries (the Guarantors that guarantee any Credit Facility (as defined in
 the Indenture governing the Senior Secured Notes or the Senior Secured Notes Indenture ), including the 2021 Revolving Credit Facility, or capital markets debt securities of the Company or Guarantors in excess of 15.0 million. The Senior
 Secured Notes and the related guarantees are secured by first-priority liens on substantially all of the assets of the Company and the Guarantors, subject to certain exceptions.

The Company may redeem the Senior Secured Notes, in whole or in part, at any time prior to February 15, 2023, at the redemption prices (expressed as a percentage of the
 principal amount to be redeemed) set forth below, plus accrued and unpaid interest, if any, on the Senior Secured Notes to be redeemed to (but not including) the applicable redemption date if redeemed during the period indicated below:

On or after February 15, 2023

102.813

On or after February 15, 2024

101.406

On or after February 15, 2025 and thereafter

100.000

If we experience a change of control (as defined in the Senior Secured Notes Indenture), we must offer to repurchase the Senior Secured Notes at a repurchase price equal to 101 of the principal
 amount of the Notes to be repurchased, plus accrued and unpaid interest.

The Senior Secured Notes Indenture contains covenants that, among other things, limit the ability of the Company and its restricted subsidiaries to: (i) grant or incur liens; (ii) incur, assume or
 guarantee additional indebtedness; (iii) sell or otherwise dispose of assets, including capital stock of subsidiaries; (iv) make certain investments; (v) pay dividends, make distributions or redeem or repurchase capital stock; (vi) engage in
 certain transactions with affiliates; and (vii) consolidate or merge with or into, or sell substantially all of our assets to another entity. These covenants are subject to a number of limitations and exceptions set forth in the Indenture. The
 Indenture provides for customary events of default.

We incurred debt issuance costs attributable to the issuance of the Senior Secured Notes of 6.4 million which are amortized to interest expense using the effective interest method over the expected
 life of the Senior Secured Notes.

2021 Revolving Credit Facility

In connection with the Offering, we also entered into a new 25 million senior secured revolving credit facility (the 2021 Revolving Credit Facility with the lenders party
 thereto (the Lenders and Barclays Bank PLC, as administrative agent and collateral agent (in such capacity, the Agent ). The 2021 Revolving Credit Facility provides for a revolving line of credit of up to 25.0 million. Letters of credit
 are limited to 10 million (and are a part of, and not in addition to, the revolving line of credit). We have not drawn any borrowings under the 2021 Revolving Credit Facility but do have letters of credit of approximately 3.6 million
 outstanding under the facility. The 2021 Revolving Credit Facility will mature on August 11, 2025 if none of our Convertible Senior Notes are outstanding, and if any Convertible Senior Notes are outstanding, the date which is 91 days prior to
 the maturity date of July 15, 2024 for such Convertible Senior Notes. 

48 

Table of Contents 

Interest is payable on the 2021 Revolving Credit Facility at a fluctuating rate of interest determined by reference to the Eurodollar rate plus an applicable margin of 3.50 (with step-downs upon
 de-leveraging). We also have the option to borrow at a rate determined by reference to the base rate.

The obligations under the 2021 Revolving Credit Agreement are guaranteed on a joint and several basis by the Guarantors. The Company s and Guarantors obligations under the 2021 Revolving Credit
 Facility are secured on a pari passu basis with the Senior Secured Notes.

The 2021 Revolving Credit Agreement contains covenants that are substantially the same as the covenants in the Senior Secured Notes Indenture. The 2022 Revolving Credit Facility also requires the
 maintenance of a Consolidated Leverage Ratio (as defined in the 2021 Revolving Credit Agreement) of 5.50 to 1.00 (with a step down to 5.25 to 1.00 beginning with the fiscal quarter ending March 31, 2023) at the end of each fiscal quarter when
 extensions of credit under the 2021 Revolving Credit Facility and certain drawn and undrawn letters of credit (excluding (a) letters of credit that have been cash collateralized and (b) letters of credit having an aggregate face amount less than
 5,000,000) in the aggregate outstanding exceeds 35 of the total commitments under the 2021 Revolving Credit Facility.

We incurred debt issuance costs attributable to the issuance of the 2021 Revolving Credit Facility of 0.5 million which are amortized to interest expense using the effective interest method over
 the expected life of the 2021 Revolving Credit Facility.

The 2021 Revolving Credit Agreement provides for customary events of default.

Convertible Senior Notes

In July 2019 we closed an offering of 172.5 million in aggregate principal amount of our Convertible Senior Notes. The Convertible Senior Notes bear interest at a rate of 2.50 per year, payable
 semiannually in arrears on January 15 and July 15 of each year, beginning on January 15, 2020. The Convertible Senior Notes will mature on July 15, 2024, unless earlier repurchased, redeemed or converted. The Convertible Senior Notes are senior
 unsecured obligations.

In the fourth quarter 2022, our wholly owned subsidiary purchased 10.0 million in aggregate principal of our Convertible Senior Notes on the open market for 9.0 million that remain in the Treasury
 and may be redeemed suspect to compliance with applicable securities law. The transaction resulted in a 0.9 million gain on extinguishment of debt. As of December 31, 2022, 162.5 million in aggregate principal amount remains outstanding.

The Convertible Senior Notes are convertible into approximately 3,029,699 shares of our voting common stock under certain circumstances prior to maturity at a conversion rate of 18.6443 shares per
 1,000 principal amount of the Convertible Senior Notes, which represents a conversion price of approximately 53.64 per share, subject to adjustment under certain conditions, but will not be adjusted for any accrued and unpaid interest. Upon
 conversion, we may pay cash, shares of our common stock or a combination of cash and stock, as determined by us at our discretion. The conditions required to allow the holders to convert their Convertible Senior Notes were not met as of December
 31, 2022.

The indenture covering the Convertible Senior Notes contains customary events of default.

We incurred debt issuance costs attributable to the Convertible Senior Notes of 5.9 million which are amortized to the interest expense using the effective interest method over the expected life of
 the Convertible Senior Notes.

In connection with the Convertible Senior Notes offering, we entered into privately negotiated capped call transactions with certain financial institutions. The capped call transactions have a strike
 price of 53.64 per and a cap price of 82.86 per, and are exercisable when, and if, the Convertible Senior Notes are converted. We paid 20.53 million for these capped calls and charged that amount to additional paid-in capital.

Distribution Agreements

For a description of our material distribution agreements, see Item 1 Business Distribution and Supply Agreements. 

Master Settlement Agreement

On November 23, 1998, the major U.S. cigarette manufacturers, Philip Morris USA, Inc., Brown Williamson Tobacco Corporation, Lorillard Tobacco Company and R.J. Reynolds Tobacco
 Company, entered into the MSA with attorneys general representing states that agreed to settle certain recovery actions (the Settling States ). In order to be in compliance with the MSA and subsequent states statutes, we were required to fund
 an escrow account with each of the Settling States based on the number of cigarettes or cigarette equivalents (which is measured by pounds of MYO cigarette smoking tobacco) sold in such state. We discontinued our generic category of MYO
 in 2019 and our Zig-Zag branded MYO cigarette smoking tobacco in 2017. Thus, pending a change in MSA
 legislation, we have no remaining product lines covered by the MSA and will not be required to make future escrow deposits. Each year s deposit will be released from escrow after 25 years. We are scheduled to
 begin receiving payments as our escrow deposits are released from escrow beginning in 2024. 

49 

Table of Contents 

The following table summarizes our escrow deposit balances (in thousands) by sales year as of:

Sales

Deposits as of December 31,

Year

2022

2021

1999

211

211

2000

1,017

1,017

2001

1,673

1,673

2002

2,271

2,271

2003

4,249

4,249

2004

3,714

3,714

2005

4,553

4,553

2006

3,847

3,847

2007

4,167

4,167

2008

3,364

3,364

2009

1,619

1,619

2010

406

406

2011

193

193

2012

199

199

2013

173

173

2014

143

143

2015

101

101

2016

91

91

2017

82

82

Total

32,073

32,073

Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements

During 2022 , we executed various foreign exchange contracts for the purchase of 28.9 million and sale of 28.9 million with maturity dates ranging from August 2022 to June 2023.
 At December 31, 2022, we had foreign currency contracts for the purchase of 18.5 million and sale of 18.5 million. The fair value of the foreign currency contracts were based on quoted market prices and resulted in an asset of 1.2 million
 included in Other current assets and liability of 0.0 million included in Accrued liabilities at December 31, 2022. We had no interest rate swap contracts at December 31, 2022. During 2021, we did not execute
 any foreign exchange contracts. 

Future Cash Requirements

The Company s primary future cash requirements will be to fund operations, lease payments, debt service and capital expenditures. The Company s contractual obligations primarily include long-term debt
 and lease obligations. For information regarding our long-term debt obligations and cash payment obligations thereunder, please see Note 13, Notes Payable and Long-Term Debt of our Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements in Part II, Item 8
 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. For information regarding our lease obligations and cash payment obligations thereunder, please see Note 16, Lease Commitments in the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements in Part II, Item 8 of this
 Annual Report on Form 10-K.

In 2022, we spent 29.2 million to repurchase 1,021,052 shares at an average price of 28.62 per share and had 27.2 million of authorization remaining under our Board approved repurchase program.

Inflation

Inflation in general and the recent rapid increases in costs of goods and services, such as food and gas prices have had a substantial negative effect on the purchasing power of consumers. While
 historically, we have been able to pass on most cost increases to our consumers, no assurance can be given that we will continue to be able to do so. In addition, we have been able to maintain a relatively stable variable cost structure for our
 products due, in part, to our successful procurement with regard to our tobacco products and, in part, to our existing contractual agreement for the purchase of our premium cigarette papers.

50 

Table of Contents 

Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 

Foreign Currency Sensitivity

Our inventory purchases from RTI are denominated in euros. Accordingly, we have exposure to potentially adverse movements in the euro exchange rate. In addition, RTI provides a contractual hedge
 against catastrophic currency fluctuation in our agreement. We do not use derivative financial instruments for speculative trading purposes, nor do we hedge our foreign currency exposure in a manner that offsets the effects of changes in foreign
 exchange rates.

We regularly review our foreign currency risk and hedging programs and may as part of that review determine at any time to change our hedging policy. During 2022 , we executed
 various foreign exchange contracts for the purchase of 28.9 million and sale of 28.9 million with maturity dates ranging from August 2022 to June 2023. At December 31, 2022, we had foreign currency contracts for the purchase of 18.5 million and
 sale of 18.5 million. A 10 change in the euro to U.S. dollars exchange rate would change pre-tax income by approximately 2.1 million per year. 

Credit Risk

At December 31, 2022 and 2021, we had bank deposits, including MSA escrows, in excess of federally insured limits of approximately 105.2 million and 137.2 million, respectively. The Company has
 chosen to invest a portion of the MSA escrows, from time to time, in U.S. Government securities including Treasury notes and Treasury bonds.

We sell our products to distributors, retail establishments, and individual consumers throughout the U.S. and also have sales of Zig-Zag premium cigarette papers in Canada. In 2022, 2021, and 2020, we had no customers that accounted for more than 10 of our net sales. We perform periodic credit
 evaluations of our customers and generally do not require collateral on trade receivables. Historically, we have not experienced significant losses due to customer credit issues.

Interest Rate Sensitivity

In February 2021, we issued the Senior Secured Notes in an aggregate principal amount of 250 million. In July 2019, we issued Convertible Senior Notes in an aggregate principal amount of 172.5
 million. We carry the Senior Secured Notes and Convertible Senior Notes at face value. Since the Senior Secured Notes and Convertible Senior Notes bear interest at a fixed rate, we have no financial statement risk associated with changes in
 interest rates. However, the fair value of the Senior Secured Notes and Convertible Senior Notes change when the market price of our stock fluctuates, or interest rates change.

51 

Table of Contents 

Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 

TURNING POINT BRANDS, INC.

CONTENTS

Page

Reports of RSM US LLP (PCAOB ID: 49 

53

Financial Statements:

Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 

57 

Consolidated Statements of Income for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020 

58

Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021,
 and 2020 

59

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020 

60

Consolidated Statements of Changes in Stockholders Equity for the years ended December 31,
 2022, 2021, and 2020 

62

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

63

52 

Table of Contents 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting
 Firm

To the Stockholders and the Board of Directors of Turning Point Brands, Inc.

Opinion on the Financial Statements

We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Turning Point Brands, Inc. and its subsidiaries (the Company) as of
 December 31, 2022 and 2021, the related consolidated statements of income, comprehensive income, changes in stockholders equity and cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022, and the related notes to the
 consolidated financial statements (collectively, the financial statements). In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results
 of its operations and its cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America.

We have also audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the
 Company s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated
 Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission in 2013. Our report dated March 15, 2023 expressed an opinion that the Company had not maintained effective internal control over financial
 reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of
 Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission in 2013.

Basis for Opinion

These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the
 Company s financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules
 and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB.

We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audits to
 obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial
 statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also
 included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion.

Critical Audit Matter

The critical audit matter communicated below is a matter arising from the current period audit of the financial statements that were
 communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that: (1) relate to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (2) involved especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The
 communication of a critical audit matter does not alter in any way our opinion on the financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matter below, providing a separate opinion on the critical audit
 matter or on the accounts or disclosures to which they relate.

Goodwill Impairment Analysis for the NewGen Reporting Unit

As described in Note 10 to the financial statements, the Company impaired the goodwill balance of its NewGen reporting unit, and reported an
 impairment loss of 25.6 million for the year ended December 31, 2022, and as described in Note 2 to the financial statements, goodwill is tested for impairment, at the reporting unit level, at least annually on December 31 or more frequently
 if indicators of impairment require the performance of an interim impairment assessment. To test goodwill for impairment, management compared the estimated fair value of the reporting unit, which was determined using a combination of an income
 approach, the discounted cash flow method, and a market approach, the guideline public company, with the carrying value of the reporting unit, including goodwill. Based on the amount by which the carrying value of the NewGen reporting unit
 exceeded its estimated fair value, the reporting unit s goodwill balance was determined to be fully impaired.

53 

Table of Contents 

We identified the goodwill impairment assessment for the NewGen reporting unit as a critical audit matter because of the significant
 estimates and assumptions used by management when estimating the fair value of this reporting unit, including management s forecasts of expected revenue growth rates, management s selection of the discount rate, management s estimate of the
 terminal value, and management s selection of guideline public companies. Auditing management s estimates and assumptions involved a high degree of auditor judgment and increased audit effort, including the use of our valuation specialists,
 due to the impact these assumptions have on the estimated fair value of the NewGen reporting unit for goodwill impairment testing.

Our audit procedures related to the assessment of goodwill impairment for the NewGen reporting unit included the following,
 among others:

Evaluated the reasonableness of management s forecasts of revenue growth rates by comparing the projections to
 historical results and to publicly available market data.

Tested the accuracy of management s estimation process by comparing current year results to prior year estimates . 

We utilized valuation specialists to assist in the following, among others:

o

Evaluating the appropriateness of the valuation methods used by management and testing the mathematical accuracy of
 the calculations. 

o

Evaluating the appropriateness of the methodology used by management to estimate the terminal value, comparing the inputs used by management to
 estimate the terminal value to market data, and testing the mathematical accuracy of the calculation.

o

Evaluating the reasonableness of the discount rate by comparing the underlying source information to publicly available market data and testing the
 mathematical accuracy of the calculation.

/s/ 

We have served as the Company s auditor since 2006.

March 15, 2023 

54 

Table of Contents 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm

To the Stockholders and the Board of Directors of Turning Point Brands, Inc.

Opinion on the Internal Control Over Financial Reporting

We have audited Turning Point Brands, Inc. s (the Company) internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on
 criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway
 Commission in 2013. In our opinion, because of the effect of the material weaknesses described below on the achievement of the objectives of the control criteria, the Company has not maintained effective internal control over financial reporting
 as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring
 Organizations of the Treadway Commission in 2013.

We have also audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the
 consolidated balance sheets as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the related consolidated statements of income, comprehensive income, changes in stockholders equity and cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022,
 and the related notes to the consolidated financial statements of the Company and our report dated March 15, 2023 expressed an unqualified opinion.

A material weakness is a deficiency, or a combination of deficiencies, in internal control over financial reporting, such that
 there is a reasonable possibility that a material misstatement of the company s annual or interim financial statements will not be prevented or detected on a timely basis. The following material weaknesses have been identified and included in
 management s assessment:

There were deficiencies in the design and operation of information technology general controls ITGCs in the areas of user
 access and program change-management over certain information technology IT systems that support the Company s financial reporting processes. The business process
 controls (automated and manual) that are dependent on the affected ITGCs were also deemed ineffective because they could have been adversely impacted . 

There were deficiencies in the design and operation of controls associated with the risk assessment component of the Company s
 internal control framework, specifically as it relates to identifying risks around segregation of duties within the financial reporting function, and the identification of all risks relating to the financial statements and controls that would
 address such risks. This impacts business process controls (automated and manual) throughout financial reporting and the business transaction cycles.

These material weaknesses were considered in determining the nature, timing and extent of audit tests applied in our audit of the
 2022 financial statements, and this report does not affect our report dated March 15, 2023 on those financial statements. 

Basis for Opinion

The Company s management is responsible for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting and for its assessment of
 the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting in the accompanying Management s Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s internal control over financial
 reporting based on our audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the
 Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB.

We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to
 obtain reasonable assurance about whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. Our audit included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk
 that a material weakness exists, and testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk. Our audit also included performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the
 circumstances. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion.

55 

Table of Contents 

Definition and Limitations of Internal Control Over Financial Reporting

A company s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability
 of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures
 that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary
 to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the
 company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition of the company s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements.

Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also,
 projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate.

/s/ RSM US LLP

Richmond, Virginia 

March 15, 2023 

56 

Table of Contents 

Turning Point Brands, Inc. and Subsidiaries

Consolidated Balance Sheets 

December 31, 2022 and 2021

(dollars in thousands except share data)

December 31,

December 31,

2022

2021

ASSETS

Current assets:

Cash

Accounts receivable, net of allowances of in 2022 and in 2021 

Inventories

Other current assets

Total current assets

Property, plant, and equipment, net

Deferred income taxes 

Right of use assets

Deferred financing costs, net

Goodwill

Other intangible assets, net

Master Settlement Agreement (MSA) escrow deposits

Other assets

Total assets

LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY

Current liabilities:

Accounts payable

Accrued liabilities

Current portion of long-term debt

Other current liabilities

Total current liabilities

Notes payable and long-term debt

Lease liabilities

Total liabilities

Commitments and contingencies

Stockholders equity:

Preferred stock; par value; authorized shares ; issued and outstanding
 shares - -

Common stock, voting, par value; authorized shares, ; issued shares, 
 outstanding shares at December 31, 2022 , and issued shares, outstanding shares at December 31,
 2021 

Common stock, nonvoting, par value; authorized shares, ; issued and
 outstanding shares - -

Additional paid-in capital

Cost of repurchased common stock shares at December 31, 2022 and shares at December
 31, 2021)

Accumulated other comprehensive loss

Accumulated earnings 

Non-controlling interest

Total stockholders equity

Total liabilities and stockholders equity

The accompanying notes are an integral part of the consolidated financial statements.

57 

Table of Contents 

Turning Point Brands, Inc. and Subsidiaries

Consolidated Statements of Income 

for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020

(dollars in thousands except share data)

For the year ended December 31,

2022

2021

2020

Net sales

Cost of sales

Gross profit

Selling, general, and administrative expenses

Operating income

Interest expense, net

Investment loss (gain)

Goodwill and intangible impairment loss 

Gain on extinguishment of debt

Net periodic benefit cost, excluding service cost

Income before income taxes

Income tax expense

Consolidated net income

Net loss attributable to non-controlling interest 

Net income attributable to Turning Point Brands, Inc. 

Basic income per common share:

Net income attributable to Turning Point Brands, Inc.

Diluted income per common share:

Net income attributable to Turning Point Brands, Inc.

Weighted average common shares outstanding:

Basic

Diluted

The accompanying notes are an integral part of the consolidated financial statements.

58 

Table of Contents 

Turning Point Brands, Inc. and Subsidiaries

Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income 

for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020

(dollars in thousands)

For the year ended December 31,

2022

2021

2020

Consolidated net income

Other comprehensive income (loss), net of tax

Amortization of unrealized pension and postretirement gain (loss), net of tax of in 2022 , in 2021 , and in 2020 

Unrealized (loss) gain on MSA investments, net of tax of in 2022 and in 2021 and in 2020 

Foreign currency translation, net of tax of in 2022, 2021 and 2020

Unrealized gain (loss) on derivative instruments, net of tax of in 2022 , in 2021 and in 2020 

Consolidated comprehensive income 

Comprehensive loss attributable to non-controlling interest 

Comprehensive income attributable to Turning Point Brands, Inc.

The accompanying notes are an integral part of the consolidated financial statements.

59 

Table of Contents 

Turning Point Brands, Inc. and Subsidiaries

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 

for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020

(dollars in thousands)

For the year ended December 31,

2022

2021

2020

Cash flows from operating activities:

Consolidated net income

Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash provided by operating activities:

Gain on extinguishment of debt

Pension settlement and curtailment loss

(Gain) loss on sale of property, plant, and equipment

Impairment loss

Loss on goodwill impairment

Loss on intangible asset impairment

Loss on investments

Depreciation expense

Amortization of other intangible assets

Amortization of deferred financing costs

Deferred income taxes

Stock compensation expense

Noncash lease (income) expense

Gain on MSA escrow deposits 

Changes in operating assets and liabilities:

Accounts receivable

Inventories

Other current assets

Other assets

Accounts payable

Accrued postretirement liabilities

Accrued liabilities and other

Net cash provided by operating activities

Cash flows from investing activities:

Capital expenditures

Acquisitions, net of cash acquired

Payments for investments

Restricted cash, MSA escrow deposits

Proceeds on sale of property, plant and equipment

Net cash used in investing activities

60 

Table of Contents 

Turning Point Brands, Inc. and Subsidiaries

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows (cont.)

for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020

(dollars in thousands)

For the year ended December 31,

2022

2021

2020

Cash flows from financing activities:

Proceeds from Senior Notes

Payments of 2018 first lien term loan

Settlement of interest rate swaps

Payments of Convertible Senior Notes

Proceeds from call options

Payment of promissory note

Payment of IVG note

Proceeds from unsecured note

Standard Diversified Inc. reorganization, net of cash acquired

Payment of dividends

Payments of financing costs

Exercise of options

Redemption of options

Surrender of restricted stock

Common stock repurchased

Net cash provided by (used in) financing activities

Net increase (decrease) in cash

Effect of foreign currency translation on cash

Cash, beginning of period:

Unrestricted

Restricted

Total cash at beginning of period

Cash, end of period:

Unrestricted

Restricted

Total cash at end of period

Supplemental disclosures of cash flow information:

Cash paid during the period for interest

Cash paid during the period for income taxes, net

Supplemental schedule of noncash financing activities:

Issuance of note payable for acquisition

Dividends declared not paid

The accompanying notes are an integral part of the consolidated financial statements.

61 

Table of Contents 

Turning Point Brands, Inc. and Subsidiaries

Consolidated Statements of Changes in Stockholders Equity 

for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020

(dollars in thousands)

Accumulated

Common 

Additional 

Cost of

Other 

Accumulated 

Non-

Voting 

Stock,

Paid-In

Repurchased 

Comprehensive 

Earnings 

Controlling 

Shares

Voting

Capital

Common Stock

Income (Loss)

(Deficit)

Interest

Total

Beginning balance January 1, 2020 

Unrecognized pension and postretirement cost adjustment, net of tax of 

-

Unrealized loss on derivative instruments, net of tax of 

-

Stock compensation expense

-

Exercise of options

Redemption of options

-

Cost of repurchased common stock

Standard Diversified Inc. reorganization, net

Dividends

- 

ReCreation acquisition

- 

Net income

-

Ending balance December 31, 2020 

Unrealized loss on MSA investments, net of tax of 

- 

Unrealized gain on derivative instruments, net of tax of 

-

Foreign currency translation, net of tax of 

- 

Stock compensation expense

-

Exercise of options

Redemption of options

-

Cost of repurchased common stock 

Acquisition of ReCreation Marketing interest

-

Dividends

-

Net income

-

Ending balance December 31, 2021 

Unrealized loss on MSA investments, net of tax of 

-

Unrealized gain on derivative instruments, net of tax of 

-

Foreign currency translation, net of tax of 

- 

Stock compensation expense

-

Exercise of options

Redemption of options

-

Issuance of performance based restricted stock units

Redemption of performance based restricted stock units

- 

Issuance of restricted stock units

Redemption of restricted stock units

- 

Cost of repurchased common stock

Settlement of call options, net of tax of 

-

Dividends

-

Net income

-

Ending balance December 31, 2022 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of the consolidated financial statements.

62 

Table of Contents 

Turning Point Brands, Inc. and Subsidiaries

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements

(dollars in thousands, except where designated and per share data)

focus segments are led by our core, proprietary brands: Zig-Zag and CLIPPER in the Zig-Zag Products segment; Stoker s along with Beech-Nut and Trophy in the Stoker s Products segment; along with our distribution
 platforms Vapor Beast , VaporFi and Direct Vapor in the NewGen Products segment. The Company s products are available in more than ,000 retail outlets in North America. We operate in segments: (i) Zig-Zag Products, (ii) Stoker s Products, and (iii) NewGen Products .

equity interest, additional subordinated financing provided by the Company to Turning Point Brands Canada and the distribution agreement with Turning Point Brands Canada for the sale of the
 Company s products that makes up a significant portion of Turning Point Brands Canada s business activities. 

63 

Table of Contents 

of its anticipated purchases of inventory in the denominated invoice currency over a
 forward period not to exceed . The Company may also, from time to time, hedge up to of its non-inventory purchases in the denominated invoice currency. Foreign currency contracts that qualify as hedges are adjusted to their fair value through other
 comprehensive income as determined by market prices on the measurement date. Gains and losses on these foreign currency contracts are transferred from other comprehensive income into inventory 
 as the related inventories are received and are transferred to net income as inventory is sold . Changes in fair value of any contracts that do not qualify for hedge accounting or
 are not designated as hedges are recognized currently in income.

million, million, and million in 2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively.

million, 
 million, and million in 2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively.

64 

Table of Contents 

to years for machinery, equipment and furniture, 
 to years for leasehold improvements, and up to years for buildings and building improvements). Expenditures for repairs and maintenance are charged to expense as incurred. The costs of major renewals and improvements are capitalized and
 depreciated over their estimated useful lives. Upon disposition of fixed assets, the costs and related accumulated depreciation amounts are relieved. Any resulting gain or loss is reflected in operations during the period of disposition. Long-lived
 assets are reviewed for impairment when changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of an asset may not be recoverable.

to . The Company continually evaluates the reasonableness of the useful lives of these assets.

65 

Table of Contents 

million, million, and million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively.

66 

Table of Contents 

states, certain U.S. territories, and the District of Columbia are parties to the Master Settlement Agreement MSA and the Smokeless Tobacco Master Settlement
 Agreement STMSA ). To the Company s knowledge, signatories to the MSA include cigarette manufacturers and/or distributors. The only
 signatory to the STMSA is US Smokeless Tobacco Company. In the Company s opinion, the fundamental basis for each agreement is the states consents to withdraw all claims for monetary, equitable, and injunctive relief against certain tobacco products
 manufacturers and others and, in return, the signatories have agreed to certain marketing restrictions and regulations as well as certain payment obligations.

from the year of each annual deposit, except to withdraw funds deposited pursuant to an individual state s escrow statute to pay a final judgment to that state s plaintiffs
 in the event of such a final judgment against the company. Either option becoming an MSA signatory or establishing an escrow account is permissible.

million, the fair value of which was approximately 
 million. At December 31, 2021, the Company had on deposit approximately million, the fair value of which was approximately million. The drop in fair value was due to increasing interest rates affecting the fair value of US government securities held in the MSA escrow
 account. Inputs to the valuation methodology of the MSA escrow deposits when funds are invested include unadjusted quoted prices for identical assets or liabilities in active
 markets at the measurement date. During 2022, monies were deposited into this qualifying escrow account. The investment vehicles
 available to the Company are specified in the state escrow agreements and are limited to low-risk government securities.

67 

Table of Contents 

U.S. Governmental agency
 obligations (unrealized position 12 months)

Total

One to five years

Five to ten years

Greater than ten years

Total

2000

2001

2002

2003

2004

2005

2006

2007

2008

2009

2010

2011

2012

2013

2014

2015

2016

2017

Total

68 

Table of Contents 

categories of tobacco products 
 cigarettes, cigarette tobacco, roll-your-own tobacco, and smokeless tobacco. On August 8, 2016, the FDA deeming regulation became effective. The deeming regulation gave the FDA the authority to also regulate cigars, pipe tobacco, e-cigarettes,
 vaporizers, e-liquids, and other nicotine-containing tobacco-derived products as deemed tobacco products under the FSPTCA.

classes
 of regulated tobacco products and computes user fees using a methodology similar to the methodology used by the U.S Department of Agriculture to compute the Tobacco Transition Payment Program TTPP, also known as the Tobacco Buyout assessment.
 First, the total, annual, congressionally established user fee assessment is allocated among the various classes of tobacco products using the federal excise tax weighted market share of tobacco products subject to regulation. Then, the assessment
 for each class of tobacco products is divided among individual manufacturers and importers.

69 

Table of Contents 

rules related to the Substantial Equivalence process and the Premarket Tobacco Product Application process, respectively, which both became effective November 4, 2021. Both final rules (collectively, the Rules indicate that any new or
 additional requirements will not retroactively apply to currently pending PMTAs for tobacco and tobacco-derived products; however, the information outlined in the rule remains important to the FDA s substantive review of an application. The FDA
 has yet to indicate how it might apply these Rules to NTN Product filings. We believe we have products that meet the Rules and have filed premarket filings supporting a showing of the respective required standards. However, there is no assurance
 that the FDA s guidance or regulations will not change, or that the FDA will not prioritize its enforcement in a manner that negatively affects our pending applications, or that unforeseen circumstances will not arise that prevent us from
 sufficiently supplementing or completing our applications or otherwise increases the amount of time and money we are required to spend to receive all necessary marketing orders. Although we filed many premarket applications in a timely manner, no
 assurance can be given that the applications will ultimately be successful. This may result in the prioritization of supplementing or completing applications for high priority SKUs in our inventory position, which could adversely impact future
 revenues generated by lower priority SKUs.

tobacco product standards related to combusted tobacco products: (1) a ban on menthol as a characterizing flavor in cigarettes; and (2) a ban on
 all characterizing flavors (including menthol) in cigars. On June 21, 2022, the FDA also issued a proposed product standard related to restricting the level of nicotine in traditional cigarettes. These product standards are required to go through
 the formal rulemaking process where we have the opportunity to comment on the proposed rule with regard to any impact on any of our products. The FDA s policy on these and other regulated products may change or expand over time in ways not yet
 known and may significantly impact our products or our premarket filings.

million and million, respectively. During 2022 and 2021, the Company
 invested a portion of the MSA escrow accounts in U.S. Government securities including TIPS, Treasury notes, and Treasury bonds.

customers that accounted for more than 10 of net sales for 2022, 2021, or 2020. The Company performs periodic credit evaluations of its customers and generally does not require collateral
 on trade receivables. Historically, the Company has not experienced significant credit losses.

70 

Table of Contents 

Additions to allowance account during period

Deductions of allowance account during period

Balance at end of period

million in total consideration, comprised of million in
 cash and million of capitalized transaction costs. The acquired assets are comprised of a portfolio of cigarillo products and all
 related intellectual property, including Cigarillo Non-Tip NT Homogenized Tobacco Leaf HTL products and Rolled Leaf and Natural Leaf Cigarillo Products. The transaction was accounted for as an asset purchase with million assigned to intellectual property, which has an indefinite life, and million assigned to inventory. The intellectual property asset is deductible for tax purposes.

of the equity interests of Westhem Ventures LTD d/b/a Direct Value Wholesale DVW for 
 million, net of cash acquired, with million paid in cash at closing and million in accrued consideration paid during 2021. DVW is a Canadian distribution entity that operates in markets not primarily served by Turning Point Brands Canada. The
 acquisition expands Turning Point Brands Canada s markets in Canada. On April 13, 2021, in connection with the acquisition of DVW, the Company provided a 
 million unsecured loan to Turning Point Brands Canada bearing interest at per annum and maturing April 13, 2023. The unsecured loan
 is eliminated in the consolidation of Turning Point Brands Canada. The following table summarizes the consideration transferred and calculation of goodwill based on excess of the acquisition price over the estimated fair value of the identifiable
 net assets acquired:

Adjustments to consideration transferred:

Cash acquired

Accrued consideration

Adjusted consideration transferred

Assets acquired:

Working capital (primarily AR and inventory)

Fixed assets and Other long term assets

Net assets acquired

Goodwill

million consists of the synergies expected from combining the operations and is deductible for tax purposes.

million in Turning Point Brands Canada increasing its ownership interest to . The Company received board seats aligned with its ownership position. The Company has determined that Turning Point Brands Canada continues to be a VIE due to its required
 subordinated financial support. The Company has determined it remains the primary beneficiary due to its 65 equity interest, additional subordinated financing and distribution agreement with Turning Point Brands Canada for the sale of the
 Company s products. As a result of the Company remaining the primary beneficiary, the increase in ownership interest resulted in a decrease in Non-controlling interest of million and a decrease in Additional paid-in capital of 
 million. 

71 

Table of Contents 

of its anticipated purchases of inventory over a forward period that will not exceed 
 rolling and consecutive months. The Company may, from time to time, hedge currency for non-inventory purchases, e.g., production equipment, not to exceed of the purchase price. During 2022, the Company executed various foreign exchange contracts, which met hedge accounting requirements for the purchase of million and sale of million.
 The Company did t execute any foreign exchange contracts during 2021. 

million and sale of million. The foreign currency contracts fair
 value at December 31, 2022, resulted in an asset of million included in Other current assets and a liability of million included in Accrued liabilities. At December 31, 2021, the Company had forward contracts. Losses of million were reclassified from Accumulated
 other comprehensive loss to Cost of sales for the years ended December 31, 2022. There were amounts reclassified from Accumulated other comprehensive loss in 2021 or 2020.

million with an expiration of December 2022. The swap agreements fixed LIBOR at . The swap agreements met the hedge accounting requirements; thus, any change in fair value was recorded to other comprehensive income. The Company uses the Shortcut Method to account
 for the swap agreements. The Shortcut Method assumes the hedge to be perfectly effective. Losses of million and million were reclassified into interest expense 
 for the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020, respectively. The Company terminated the interest rate swap agreements in conjunction with the prepayment of all outstanding amounts under the 2018 First Lien Credit Facility (as defined below) in the
 first quarter of 2021 with an early termination payment made by the Company in the amount of million which was reclassified out of
 accumulated other comprehensive loss into loss on extinguishment of debt.

per year. As of December 31, 2022, the fair value approximated million, with a carrying value of 
 million. As of December 31, 2021, the fair value approximated million with a carrying value of million.

per year. As of December 31, 2022, the fair value approximated million, with a carrying value of 
 million. As of December 31, 2021, the fair value approximated million, with a carrying value of million.

million and sale of million. The fair value of the foreign exchange
 contracts are based upon quoted market prices for similar instruments, thus leading to a Level 2 classification within the fair value hierarchy, and resulted in an asset of million and a liability of million as of December 31, 2022. At December 31, 2021, the Company had 
 foreign currency contracts. As there were open contracts as of December 31, 2021, there is resulting balance sheet position related to the fair value. 

72 

Table of Contents 

Leaf tobacco

Finished goods - Zig-Zag Products

Finished goods - Stoker s Products

Finished goods - NewGen Products

Other

Inventories

Charged to cost and expense

Deductions for inventory disposed

Balance at end of period

Insurance deposit

Prepaid taxes

Other

Total

Buildings and improvements

Leasehold improvements

Machinery and equipment

Furniture and fixtures

Gross property, plant and equipment

Accumulated depreciation

Net property, plant and equipment

73 

Table of Contents 

and , respectively

Acquisitions

Cumulative translation adjustment 

Balance as of December 31, 2021 

Acquisitions

Impairment 

Cumulative translation adjustment 

Balance as of December 31, 2022 

million included in Goodwill and intangible impairment loss for the year ended December 31, 2022. Continued regulatory uncertainty in the vape
 industry, along with revised views of recovery in the vape industry based on a leadership change in the fourth quarter 2022, resulted in the impairment.

74 

Table of Contents 

Formulas

Total

million included in Goodwill and intangible impairment loss for the year ended December 31, 2022. The
 circumstances giving rise to this impairment are consistent with those resulting in the NewGen goodwill impairment discussed above. As a result of such circumstance, as of January 1, 2023 the Company will begin to amortize this trade name over its
 estimated useful life of years and transferred the asset to amortized intangible assets consistent with its other trade names.

- years)

Trade names (useful life of years)

Master distribution agreement (useful life of years)

Franchise agreements (useful life of years)

Non-compete agreements (useful life of years)

Total

million related to the franchise agreements intangible asset within the NewGen segment included in Goodwill and intangible impairment loss for the year ended December 31, 2022. The Company exited the franchise
 business and determined that the intangible asset was fully impaired.

million for 2023 and 2024 and million for 2025
 through 2027, assuming no additional transactions occur that require the amortization of intangible assets.

Debt security investment 

Other

Total

million in Docklight Brands, Inc., a pioneering consumer products company with celebrated brands including Marley Natural cannabis and Marley CBD. The Company has additional follow-on investment rights.
 As part of the investment, the Company has obtained exclusive U.S. distribution rights for Docklight s Marley CBD topical products. Purchases of inventory from Docklight Brands, Inc. were million and million in 2022 and 2021, respectively. There were amounts payable to Docklight Brands,
 Inc. at December 31, 2022 and 2021.

75 

Table of Contents 

stake in Wild Hempettes LLC Wild Hempettes ), a leading manufacturer of
 hemp cigarettes under the WildHemp and Hempettes brands, for million. The Company has options to increase its stake to a ownership position based on certain milestones. As part of the transaction, the Wild Hempettes joint venture was spun off from Crown Distributing LLC and formed as a vehicle for the Company to be the exclusive
 distributor of Hempettes to U.S. bricks and mortar retailers under a profit-sharing arrangement. The Company has provided Wild Hempettes with a secured line of credit up to million with a term up to years. The Company accounts for its investment in Wild Hempettes as an equity method investment.
 The Company recorded investment loss of million
 and income million for years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Purchases of inventory from Wild Hempettes was million and million in 2022 and 2021, respectively. There were amounts payable to Wild Hempettes at December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

million in dosist TM , a global cannabinoid company. The Company
 received a warrant exercisable for preferred shares of dosist TM that will automatically be exercised upon the changing of certain federal cannabis laws in the U.S.,
 rescheduling cannabis and/or permitting the general cultivation, distribution and possession of cannabis in the U.S.. In the fourth quarter 2021, based on the financial results of dosist TM and the overall cannabinoid market, the Company deemed our investment was impaired resulting in the fair value of our investment decreasing to million resulting in a loss of million which was recorded in investment loss for the year ended December 31, 2021. In the second and fourth quarters of 2022, based on contemplated sales of the assets of dosist TM ,
 the Company deemed its investment was impaired resulting in decreasing of the fair value of the investment to million and , respectively. These impairments resulted in a loss of 
 million which is recorded in investment loss for the year ended December 31, 2022. Fair value was determined using a valuation derived from a relevant market index (Level 2) and relevant revenue multiples (Level 3). The valuations were probability
 weighted based on anticipated outcomes. Given the significance of the Level 3 input to the valuation, the Company has determined that the non-recurring valuation resulted in a Level 3 classification within the fair value hierarchy. There were purchases of inventory from dosist TM in 2022 or 2021. 

million in BOMANI Cold Buzz, LLC BOMANI ), a manufacturer of alcohol-infused cold brew coffee. The Company received rights to receive equity in BOMANI in the event of an equity financing. There were purchases of inventory from BOMANI in 2022 or 2021.

and fully impaired the
 investment. The impairment resulted in a loss of million which is recorded in investment loss for the year ended December 31, 2022.
 There were purchases of inventory from Real Brands in 2022 or 2021. There were amounts payable to Real Brands at December 31, 2022 and 2021.

million. There were 
 amounts payable to General Wireless Operations, Inc. at December 31, 2022 and 2021.

million in Old
 Pal Holding Company LLC Old Pal ). In July 2022, the Company invested an additional million in Old Pal. The Company invested in
 the form of a convertible note which includes additional follow-on investment rights. The accrued interest of million was rolled
 into the note in July 2022 resulting in a total investment of million. Old Pal is a leading brand in the cannabis lifestyle space
 that operates a non-plant touching licensing model. The convertible note bears an interest rate of per year and matures July 31,
 2026. Interest and principal are receivable at maturity. Old Pal has the option to extend the maturity date in increments.
 The interest rate is subject to change based on sales levels of Old Pal meeting certain thresholds. The weighted average interest rate was 
 for the year ended December 31, 2022. Old Pal has the option to convert the note into shares once sales reach a certain threshold. The conditions required to
 allow Old Pal to convert the note were not met as of December 31, 2022. Additionally, the Company has the right to convert the note into shares at any time after January 1, 2022. The Company has classified the debt security with Old Pal as
 available for sale. The Company records the debt security at fair value and includes unrealized gains and losses recorded in stockholders equity as a component of accumulated other comprehensive income on our Consolidated Balance
 Sheets. The Company reports interest income on available for sale debt securities, in interest income in our Consolidated Statements of Income. Quarterly, we perform a qualitative assessment to determine if the fair value of the investment could
 be less than the amortized cost basis. The fourth quarter 2022 qualitative assessment determined that the fair value of the investment could be less than the amortized cost basis and therefore the Company performed a quantitative assessment of
 the fair value of the investment. The fair value as of December 31, 2022 was determined to be million based on a Monte Carlo
 simulation (Level 3). The Company determined that the impairment was a result of credit related factors and, as such, recorded an allowance for credit losses of million which is included in investment loss for the year ended December 31, 2022. The Company has recorded accrued
 interest receivable of million at December 31, 2022, in other current assets on our Consolidated Balance Sheets. 

76 

Table of Contents 

Customer returns and allowances

Taxes payable

Lease liabilities

Accrued interest

Other

Total

Convertible Senior Notes

Gross notes payable and long-term debt

Less deferred finance charges

Net notes payable and long-term debt

million aggregate principal amount of its senior
 secured notes due 2026 (the Senior Secured Notes ). The Senior Secured Notes bear interest at a rate of and will mature on . Interest on the Senior Secured Notes is payable semi-annually in arrears on February 15 and August 15 of each year, commencing on
 August 15, 2021. The Company used the proceeds from the Offering to (i) repay all obligations under and terminate the 2018 First Lien Credit Facility, (ii) pay related fees, costs, and expenses and (iii) for general corporate purposes.

million. The Senior Secured Notes and the related guarantees are secured by first-priority
 liens on substantially all of the assets of the Company and the Guarantors, subject to certain exceptions.

On or after February 15, 2024

On or after February 15, 2025 and thereafter

of the principal amount of the Notes to be repurchased, plus accrued and
 unpaid interest.

million which are amortized to interest expense using the effective interest method over the expected life of the Senior Secured Notes.

77 

Table of Contents 

million senior secured revolving credit facility (the 2021 Revolving Credit Facility with the lenders party thereto (the Lenders and Barclays Bank PLC, as
 administrative agent and collateral agent (in such capacity, the Agent ). The 2021 Revolving Credit Facility provides for a revolving line of credit of up to million. Letters of credit are limited to million (and are a part of, and not in addition
 to, the revolving line of credit). The Company has t drawn any borrowings under the 2021 Revolving Credit Facility but does have
 letters of credit of approximately million outstanding under the facility. The 2021 Revolving Credit Facility will mature on if none of the Company s Convertible Senior Notes are outstanding, and if any Convertible Senior Notes are outstanding, the date which
 is days prior to the maturity date of July 15, 2024 for such Convertible Senior Notes.

(with step-downs upon de-leveraging). The Company also has the option to borrow at a rate determined by
 reference to the base rate.

to 1.00 (with a step down to to 1.00 beginning with the fiscal quarter ending March 31, 2023) at the end of each fiscal quarter
 when extensions of credit under the 2021 Revolving Credit Facility and certain drawn and undrawn letters of credit (excluding (a) letters of credit that have been cash collateralized and (b) letters of credit having an aggregate face amount less
 than ,000,000) in the aggregate outstanding exceeds of the total commitments under the 2021 Revolving Credit Facility. The 2021 Revolving Credit Agreement provides for customary events of default.

million which are amortized to interest expense using the effective interest method over the expected life of the 2021 Revolving Credit Facility.

million of
 credit facilities consisting of a million 2018 First Lien Term Loan and a million 2018 Revolving Credit Facility (collectively, the 2018 First Lien Credit Facility ), in each case, with Fifth Third Bank, as administrative agent, and other lenders,
 in addition to a million 2018 Second Lien Term Loan (the 2018 Second Lien Credit Facility, and, together with the 2018 First Lien
 Credit Facility, the 2018 Credit Facility with Prospect Capital Corporation, as administrative agent, and other lenders. The 2018 Credit Facility contained a million accordion feature. In
 the first quarter 2021, the Company used a portion of the proceeds from the issuance of the Senior Secured Notes to prepay all outstanding amounts under and terminate the 2018 First Lien Credit Facility in the amount of million, and the transaction resulted in a 
 million loss on extinguishment of debt, which includes a million loss from the early termination of the interest rate swap
 agreement. 

million in aggregate principal amount of its Convertible Senior Notes due (the Convertible Senior Notes ). The Convertible Senior Notes bear interest at a rate of per year, payable semiannually in arrears on January 15 and July 15 of each year, beginning on January 15, 2020. The Convertible Senior Notes will mature on , unless earlier repurchased, redeemed or converted. The Convertible Senior Notes are senior unsecured obligations of the Company.

million in aggregate principal of its Convertible Senior Notes on the open market for million that remain in the Treasury and may be redeemed subject to compliance with applicable securities law. The transaction resulted in a million gain on extinguishment of debt. As of December 31, 2022, 
 million aggregate principal remains outstanding. The Convertible Senior Notes are convertible into approximately 
 shares of our voting common stock under certain circumstances prior to maturity at a conversion rate of shares per principal amount of the Convertible Senior Notes, which represents a conversion price of approximately per share, subject to adjustment under certain conditions, but will not be adjusted for any accrued and unpaid interest. Upon conversion, the Company may pay cash, shares
 of common stock or a combination of cash and stock, as determined by the Company at its discretion. The conditions required to allow the holders to convert their Convertible Senior Notes were not met as of December 31, 2022.

78 

Table of Contents 

million which are amortized to interest expense using the effective interest method over the expected life of the Convertible Senior Notes.

per and a cap price of per, and are exercisable when, and if, the Convertible Senior Notes are converted. The Company paid million for these capped calls and charged that amount to additional paid-in capital.

State and Local

Foreign 

Total

Property, plant, and equipment

Goodwill and other intangible assets

Foreign NOL carryforward

-

-

State NOL carryforward

-

-

Unrealized loss on investments

-

-

Leases

Original issue discount

Other

Gross deferred income taxes

Valuation allowance

-

-

Net deferred income taxes

million, which expire between 2034 and 2042, 
 million of which has an indefinite carryforward period. The Company has determined that, at December 31, 2022 and 2021, its ability to realize future benefits of its state NOL carryforwards does not meet the more likely than not criteria in ASC
 740, Income Taxes. Therefore, a valuation allowance for state NOL carryforwards of million and million has been recorded at December 2022 and 2021, respectively.

t have any
 uncertain tax positions requiring recognition as a result of the provisions of ASC 740-10-25. The Company s policy is to recognize interest and penalties accrued on uncertain tax positions as part of interest expense. For the years ended December 31,
 2022, 2021, and 2020, estimated interest or penalties were recognized for the uncertainty of tax positions taken. The Company files
 income tax returns in the U.S. federal jurisdiction and various state jurisdictions. In general, the Company is no longer subject to U.S. federal and state tax examinations for years prior to 2019.

79 

Table of Contents 

Foreign rate differential 

- 

- 

State taxes

Permanent differences

- 

- 

- 

Other

Valuation allowance

- 

Effective income tax rate

million million tax effected)
 as a result of the forgiveness of the million unsecured loan and million million tax effected) as a result of stock option exercises.
 The permanent differences for the years ended December 31, 2020 are primarily related to income tax benefits of million million tax effected) as a result of stock option exercises. 

Interest cost

Expected return on plan assets

Amortization of (gains) losses

Settlement and Curtailment loss (gain)

Net periodic benefit cost (income)

of their annual earnings subject to certain limitations. For the 2022 and 2021 Plan Years, the Company contributed to those employees contributing 
 or greater. For those employees contributing less than , the Company matched the contribution by . Additionally, for all years presented, the Company made discretionary contributions of to all employees, regardless of an employee s contribution level. Company contributions to this plan were approximately million for 2022, million for 2021 and million for 2020.

80 

Table of Contents 

Selling, general and administrative

Variable lease cost (1) 

Short-term lease cost

Sublease income

Total

Total

Right of use assets - Financing 

Total lease assets

Liabilities:

Current lease liabilities - Operating (2) 

Current lease liabilities 
 - Financing (2) 

Long-term lease liabilities - Operating 

Long-term lease liabilities - Financing 

Total lease liabilities

years 

years

Weighted-average discount rate - operating leases

Weighted-average remaining lease term - financing leases 

years 

years 

Weighted-average discount rate - financing leases 

81 

Table of Contents 

2024

2025

2026

2027

Years thereafter

Total lease payments

Less: Imputed interest

Present value of lease liabilities

2024

2025

2026

Total lease payments

Less: Imputed interest 

Present value of lease liabilities 

shares, plus shares remaining available for issuance under the 2015 Equity Incentive Plan (the 2015 Plan ), of TPB Common Stock
 are reserved for issuance as awards to employees, non-employee directors, and consultants as compensation for past or future services or the attainment of certain performance goals. The 2021 Plan is scheduled to terminate on March 21, 2031. The 2021
 Plan is administered by the compensation committee (the Committee of the Company s Board of Directors. The Committee determines the vesting criteria for the awards, with such criteria to be specified in the award agreement. As of December 31,
 2022, net of forfeitures, there were Restricted Stock Units RSUs ), options and Performance Based Restricted Stock Units PRSUs granted under the 2021 Plan. There are shares available for grant under the 2021 Plan. 

shares of the Company s voting common stock were reserved for issuance as awards to employees, non-employee directors, and consultants as compensation for past or
 future services or the attainment of certain performance goals. The 2015 Plan was scheduled to terminate on April 27, 2026. Upon adoption of the 2021 Plan, the 2015 Plan was terminated, and the Company determined no additional grants would be made
 under the 2015 Plan. However, all awards issued under the 2015 Plan that have not been previously terminated or forfeited remain outstanding and continue unaffected. There are shares available for grant under the 2015 Plan. The 2015 Plan was administrated by the Committee.

82 

Table of Contents 

additional grants would be made under the 2006 Plan. However, all awards issued under the 2006
 Plan that have not been previously terminated or forfeited remain outstanding and continue unaffected. There are shares available for
 grant under the 2006 Plan. 

Granted

Exercised

Forfeited

Outstanding, December 31, 2021

Granted

Exercised

Forfeited

Outstanding, December 31, 2022

million, million, and million, respectively.

options is per share, all of which are exercisable. The weighted
 average of the remaining lives of the outstanding stock options is approximately years for the options with the exercise price. The Company estimates the expected life of these stock options is from the date of grant. For the per share options, the weighted
 average fair value of options was determined using the Black-Scholes model assuming a life from grant date, a current share price
 and exercise price of , a risk-free interest rate of , a volatility of , and assumed dividend yield. Based on these assumptions, the fair value of these options is approximately per share option granted.

Options outstanding at December 31, 2022

Number exercisable at December 31, 2022

Exercise price

Remaining lives

Risk free interest rate

Expected volatility

Expected life

Dividend yield

Fair value at grant date

83 

Table of Contents 

Options outstanding at December 31, 2022

Number exercisable at December 31, 2022

Exercise price

Remaining lives

Risk free interest rate

Expected volatility

Expected life

Dividend yield

Fair value at grant date

million, million and million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. Total unrecognized compensation expense related to options at December 31, 2022, is million, which will be expensed over 
 years.

period. PRSUs will vest on the measurement
 date, which is no more than days after the performance period, provided the applicable service and performance conditions are
 satisfied. At December 31, 2022, there are PRSUs outstanding, of which are unvested. The following table outlines the PRSUs granted and outstanding as of December 31, 2022.

PRSUs outstanding at December 31, 2022

Fair value as of grant date

Remaining lives

- 

-

million, million and million in the consolidated statements of income for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively, based on the probability of achieving the performance
 condition. Total unrecognized compensation expense related to these awards at December 31, 2022, is million, which will be expensed
 over the service period based on the probability of achieving the performance condition.

. At December 31, 2022, there are RSUs outstanding, of which are unvested. 

RSUs outstanding at December 31, 2022

Fair value as of grant date

Remaining lives

million, million and for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. Total unrecognized compensation expense related to RSUs at December 31, 2022, is million, which will be expensed over 
 years.

84 

Table of Contents 

derivative counts for breach of fiduciary duty on TPB s behalf and against the TPB Board of Directors and certain SDI affiliates. The third count
 purports to assert a direct claim against TPB and its Board of Directors based on allegations that TPB s Amended and Restated Bylaws are inconsistent with TPB s certificate of incorporation. On October 26, 2020, the TPB Board of Directors adopted
 Amendment No. 1 to TPB s Amended and Restated Bylaws, which amended the challenged section of the bylaws. On June 30, 2021, the court granted in part and denied in part the defendants motions to dismiss. Among other things, the court dismissed TPB
 director H.C. Charles Diao as a defendant in the action and dismissed the third count of the plaintiff s complaint as moo t. The remaining defendants attended a mediation in late November 2022 where a tentative
 settlement was reached. The impact to the Company is not expected to be material. 

franchisor subsidiaries. Like
 many franchise businesses, in the ordinary course of their business, these subsidiaries are from time-to-time responding parties to arbitration demands brought by franchisees. We have reached an agreement to arbitrate a claim brought by a former
 franchisee. This matter relates to the termination of the franchise agreement by the franchisor for failure to pay franchising fees and our subsequent demand that the franchisee cease using our marks and de-image locations formerly housing the
 franchises. The franchisee is claiming tortious interference and conversion. We believe the franchisor s ultimate termination of the franchise agreement for multiple uncured material defaults by the franchisee was proper. We believe we have good
 and valid substantive defenses against the claims and intend on vigorously defending our interests in this matter.

Denominator

Weighted average

Diluted EPS:

Numerator

Net income attributable to Turning 

 Point Brands, Inc.

Interest expense related to 

 Convertible Senior Notes, net of 

 tax

Diluted consolidated net income

Denominator

Basic weighted average

Convertible Senior Notes (1) 

Stock options

shares issuable upon conversion of the Convertible Senior Notes were excluded from the diluted net income per share calculation because the effect would have
 been antidilutive. 

85 

Table of Contents 

reportable segments, (1) Zig-Zag Products; (2) Stoker s Products; and (3) NewGen Products. The Zig-Zag Products segment markets and distributes (a) rolling papers, tubes, and related products; and (b) finished cigars and MYO cigar wraps and (c) CLIPPER reusable lighters. The Stoker s Products
 segment (a) manufactures and markets moist snuff and (b) contracts for and markets loose-leaf chewing tobacco products. The NewGen segment (a) markets and distributes liquid vapor products and certain other products without tobacco and/or nicotine;
 (b) distributes a wide assortment of products to non-traditional retail outlets via Vapor Beast; and (c) markets and distributes a wide assortment of products to individual consumers via the VaporFi B 2 C online platform. Products in the Zig-Zag Products and Stoker s Products segments are distributed primarily through wholesale distributors in the U.S. and Canada while products in the NewGen segment
 are distributed primarily through e-commerce to non-traditional retail outlets and direct to consumers in the U.S. The Other segment includes the costs and assets of the Company not assigned to one of the reportable segments such as intercompany transfers, deferred taxes,
 deferred financing fees, and investments in subsidiaries. The Company had customer that accounted for more than 10 of net sales in 2022, 2021, or 2020. 

reportable segments in the ordinary course of operations. The Company evaluates the performance of its segments and allocates resources to them
 based on operating income.

Stoker s products

NewGen products

Total

Gross profit

Zig-Zag products

Stoker s products

NewGen products

Total

Operating income (loss)

Zig-Zag products

Stoker s products

NewGen products

Corporate unallocated (1)(2) 

Total

Interest expense, net

Investment loss (income)

Goodwill and intangible impariment loss

Gain on extinguishment of debt

Net periodic benefit (income) cost, excluding service cost

Income before income taxes

Capital expenditures

Zig-Zag products

Stoker s products

NewGen products

Total

Depreciation and amortization

Zig-Zag products

Stoker s products

NewGen products

Total

reportable segments. 

million, million and million in 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 

86 

Table of Contents 

Stoker s products

NewGen products

Corporate unallocated (1) 

Total

reportable segments. All goodwill has been allocated to the reportable segments. 

Business to Consumer - Online

Business to Consumer - Corporate store

Other

Total

Foreign

Total

87 

Table of Contents 

Gross profit

Net income attributable to Turning Point Brands, Inc.

Basic net income attributable to Turning Point Brands, Inc. per share

Diluted net income attributable to Turning Point Brands, Inc. per share

(1) 

2021 

Net sales

Gross profit

Net income attributable to Turning Point Brands, Inc.

Basic net income attributable to Turning Point Brands, Inc. per share

Diluted net income attributable to Turning Point Brands, Inc. per share

shares issuable upon conversion of the Convertible Senior Notes were excluded from the diluted net income per share calculation because
 the effect would have been antidilutive. 

million share repurchase program, which is intended for opportunistic
 execution based upon a variety of factors including market dynamics. The program is subject to the ongoing discretion of the Board. The total number of shares repurchased for the year ended December 31, 2022, was shares for a total cost of 
 million and an average price per share of . On October 25, 2021, the Board increased the approved share repurchase program by million and by another million
 on February 24, 2022. million remains available for share repurchases under the program at December 31, 2022.

88 

Table of Contents 

Item 9. Changes In and Disagreements With Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 

None.

Item 9A. Controls and Procedures 

Disclosure Controls and Procedures

As of December 31, 2022, the Company s management, with participation of the Company s President and Chief Executive Officer CEO and Chief Financial Officer CFO ), evaluated the effectiveness
 of the Company s disclosure controls and procedures as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e). Based on that evaluation, the CEO and CFO concluded that the Company s disclosure controls and procedures were not effective as of
 December 31, 2022, solely due to the material weaknesses in internal control over financial reporting described below.

Internal Control

Pursuant to Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, we have included a report that provides management s assessment of our internal control over financial reporting as part of this Annual
 Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022. Management s report is included below under the caption entitled Management s Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting, and is incorporated herein by reference.

Management s Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting

The consolidated financial statements appearing in this Annual Report have been prepared by the management that is responsible for their preparation, integrity, and fair presentation. The statements
 have been prepared in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles, which requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the amounts reported in the consolidated financial statements and accompanying notes.

Our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934,
 as amended). Our internal control system was designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted
 accounting principles.

All internal control systems, no matter how well designed, have inherent limitations. Therefore, even those systems determined to be effective can provide only reasonable assurance with respect to
 financial statement preparation and presentation. Further, because of changes in conditions, the effectiveness of an internal control system may vary over time.

Under the supervision and with the participation of our management, including our CEO, we conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of December
 31, 2022, based on the framework in Internal Control Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (2013 framework) COSO ICIF ).

A material weakness is defined as a deficiency, or a combination of deficiencies, in internal control over financial reporting, such that there is a reasonable possibility that a material
 misstatement of the Company s annual or interim financial statements will not be prevented or detected on a timely basis.

Based on our evaluation under the framework in COSO ICIF, our management concluded that our internal control over financial reporting was not effective as of December 31, 2022 ,
 solely due to the following material weaknesses:

1. 

We did not design and maintain effective internal controls related to our information technology general controls ITGCs in the areas of user access and program change-management over certain information technology IT systems
 that support the Company s financial reporting processes. Our business process controls (automated and manual) that are dependent on the affected ITGCs were also deemed ineffective because they could have been adversely impacted. We
 believe that these control deficiencies were a result of: IT control processes lacking sufficient documentation such that the successful operation of ITGCs was overly dependent upon knowledge and actions of certain individuals with IT
 expertise, which led to failures resulting from insufficient training of IT personnel on the importance of ITGCs and risk-assessment processes that were inadequate to identify and assess changes in IT environments that could impact
 internal control over financial reporting. The material weakness did not result in any identified misstatements to the financial statements, and there were no changes to previously released financial results.

2. 

We did not appropriately design and operate controls associated with the risk assessment component of the internal control framework, specifically as it
 relates to identifying risks around segregation of duties within the financial reporting function, and the identification of all risks relating to the financial statements and controls that would address such risks. This impacts
 business process controls (automated and manual) throughout financial reporting and the business transaction cycles.

89 

Table of Contents 

Our independent registered public accounting firm has audited the consolidated financial statements appearing in this Annual Report and the effectiveness of our internal controls over financial
 reporting and has issued their reports, included herein.

Notwithstanding the above identified material weaknesses, management believes the financial statements as included in Part II of this Annual Report on Form 10-K fairly represent in all material respects the
 Company s financial condition, results of operations and cash flows as of and for the periods presented in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles in the U.S.

Remediation

While our remediation plan may evolve and expand, management has been implementing and continues to implement measures designed to ensure that control deficiencies
 contributing to the material weaknesses are remediated, such that these controls are designed, implemented, and operating effectively. The remediation actions include: (i) implementation of a new ERP system in 2023 (ii) developing a training
 program addressing ITGCs and policies, including educating control owners concerning the principles and requirements of each control, with a focus on those related to user access and change-management over IT systems impacting financial
 reporting; (iii) developing and maintaining documentation underlying ITGCs; (iv) developing enhanced risk assessment procedures and controls related to changes in IT systems; (v) implementing an IT management review and testing plan to monitor
 ITGCs with a specific focus on systems supporting our financial reporting processes; (vi) enhanced quarterly reporting on the remediation measures to the Audit Committee of the Board of Directors; and (vii) hiring additional competent and
 qualified technical accounting and financial reporting personnel with appropriate knowledge and experience of the COSO ICIF to ensure appropriate segregation of duties within the financial reporting function, and we have the right experience in
 identifying all risks relating to internal control over financial reporting and the preparation of our financial statements; and (viii) providing sufficient training to our finance and accounting staff.

We believe that these actions will remediate the material weaknesses. These weaknesses will not be considered remediated, however, until the applicable controls
 operate for a sufficient period of time and management has concluded, through testing, that these controls are operating effectively.

Changes in Internal Controls over Financial Reporting

Other than in connection with aspects of our remediation plan, there were no changes in the Company s internal controls over financial reporting during the fiscal quarter ended December 31, 2022
 that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, the Company s internal control over financial reporting.

/s/ Graham Purdy 

/s/ Luis Reformina 

/s/ Brian Wigginton 

Graham Purdy

Luis Reformina

Brian Wigginton

President and Chief Executive Officer

Chief Financial Officer

Chief Accounting Officer

Date: March 15, 2023 

 Date: March 15, 2023 

 Date: March 15, 2023 

Item 9B. Other Information 

None.

90 

Table of Contents 

PART III

Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 

The information required for this Item is incorporated by reference from our Proxy Statement to be filed in connection with our 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders within 120 days after the end of the fiscal year
 ended December 31, 2022.

Item 11. Executive Compensation 

The information required for this Item is incorporated by reference from our Proxy Statement to be filed in connection with our 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders within 120 days after the end of the fiscal year
 ended December 31, 2022.

Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 

The information required for this Item is incorporated by reference from our Proxy Statement to be filed in connection with our 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders within 120 days after the end of the fiscal year
 ended December 31, 2022.

Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 

The information required for this Item is incorporated by reference from our Proxy Statement to be filed in connection with our 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders within 120 days after the end of the fiscal year
 ended December 31, 2022.

Item 14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services 

The information required for this Item is incorporated by reference from our Proxy Statement to be filed in connection with our 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders within 120 days after the end of the fiscal year
 ended December 31, 2022.

91 

Table of Contents 

PART IV

Item 15. Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 

a) 

Financial Information

(1) 

Financial Statements: See Index to Consolidated Financial Statements in Part II, Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K.

(2) 

Financial Statement Schedule: Information required by this item is included within the consolidated financial statements or notes in Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K.

(3) 

Exhibits See (b) below

b) 

 Exhibits 

 Index to Exhibits 

92 

Table of Contents 

Index to Exhibits

Exhibit No. 

Description 

2 

International Vapor Group Stock Purchase Agreement dated as of September 5, 2018, between Turning Point Brands, Inc. and International Vapor Group, LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.1 to the
 Registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on November 7, 2018).

3.1 

Second Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of Turning Point Brands, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the
 Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on May 16, 2016). 

3.2 

Second Amended and Restated By-laws (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on
 October 27, 2020).

4.1 

Registration Rights Agreement of Turning Point Brands, Inc. dated May 10, 2016, between Turning Point Brands, Inc. and the Stockholders named
 therein (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on May 16, 2016). 

4.2 

Description of Securities. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to the Registrant s Annual Report on Form
 10-K filed on March 12, 2020). 

4.3 

Indenture dated as of July 30, 2019, between Turning Point Brands, Inc. and GLAS Trust Company LLC (including the form of Note as Exhibit A thereto) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit
 4.1 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on July 31, 2019).

4 

Indenture dated as of February 11, 2021, between Turning Point Brands, Inc. and GLAS Trust Company LLC, (including the form of Note as Exhibit A thereto) (incorporated by reference to
 Exhibit 4.1 to the Registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on May 5, 2021).

10.1 

Turning Point Brands, Inc. 2021 Equity Incentive Plan (the 2021 Plan dated as of March 22, 2021. 

10.2 

Turning Point Brands, Inc. 2015 Equity Incentive Plan (the 2015 Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant s Registration
 Statement on Form S-1/A (File No. 333-207816) filed on November 5, 2015). 

10.3 

Form of Stock Option Award Agreement under the 2015 Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-K
 filed on March 13, 2017). 

10.4 

Form of Performance-Based Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement under the Turning Point Brands, Inc. 2015 Equity Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Registrant s Quarterly
 Report on Form 10-Q filed on May 11, 2017). 

10.5 

2006 Equity Incentive Plan of Turning Point Brands, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Registrant s Registration Statement on
 Form S-1/A (File No. 333-207816) filed on November 5, 2015). 

10.6 

Amendment No. 1 to the 2006 Equity Incentive Plan of North Atlantic Holding Company, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to the
 Registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on March 13, 2017). 

10.7 

Amendment No. 2 to the 2006 Equity Incentive Plan of North Atlantic Holding Company, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 to the
 Registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on March 13, 2017). 

10.8 

Amendment No. 3 to the 2006 Equity Incentive Plan of North Atlantic Holding Company, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the
 Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on February 7, 2017). 

10.9 

Amendment No. 4 to the 2006 Equity Incentive Plan of North Atlantic Holding Company, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.54 to the
 Registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on March 13, 2017). 

93 

Table of Contents 

10.10 

Form of Award Agreement under the 2006 Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to the Registrant s Registration Statement on Form S-1/A
 (File No. 333-207816) filed on November 5, 2015). 

10.11 

Form of Cash-Out Agreement under the 2006 Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on
 February 7, 2017). 

10.12 

Form of Indemnification Agreement between Turning Point Brands, Inc. and certain directors and officers (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.10
 to the Registrant s Registration Statement on Form S-1/A (File No. 333-207816) filed on November 24, 2015). 

10.13 

Form of Indemnification Agreement between Turning Point Brands, Inc. and Standard General Master Fund, L.P. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit
 10.2 to the Registrant s Registration Statement on Form S-1/A (File No. 333-207816) filed on November 24, 2015). 

10.14 

Contract Manufacturing, Packaging and Distribution Agreement dated as of September 4, 2008, between National Tobacco Company, L.P. and Swedish
 Match North America, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.17 to the Registrant s Registration Statement on Form S-1/A (File No. 333-207816) filed on November 24, 2015). 

10.15 

Amended and Restated Distribution and License Agreement dated as of November 30, 1992, between Bollor Technologies, S.A. and North Atlantic
 Trading Company, Inc., as predecessor to North Atlantic Operating Company, Inc. (U.S.) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to Amendment No. 2 to the Registrant s Registration Statement (Reg. No. 333-31931) on Form S-4/A filed
 with the Commission on September 17, 1997). 

10.16 

Amended and Restated Distribution and License Agreement dated as of November 30, 1992, between Bollor Technologies, S.A. and North Atlantic
 Trading Company, Inc., as predecessor to North Atlantic Operating Company, Inc. (Canada) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to Amendment No. 2 to the Registrant s Registration Statement (Reg. No. 333-31931) on Form S-4/A filed
 with the Commission on September 17, 1997). 

10.17 

Amendment to the Amended and Restated Distribution and License Agreement dated March 31, 1993 between Bollor Technologies, S.A. and North Atlantic
 Trading Company, Inc. (U.S. Canada) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.22 to the Registrant s Registration Statement on Form S-1 (File No. 333-207816) filed on November 5, 2015). 

10.18 

Amendment to the Amended and Restated Distribution and License Agreements dated June 10, 1996, between Bollor Technologies, S.A. and North
 Atlantic Trading Company, Inc. (U.S. Canada) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.23 to the Registrant s Registration Statement on Form S-1 (File No. 333-207816) filed on November 5, 2015). 

10.19 

Amendment to the Amended and Restated Distribution and License Agreement dated September 1996, between Bollor Technologies, S.A. and North
 Atlantic Trading Company, Inc. (U.S. Canada) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.24 to the Registrant s Registration Statement on Form S-1 (File No. 333-207816) filed on November 5, 2015). 

10.20 

Restated Amendment to the Amended and Restated Distribution and License Agreement between Bollor Technologies, S.A. and North Atlantic Operating
 Company, Inc. dated June 25, 1997 (U.S. Canada) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 to Amendment No. 2 to the Registrant s Registration Statement (Reg. No. 333-31931) on Form S-4/A filed with the Commission on September
 17, 1997). 

10.21 

Amendment to the Amended and Restated Distribution and License Agreement dated October 22, 1997, between Bollor Technologies, S.A. and North
 Atlantic Operating Company, Inc. (U.S. Canada) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.31 to the Registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 1997). 

10.22 

Amendment to the Amended and Restated Distribution and License Agreement dated June 19, 2002, between Bollor S.A. and North Atlantic Operating
 Company, Inc. (U.S. Canada) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.31 to the Registrant s Registration Statement on Form S-1 (File No. 333-207816) filed on November 5, 2015). 

10.23 

Trademark Consent Agreement, dated March 26, 1997, between Bollor Technologies, S.A. and North Atlantic Trading Company, Inc. (incorporated by
 reference to Exhibit 10.25 to the Registrant s Registration Statement on Form S-1 (File No. 333-207816) filed on November 5, 2015). 

10.24 

Amendment to the Amended and Restated Distribution and License Agreement dated February 28, 2005, between Bollor S.A. and North Atlantic Operating
 Company, Inc. (U.S. Canada) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.33 to the Registrant s Registration Statement on Form S-1 (File No. 333-207816) filed on November 5, 2015). 

94 

Table of Contents 

10.25 

Amendment to the Amended and Restated Distribution and License Agreement dated April 20, 2006, between Bollor S.A. and North Atlantic Operating
 Company, Inc. (U.S. Canada) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the fiscal quarter ended March 31, 2006). 

10.26 

Amendment to the Amended and Restated Distribution and License Agreement dated March 10, 2010, between Bollor S.A. and North Atlantic Operating
 Company, Inc. (U.S. Canada) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.35 to the Registrant s Registration Statement on Form S-1 (File No. 333-207816) filed on November 5, 2015). 

10.27 

Consent Agreement dated as of April 4, 1997, between Bollor Technologies, S.A. and North Atlantic Trading Company, Inc. (incorporated by
 reference to Exhibit 10.26 to the Registrant s Registration Statement on Form S-1 (File No. 333-207816) filed on November 5, 2015). 

10.28 

Amendment No. 1 to Consent Agreement dated as of April 9, 1997, between Bollor Technologies, S.A. and North Atlantic Operating Company, Inc.
 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.27 to the Registrant s Registration Statement on Form S-1 (File No. 333-207816) filed on November 5, 2015). 

10.29 

Amendment No. 2 to Consent Agreement dated as of June 25, 1997, between Bollor Technologies, S.A. and North Atlantic Operating Company, Inc.
 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.28 to the Registrant s Registration Statement on Form S-1 (File No. 333-207816) filed on November 5, 2015). 

10.30 

Trademark Consent Agreement dated July 31, 2003, among Bollor Technologies, S.A., North Atlantic Trading Company, Inc. and North Atlantic
 Operating Company, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.32 to the Registrant s Registration Statement on Form S-1 (File No. 333-207816) filed on November 5, 2015). 

10.31 

Amendment No. 2 to Trademark Consent Agreement dated December 17, 2012, between Bollor S.A. and North Atlantic Operating Company, Inc.
 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.36 to the Registrant s Registration Statement on Form S-1 (File No. 333-207816) filed on November 5, 2015). 

10.32 

License and Distribution Agreement dated March 19, 2013 between Bollor S.A. and North Atlantic Operating Company, Inc. (incorporated by
 reference to Exhibit 10.37 to the Registrant s Registration Statement on Form S-1 (File No. 333-207816) filed on November 5, 2015). 

10.33 

Distributors Supply Agreement dated as of April 1, 2013, between National Tobacco Company, L.P. and JJA Distributors, LLC (incorporated by
 reference to Exhibit 10.38 to the Registrant s Registration Statement on Form S-1/A (File No. 333-207816) filed on November 24, 2015). 

10.34 

Credit Agreement, dated as of February 11, 2021, by and among Turning Point Brands, Inc., as obligor, Barclays Bank PLC, as administrative agent,
 and the lenders party thereto (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on May 5, 2021). 

10.35 

Form of Capped Call Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on July 31, 2019).

10.36 

Employment Agreement by and between the Company and David Glazek, dated as of November 2, 2022. 

10.37 

Employment Agreement by and between the Company and Graham A. Purdy, dated as of January 30, 2023. 

10.38 

Employment Agreement by and between the Company and Luis Reformina, dated as of March 23, 2021. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K
 filed on March 24, 2021) 

10.39 

First Lien Pari Passu Intercreditor Agreement, dated as of February 11, 2021, by and among Turning Point Brands, Inc., and the other grantors party thereto, Barclays Bank PLC, as first
 lien collateral agent, and GLAS Trust Company LLC, as other collateral agent (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on May 5, 2021).

95 

Table of Contents 

10.40 

Pledge and Security Agreement, dated as of February 11, 2021, by and among Turning Point Brands, Inc., as grantor, the other grantors party thereto, Barclays Bank PLC, as collateral agent, and the lenders
 party thereto. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on May 5, 2021).

10.41 

Guaranty Agreement, dated as of February 11, 2021, by and among Turning Point Brands, Inc. and certain of its subsidiaries, as guarantors, Barclays Bank PLC, as administrative agent, and the lenders party
 thereto. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to the Registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on May 5, 2021).

10.42 

Pledge and Security Agreement, dated as of February 11, 2021, by and among Turning Point Brands, Inc., as grantor, the other grantors party thereto and GLAS Trust Company LLC, as
 collateral agent (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 to the Registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on May 5, 2021).

21 

Subsidiaries of Turning Point Brands, Inc. 

23 

Consent of RSM US LLP. 

31.1 

Certification of Principal Executive Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

31.2 

Certification of Principal Financial Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

31.3 

Certification of Principal Accounting Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

32.1 

Certifications of Principal Executive Officer and Principal Financial Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

101 

XBRL (eXtensible Business Reporting Language). The following materials from Turning Point Brands, Inc. s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, formatted in
 Inline XBRL: (i) consolidated balance sheets, (ii) consolidated statements of income, (iii) consolidated statements of comprehensive income, (iv) consolidated statements of changes in stockholder s equity (deficit), (v) consolidated
 statements of cash flows, and (vi) notes to the consolidated financial statements. 

104

Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101). 

Filed herewith 

Compensatory plan or arrangement 

Item 16. Form 10-K Summary 

Not applicable.

96 

Table of Contents 

Signatures

Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly
 authorized, on March 15, 2023.

TURNING POINT BRANDS, INC.

By:

/s/ Graham Purdy 

Name: Graham Purdy

Title: Chief Executive Officer

By: 

/s/ Luis Reformina 

Name: Luis Reformina

Title: Chief Financial Officer

By: 

/s/ Brian Wigginton 

Name: Brian Wigginton

Title: Chief Accounting Officer

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and on the dates
 indicated.

Signature

Title

Date

By:

/s/ Graham Purdy

Director, Chief Executive Officer

March 15, 2023

Graham Purdy

By:

/s/ Luis Reformina

Chief Financial Officer

March 15, 2023

Luis Reformina

By:

/s/ Brian Wigginton

Chief Accounting Officer

March 15, 2023

Brian Wigginton

By:

/s/ David Glazek

Chairman of the Board of Directors

March 15, 2023

David Glazek

By:

/s/ Gregory H. A. Baxter

Director

March 15, 2023

Gregory H. A. Baxter

By:

/s/ H. C. Charles Diao

Director

March 15, 2023

H. C. Charles Diao

By:

/s/ Assia Grazioli-Venier

Director

March 15, 2023

Assia Grazioli-Venier

By:

/s/ Arnold Zimmerman

Director

March 15, 2023

Arnold Zimmerman

By:

/s/ Ashley Davis Frushone

Director

March 15, 2023

Ashley Davis Frushone

By:

/s/ Stephen Usher

Director

March 15, 2023

Stephen Usher

By:

/s/ Lawrence S. Wexler

Director

March 15, 2023

Lawrence S. Wexler

97 

<EX-10.1>
 2
 brhc10049632_ex10-1.htm
 EXHIBIT 10.1

Exhibit 10.1 

TURNING POINT BRANDS, INC. 
 2021 EQUITY INCENTIVE PLAN

TURNING POINT BRANDS, INC. 
 2021 EQUITY INCENTIVE PLAN

Section 1. Purpose . The purposes of this Turning Point Brands, Inc. 2021 Equity Incentive Plan are to promote the interests of
 Turning Point Brands, Inc. and its stockholders by (a) attracting and retaining employees and directors of, and certain consultants to, the Company and its Affiliates; (b) motivating such individuals by means of performance-related incentives to
 achieve longer-range performance goals; and/or (c) enabling such individuals to participate in the long-term growth and financial success of the Company. 

Section 2. Definitions . As used in the Plan,
 the following terms shall have the meanings set forth below: 

2006 Plan means the North Atlantic Holding Company Inc. 2006 Equity Incentive Plan.

Affiliate shall mean any entity (i) that, directly or indirectly, is controlled by, controls or is under common control with, the Company or (ii) in which the Company has a significant equity interest, in either case as
 determined by the Committee. 

Award shall mean any Option, Stock Appreciation Right, Restricted Stock Award, Restricted Stock Unit Award, Performance Award, or Other Stock-Based Award made or granted from time to time hereunder. 

Award Agreement shall mean any written agreement, contract, or other instrument or document evidencing any Award, which may, but need not, be executed or acknowledged by a Participant. An Award Agreement may be in an electronic
 medium, may be limited to notation on the books and records of the Company and, unless otherwise determined by the Committee, need not be signed by a representative of the Company. 

Board shall mean the Board of Directors of the Company. 

Cause as a reason for a Participant s termination of employment or service shall have the meaning assigned such term in the employment, severance or similar agreement, if any, between the Participant and the Company or a
 subsidiary of the Company. If the Participant is not a party to an employment, severance or similar agreement with the Company or a subsidiary of the Company in which such term is defined, then unless otherwise defined in the applicable Award
 Agreement, Cause shall mean (i) persistent neglect or negligence in the performance of the Participant s duties; (ii) conviction (including, but not limited to,
 pleas of guilty or no contest) for any act of fraud, misappropriation or embezzlement, or for any criminal offense related to the Company, any Affiliate or the Participant s service; (iii) any deliberate and material breach of fiduciary duty to the
 Company or any Affiliate, or any other conduct that leads to the material damage or prejudice of the Company or any Affiliate; or (iv) a material breach of a policy of the Company or any Affiliate, such as the Company s code of conduct. 

Change in Control shall mean the occurrence of any of the
 following events:

(a) any sale, lease, exchange or other disposition (in one transaction or a series of related transactions) of all or
 substantially all of the assets of the Company and its subsidiaries, other than a transaction or series of transactions in which the transferee is controlled by the Management Group (other than Standard General LP and its Affiliates); 

2 

(b) a majority of the Board shall consist of Persons who are not Continuing Directors, as the case may be; or 

(c) (i) any Person or group of related Persons (other than the Management Group) for purposes of Section 13(d) of the Exchange
 Act, becomes the beneficial owner of the power, directly or indirectly, to vote or direct the voting of securities having more than fifty percent (50 of the ordinary voting power for the election of directors of the Company or (ii) any Person
 together with its Affiliates becomes the owner, directly or indirectly, of more than sixty-six and two-thirds (66 2/3 of the economic interests of the Company. 

For the purposes of this definition of Change in Control, Affiliate shall mean any
 entity (i) that, directly or indirectly, is controlled by, controls or is under common control with, the Company or (ii) in which the Company has a significant equity interest.

Notwithstanding the foregoing, if a Change in Control constitutes a payment event with respect to any Award which provides for the deferral of compensation that is
 subject to Section 409A of the Code, then, to the extent required to avoid the imposition of additional taxes under Section 409A of the Code, the transaction or event described in paragraph (a), (b), or (c) above, with respect to such Award, shall
 only constitute a Change in Control for purposes of the payment timing of such Award if such transaction also constitutes a change in control event, as defined in Treasury Regulation 1.409A-3(i)(5).

Code shall mean the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended from time to time. 

Committee shall mean the Compensation Committee of the Board (or its successor(s)), or any other committee of the Board designated by the Board to administer the Plan and composed of not less than two directors, each of whom is
 required to be a Non-Employee Director (within the meaning of Rule 16b-3) and, if determined by the Board to be applicable, an outside director (within the meaning of Section 162(m) of the Code) to the extent Rule 16b-3 and Section 162(m) of the Code, respectively, are applicable to the Company and the Plan. 

Company shall mean Turning Point Brands, Inc., together with any successor thereto. 

Continuing Directors means, as of any date of determination, any Person who (a) was a member of the Board on the Effective Date or (b) was nominated for election or elected to the Board with the affirmative vote of a majority of the
 Continuing Directors who were members of such Board at the time of such nomination or election. 

Disability shall mean a physical or mental disability or infirmity that prevents the performance by the Participant of his or her duties lasting (or likely to last, based on competent medical evidence presented to the Company) for
 a continuous period of six months or longer. 

Effective Date shall have the definition as set forth in Section 17(a) of the Plan. 

3 

Exchange Act shall mean the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended from time to time. 

Fair Market Value shall mean (i) with respect to any property other than Shares, the fair market value of such property determined by such methods or procedures as shall be established from time to time by the Committee and (ii) with
 respect to Shares, as of any date, the closing sale price (excluding any after hours trading) of the Shares on the date of grant or the date of calculation, as
 the case may be, on the stock exchange or over the counter market on which the Shares are principally trading on such date (or on the last preceding trading date if Shares were not traded on such date) if the Shares are readily tradable on a
 national securities exchange or other market system, and if the Shares are not readily tradable, Fair Market Value shall mean the amount determined in good faith by the Committee as the fair market value of the Shares. 

Good Reason as a reason for a Participant s termination of employment shall have the meaning assigned such term in the
 employment, severance or similar agreement, if any, between the Participant and the Company or a subsidiary of the Company. If the Participant is not a party to an employment, severance or similar agreement with the Company or a subsidiary of the
 Company in which such term is defined, then unless otherwise defined in the applicable Award Agreement, Good Reason shall mean (i) a material diminution in the
 Participant s base salary from the level immediately prior to the Change in Control; or (ii) a material change in the geographic location at which the Participant must primarily perform the Participant s services (which shall in no event include a
 relocation of the Participant s current principal place of business to a location less than 50 miles away) from the geographic location immediately prior to the Change in Control; provided

 that no termination shall be deemed to be for Good Reason unless (a) the Participant provides the Company with written notice setting forth the specific facts or circumstances constituting Good Reason within
 90 days after the initial existence of the occurrence of such facts or circumstances, (b) to the extent curable, the Company has failed to cure such facts or circumstances within 30 days of its receipt of such written notice, and (c) the effective
 date of the termination for Good Reason occurs no later than one 180 days after the initial existence of the facts or circumstances constituting Good Reason. 

Incentive Stock Option shall mean a right to purchase Shares from the Company that is granted under Section 6 of the Plan and that is intended to meet the requirements of Section 422 of the Code or any successor provision thereto. Incentive
 Stock Options may be granted only to Participants who meet the requirements of Section 422 of the Code. 

Involuntary Termination shall mean termination by the Company of a Participant s employment or service by the Company without Cause or termination of a Participant s employment by the Participant for Good Reason. For avoidance of doubt, an
 Involuntary Termination shall not include a termination of the Participant s employment or service by the Company for Cause or due to the Participant s death, Disability or resignation without Good Reason. 

Management Group means one or more of the following: Standard General LP and its Affiliates (other than the Company and its subsidiaries) and the other members of the senior management of the Company on the Effective Date. 

4 

Non-Qualified Stock Option shall mean a right to purchase Shares from the Company that is granted under Section 6 of the Plan and that is not intended to be an Incentive Stock Option or does not meet the requirements of Section 422 of the Code or
 any successor provision thereto. 

Option shall mean an Incentive Stock Option or a Non-Qualified Stock Option. 

Other Stock-Based Award shall mean any right granted under Section 10 of the Plan. 

Participant shall mean any employee of, or consultant to, the Company or its Affiliates, or non-employee director who is a member of the Board or the board of directors of an Affiliate, eligible for an Award under Section 5 of the
 Plan and selected by the Committee, or its designee, to receive an Award under the Plan. 

Performance Award shall mean any right granted under Section 9 of the Plan. 

Performance Criteria shall mean the measurable criterion or criteria that the Committee may select for purposes of establishing the Performance Goal(s) for a Performance Period with respect to any performance-based Awards under the Plan. 
 Performance Criteria may be described in terms of Company-wide objectives or objectives that are related to the performance of the individual Participant or of one or more of the subsidiaries, divisions, departments, regions, functions or other
 organizational units within the Company or its Affiliates. The Performance Criteria may be made relative to the performance of other companies or subsidiaries, divisions, departments, regions, functions or other organizational units within such
 other companies, and may be made relative to an index or one or more of the performance criteria themselves. The Performance Criteria that will be used to establish the Performance Goal(s) may be based on any metric(s) that the Committee deems
 appropriate, including one or more, or a combination of, the following: (i) return on net assets; (ii) pretax income before allocation of corporate overhead and bonus; (iii) budget; (iv) net income; (v) division, group or corporate financial goals;
 (vi) return on stockholders equity; (vii) return on assets; (viii) return on capital; (ix) revenue; (x) profit margin; (xi) earnings per Share; (xii) net earnings; (xiii) operating earnings; (xiv) free cash flow; (xv) attainment of strategic and
 operational initiatives; (xvi) appreciation in and/or maintenance of the price of the Shares or any other publicly-traded securities of the Company; (xvii) market share; (xviii) gross profits; (xix) earnings before interest and taxes; (xx) earnings
 before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization; (xxi) operating expenses; (xxii) capital expenses; (xxiii) enterprise value; (xxiv) equity market capitalization; (xxv) economic value-added models and comparisons with various stock market
 indices; or (xxvi) reductions in costs. 

Performance Goals shall mean, for a Performance Period, one or more goals established by the Committee for the Performance Period based upon the Performance Criteria. The Committee is authorized, at any time and in its sole discretion,
 to adjust or modify the calculation of a Performance Goal for such Performance Period in order to prevent the dilution or enlargement of the rights of Participants, (a) in the event of, or in anticipation of, any unusual or extraordinary corporate
 item, transaction, event or development affecting the Company or its Affiliates; or (b) in recognition of, or in anticipation of, any other unusual or nonrecurring events affecting the Company or its Affiliates, or the financial statements of the
 Company or its Affiliates, or in response to, or in anticipation of, changes in applicable laws, regulations, accounting principles, or business conditions. 

5 

Performance Period shall mean the one or more periods of time, as the Committee may select, over which the attainment of one or more Performance Goals will be measured for the purpose of determining a Participant s right to and the
 payment of a performance-based Award. 

Person shall mean any individual, corporation, partnership, association, limited liability company, joint-stock company, trust, unincorporated organization, government, political subdivision or other entity. 

Plan shall mean this Turning Point Brands, Inc. 2021 Equity Incentive Plan, as amended from time to time. 

Prior Plan shall mean the Turning Point Brands, Inc. 2015 Equity Incentive Plan, as
 amended from time to time.

Restricted Stock shall mean any Share granted under Section 8 of the Plan. 

Restricted Stock Unit shall mean any unit granted under Section 8 of the Plan. 

Rule 16b-3 shall mean Rule 16b-3 as promulgated and interpreted by the SEC under the Exchange Act, or any successor rule or regulation thereto as in effect from time to time. 

SEC shall mean the Securities and Exchange Commission or any successor thereto, and shall include, without limitation, the Staff thereof. 

Shares shall mean the common stock of the Company, par value 0.01 per share, or such other securities of the Company (i) into which such common stock shall be changed by reason of a recapitalization, merger, consolidation,
 split-up, combination, exchange of shares or other similar transaction, or (ii) as may be determined by the Committee pursuant to Section 4(b) of the Plan. 

Stock Appreciation Right shall mean any right granted under Section 7 of the Plan. 

Substitute Awards shall mean any Awards granted under Section 4(c) of the Plan. 

Section 3. Administration . 

(a) The Plan shall be administered by the Committee. Subject to the terms of the Plan and applicable law, and in addition to
 other express powers and authorizations conferred on the Committee by the Plan, the Committee shall have full power and authority to: (i) designate Participants; (ii) determine the type or types of Awards to be granted to a Participant; (iii)
 determine the number of Shares to be covered by, or with respect to which payments, rights, or other matters are to be calculated in connection with, Awards; (iv) determine the terms and conditions of any Award; (v) determine whether, to what
 extent, and under what circumstances Awards may be settled or exercised in cash, Shares, other securities, other Awards or other property, or canceled, forfeited, or suspended and the method or methods by which Awards may be settled, exercised,
 canceled, forfeited, or suspended; (vi) determine whether, to what extent, and under what circumstances cash, Shares, other securities, other Awards, other property, and other amounts payable with respect to an Award shall be deferred either
 automatically or at the election of the holder thereof or of the Committee (in each case consistent with Section 409A of the Code); (vii) interpret, administer or reconcile any inconsistency, correct any defect, resolve ambiguities and/or supply
 any omission in the Plan, any Award Agreement, and any other instrument or agreement relating to, or Award made under, the Plan; (viii) establish, amend, suspend, or waive such rules and regulations and appoint such agents as it shall deem
 appropriate for the proper administration of the Plan; (ix) establish and administer Performance Goals and certify whether, and to what extent, they have been attained; and (x) make any other determination and take any other action that the
 Committee deems necessary or desirable for the administration or operation of the Plan. 

6 

(b) Unless otherwise expressly provided in the Plan, all designations, determinations, interpretations, and other decisions
 under or with respect to the Plan or any Award or Award Agreement shall be within the sole discretion of the Committee, may be made at any time and shall be final, conclusive, and binding upon all Persons, including, but not limited to, the
 Company, any Affiliate, any Participant, any holder or beneficiary of any Award, and any stockholder. 

(c) The mere fact that a Committee member shall fail to qualify as a Non-Employee Director or outside director within the
 meaning of Rule 16b-3 and Section 162(m) of the Code, respectively, shall not invalidate any Award otherwise validly made by the Committee under the Plan. Notwithstanding anything in this Section 3 to the contrary, the Board, or any other
 committee or sub-committee established by the Board, is hereby authorized (in addition to any necessary action by the Committee) to grant or approve Awards as necessary to satisfy the requirements of Section 16 of the Exchange Act and the rules and
 regulations thereunder and to act in lieu of the Committee with respect to Awards made to non-employee directors under the Plan. 

(d) No member of the Board or the Committee and no employee of the Company or any Affiliate shall be liable for any
 determination, act or failure to act hereunder (except in circumstances involving his or her bad faith), or for any determination, act or failure to act hereunder by any other member or employee or by any agent to whom duties in connection with the
 administration of the Plan have been delegated. The Company shall indemnify members of the Board and the Committee and any agent of the Board or the Committee who is an employee of the Company or an Affiliate against any and all liabilities or
 expenses to which they may be subjected by reason of any determination, act or failure to act with respect to their duties on behalf of the Plan (except in circumstances involving such person s bad faith). 

(e) The Committee may from time to time delegate all or any part of its authority under the Plan to a subcommittee thereof. To
 the extent of any such delegation, references in the Plan to the Committee will be deemed to be references to such subcommittee. In addition, subject to applicable law, the Committee may delegate to one or more officers of the Company the
 authority to grant Awards to Participants who are not officers or directors of the Company subject to Section 16 of the Exchange Act. The Committee may employ such legal or other counsel, consultants and agents as it may deem desirable for the
 administration of the Plan and may rely upon any opinion or computation received from any such counsel, consultant or agent. Expenses incurred by the Committee in the engagement of such counsel, consultant or agent shall be paid by the Company, or
 the Affiliate whose employees have benefited from the Plan, as determined by the Committee. 

7 

Section 4. Shares Available for Awards . 

(a) Shares Available . 

(i) Subject to adjustment as provided in Section 4(b), the aggregate number of Shares with respect to which
 Awards may be granted from time to time under the Plan shall in the aggregate not exceed, at any time, the sum of (A) 1,290,000 Shares, plus (B) the number of shares remaining available for issuance under the Prior Plan as of immediately prior to
 the Effective Date, plus (C) any Shares that again become available for Awards under the Plan or the Prior Plan in accordance with Section 4(a)(ii) of the Plan and the Prior Plan, or under the 2006 Plan pursuant to the terms of the 2006 Plan. 
 Subject to adjustment as provided in Section 4(b), the aggregate number of Shares with respect to which Incentive Stock Options may be granted under the Plan shall be
 1,290,000 Shares. Subject in each instance to adjustment as provided in Section 4(b), the maximum number of Shares with respect to which Awards (including, without limitation, Options and Stock Appreciation Rights) may be granted to any single
 Participant in respect of any fiscal year shall be 210, 000 Shares, and notwithstanding the foregoing limitation, or any plan or program of the Company or any Subsidiary to the contrary, the maximum amount of compensation that may be paid
 to any single non-employee member of the Board in respect of any single fiscal year (including Awards under the Plan, determined based on the Fair Market Value of such Award as of the grant date, as well as any retainer fees, but excluding any
 special committee fees) shall not exceed 500,000 (the Non-Employee Director Compensation Limit ). 

(ii) Shares covered by an Award granted under the Plan shall not be counted unless and until they are
 actually issued and delivered to a Participant and, therefore, the total number of Shares available under the Plan as of a given date shall not be reduced by Shares relating to prior Awards that (in whole or in part) have expired or have been
 forfeited or cancelled, and upon payment in cash of the benefit provided by any Award, any Shares that were covered by such Award will be available for issue hereunder. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary, the following Shares shall not be
 made available for delivery to Participants under the Plan: (A) Shares not issued or delivered as a result of the net settlement of an outstanding Option or Stock Appreciation Right, (B) Shares used to pay the exercise price or withholding taxes
 related to an outstanding Award, (C) Shares underlying a Stock Appreciation Right that is settled in Shares and (D) Shares repurchased by the Company using proceeds realized by the Company in connection with a Participant s exercise of an Option or
 Stock Appreciation Right. 

(b) Adjustments . Notwithstanding any provisions of
 the Plan to the contrary, in the event that the Committee determines in its sole discretion that any dividend or other distribution (whether in the form of cash, Shares, other securities, or other property), recapitalization, stock split, reverse
 stock split, reorganization, merger, consolidation, split-up, spin-off, combination, repurchase, or exchange of Shares or other securities of the Company, issuance of warrants or other rights to purchase Shares or other securities of the Company,
 or other corporate transaction or event affects the Shares such that an adjustment is appropriate in order to prevent dilution or enlargement of the benefits or potential benefits intended to be made available under the Plan, then the Committee
 shall equitably adjust any or all of (i) the number of Shares or other securities of the Company (or number and kind of other securities or property) with respect to which Awards may be granted, (ii) the number of Shares or other securities of the
 Company (or number and kind of other securities or property) subject to outstanding Awards, and (iii) the grant or exercise price with respect to any Award or, if deemed appropriate, make provision for a cash payment to the holder of an outstanding
 Award in consideration for the cancellation of such Award, which, in the case of Options and Stock Appreciation Rights shall equal the excess, if any, of the Fair Market Value of the Share subject to each such Option or Stock Appreciation Right
 over the per Share exercise price or grant price of such Option or Stock Appreciation Right. The Committee will also make or provide for such adjustments in the numbers of Shares specified in Section 4(a)(i) of the Plan as the Committee in its
 sole discretion, exercised in good faith, may determine is appropriate to reflect any transaction or event described in this Section 4(b); provided, however, that any such
 adjustment to the numbers specified in Section 4(a)(i) of the Plan will be made only if and to the extent that such adjustment would not cause any Option intended to qualify as an Incentive Stock Option to fail to so qualify. 

8 

(c) Substitute Awards . 

(i) Awards may be granted under the Plan in substitution for or in conversion of, or in connection with an
 assumption of, stock options, stock appreciation rights, restricted stock, restricted stock units or other stock or stock-based awards held by awardees of an entity engaging in an acquisition or merger transaction with the Company or any subsidiary
 of the Company. Any conversion, substitution or assumption will be effective as of the close of the merger or acquisition, and, to the extent applicable, will be conducted in a manner that complies with Section 409A of the Code. 

(ii) In the event that an entity acquired by the Company or any subsidiary of the Company, or with which the
 Company or any subsidiary of the Company merges, has shares available under a pre-existing plan previously approved by stockholders and not adopted in contemplation of such acquisition or merger, the shares available for grant pursuant to the terms
 of such plan (as adjusted, to the extent appropriate, to reflect such acquisition or merger) may be used for Awards made after such acquisition or merger under the Plan; provided,
 however, that Awards using such available shares may not be made after the date awards or grants could not have been made under the terms of the pre-existing plan absent the acquisition or merger, and may only be made to individuals who
 were not employees or directors of the Company or any subsidiary of the Company prior to such acquisition or merger. The Awards so granted may reflect the original terms of the awards being assumed or substituted or converted for and need not
 comply with other specific terms of the Plan, and may account for Shares substituted for the securities covered by the original awards and the number of shares subject to the original awards, as well as any exercise or purchase prices applicable to
 the original awards, adjusted to account for differences in stock prices in connection with the transaction. 

(iii) Any Shares that are issued or transferred by, or that are subject to any Awards that are granted by,
 or become obligations of, the Company under Sections 4(c)(i) or 4(c)(ii) of the Plan will not reduce the Shares available for issuance or transfer under the Plan or otherwise count against the limits described in Section 4(a)(i) of the Plan. In
 addition, no Shares that are issued or transferred by, or that are subject to any Awards that are granted by, or become obligations of, the Company under Sections 4(c)(i) or 4(c)(ii) of the Plan will be added to the aggregate limit described in
 Section 4(a)(i) of the Plan. 

9 

(d) Sources of Shares Deliverable Under Awards. Any
 Shares delivered pursuant to an Award may consist, in whole or in part, of authorized and unissued Shares or of treasury Shares. 

Section 5. Eligibility . Any employee of, or
 consultant to, the Company or any of its Affiliates (including, but not limited to, any prospective employee), or non-employee director who is a member of the Board or the board of directors of an Affiliate, shall be eligible to be selected as a
 Participant. 

Section 6. Stock Options . 

(a) Grant. Subject to the terms of the Plan, the
 Committee shall have sole authority to determine the Participants to whom Options shall be granted, the number of Shares to be covered by each Option, the exercise price thereof and the conditions and limitations applicable to the exercise of the
 Option. The Committee shall have the authority to grant Incentive Stock Options, or to grant Non-Qualified Stock Options, or to grant both types of Options. In the case of Incentive Stock Options, the terms and conditions of such Awards shall be
 subject to and comply with such rules as may be prescribed by Section 422 of the Code and any regulations implementing such statute. All Options when granted under the Plan are intended to be Non-Qualified Stock Options, unless the applicable
 Award Agreement expressly states that the Option is intended to be an Incentive Stock Option. If an Option is intended to be an Incentive Stock Option, and if for any reason such Option (or any portion thereof) shall not qualify as an Incentive
 Stock Option, then, to the extent of such nonqualification, such Option (or portion thereof) shall be regarded as a Non-Qualified Stock Option appropriately granted under the Plan; provided
 that such Option (or portion thereof) otherwise complies with the Plan s requirements relating to Non-Qualified Stock Options. No Option shall be exercisable more than ten years from the date of grant. 

(b) Exercise Price . The Committee shall establish the
 exercise price at the time each Option is granted, which exercise price shall be set forth in the applicable Award Agreement and which exercise price (except with respect to Substitute Awards) shall not be less than the Fair Market Value per Share
 on the date of grant. 

(c) Exercise . Each Option shall be exercisable at
 such times and subject to such terms and conditions as the Committee may, in its sole discretion, specify in the applicable Award Agreement. The Committee may impose such conditions with respect to the exercise of Options, including, without
 limitation, any relating to the application of federal or state securities laws, as it may deem necessary or advisable. 

(d) Payment . 

(i) No Shares shall be delivered pursuant to any exercise of an Option until payment in full of the
 aggregate exercise price therefor is received by the Company. Such payment may be made (A) in cash or its equivalent, (B) in the discretion of the Committee and subject to such rules as may be established by the Committee and applicable law, by
 exchanging Shares owned by the Participant (which are not the subject of any pledge or other security interest and which have been owned by such Participant for at least six months), (C) in the discretion of the Committee and subject to such rules
 as may be established by the Committee and applicable law, through delivery of irrevocable instructions to a broker to sell the Shares otherwise deliverable upon the exercise of the Option and to deliver promptly to the Company an amount equal to
 the aggregate exercise price, (D) in the discretion of the Committee and subject to such rules as may be established by the Committee and applicable law, by the Company s withholding of Shares otherwise issuable upon exercise of an Option pursuant
 to a net exercise arrangement (it being understood that, solely for purposes of determining the number of treasury shares held by the Company, the Shares so withheld will not be treated as issued and acquired by the Company upon such exercise),
 (E) by a combination of the foregoing, or (F) by such other methods as may be approved by the Committee and subject to such rules as may be established by the Committee and applicable law, provided that the combined value of all cash and cash equivalents and the Fair Market Value of any such Shares so tendered to the Company or withheld as of the date of such tender or withholding is at least equal to such
 aggregate exercise price. 

10 

(ii) Wherever in the Plan or any Award Agreement a Participant is permitted to pay the exercise price of an
 Option or taxes relating to the exercise of an Option by delivering Shares, the Participant may, subject to procedures satisfactory to the Committee and applicable law, satisfy such delivery requirement by presenting proof of beneficial ownership
 of such Shares, in which case the Company shall treat the Option as exercised without further payment and shall withhold such number of Shares from the Shares acquired by the exercise of the Option. 

Section 7. Stock Appreciation Rights . 

(a) Grant. Subject to the provisions of the Plan,
 the Committee shall have sole authority to determine the Participants to whom Stock Appreciation Rights shall be granted, the number of Shares to be covered by each Stock Appreciation Right Award, the grant price thereof and the conditions and
 limitations applicable to the exercise thereof. Stock Appreciation Rights may be granted in tandem with another Award, in addition to another Award, or freestanding and unrelated to another Award. Stock Appreciation Rights granted in tandem with
 or in addition to an Award may be granted either before, at the same time as the Award or at a later time. No Stock Appreciation Right shall be exercisable more than ten years from the date of grant. 

(b) Exercise and Payment. A Stock Appreciation Right
 shall entitle the Participant to receive an amount equal to the excess of the Fair Market Value of one Share on the date of exercise of the Stock Appreciation Right over the grant price thereof (which grant price (except with respect to Substitute
 Awards) shall not be less than the Fair Market Value on the date of grant). The Committee shall determine in its sole discretion whether a Stock Appreciation Right shall be settled in cash, Shares or a combination of cash and Shares. 

Section 8. Restricted Stock and Restricted Stock Units . 

(a) Grant. Subject to the provisions of the Plan,
 the Committee shall have sole authority to determine the Participants to whom Shares of Restricted Stock and Restricted Stock Units shall be granted, the number of Shares of Restricted Stock and/or the number of Restricted Stock Units to be granted
 to each Participant, the duration of the period during which, and the conditions, if any, under which, the Restricted Stock and Restricted Stock Units may vest and/or be forfeited to the Company, and the other terms and conditions of such Awards. 

11 

(b) Transfer Restrictions. Unless otherwise directed
 by the Committee, (i) certificates issued in respect of Shares of Restricted Stock shall be registered in the name of the Participant and deposited by such Participant, together with a stock power endorsed in blank, with the Company, or (ii) Shares
 of Restricted Stock shall be held at the Company s transfer agent in book entry form with appropriate restrictions relating to the transfer of such Shares of Restricted Stock. Upon the lapse of the restrictions applicable to such Shares of
 Restricted Stock, the Company shall, as applicable, either deliver such certificates to the Participant or the Participant s legal representative, or the transfer agent shall remove the restrictions relating to the transfer of such Shares. Shares
 of Restricted Stock and Restricted Stock Units may not be sold, assigned, transferred, pledged or otherwise encumbered, except as provided in the Plan or the applicable Award Agreement. 

(c) Payment. Each Restricted Stock Unit shall have a
 value equal to the Fair Market Value of one Share. Restricted Stock Units shall be paid in cash, Shares, other securities or other property, as determined in the sole discretion of the Committee, upon or after the lapse of the restrictions
 applicable thereto, or otherwise in accordance with the applicable Award Agreement. Shares of Restricted Stock and Shares issued in respect of Restricted Stock Units may be issued with or without other payments therefor or such other consideration
 as may be determined by the Committee, consistent with applicable law. An Award Agreement may provide that dividends may be paid on Shares of Restricted Stock or that dividend equivalents may be paid in respect of Restricted Stock Units; provided, however , that no dividends shall be paid on any Shares of Restricted Stock and no dividend equivalents shall be paid on any Restricted Stock Units prior to the vesting
 of such Restricted Stock or Restricted Stock Units, as applicable. 

Section 9. Performance Awards . 

(a) Grant. The Committee shall have sole authority
 to determine the Participants who shall receive a Performance Award, which shall consist of a right which is (i) denominated in cash or Shares, (ii) valued, as determined by the Committee, in accordance with the achievement of such Performance
 Goals during such Performance Periods as the Committee shall establish, and (iii) payable at such time and in such form as the Committee shall determine. 

(b) Terms and Conditions. Subject to the terms of
 the Plan and any applicable Award Agreement, the Committee shall determine the Performance Goals to be achieved during any Performance Period, the length of any Performance Period, the amount of any Performance Award and the amount and kind of any
 payment or transfer to be made pursuant to any Performance Award. The Committee may require or permit the deferral of the receipt of Performance Awards upon such terms as the Committee deems appropriate and in accordance with Section 409A of the
 Code. 

(c) Payment of Performance Awards. Performance
 Awards may be paid in a lump sum or in installments following the close of the Performance Period, as set forth in the applicable Award Agreement. 

12 

Section 10. Other Stock-Based Awards . The
 Committee shall have authority to grant to Participants an Other Stock-Based Award, which shall consist of any right which is (i) not an Award described in Sections 6 through 9 of the Plan, and (ii) an Award of Shares or an Award denominated or
 payable in, valued in whole or in part by reference to, or otherwise based on or related to, Shares (including, without limitation, securities convertible into Shares), as deemed by the Committee to be consistent with the purposes of the Plan; provided that any such rights must comply, to the extent deemed desirable by the Committee, with Rule 16b-3 and applicable law. Subject to the terms of the Plan and any
 applicable Award Agreement, the Committee shall determine the terms and conditions of any such Other Stock-Based Award, including, but not limited to, the price, if any, at which securities may be purchased pursuant to any Other Stock-Based Award
 granted under the Plan. 

Section 11. Amendment and Termination . 

(a) Amendments to the Plan. The Board may amend,
 alter, suspend, discontinue, or terminate the Plan or any portion thereof at any time; provided that if an amendment to the Plan (i) would materially increase the benefits
 accruing to Participants under the Plan, (ii) would materially increase the number of securities which may be issued under the Plan, (iii) would materially increase the Non-Employee Director Compensation Limit, or (iv) must otherwise be approved by
 the stockholders of the Company in order to comply with applicable law or the rules of the principal national securities exchange upon which the Shares are traded or quoted, such amendment will be subject to stockholder approval and will not be
 effective unless and until such approval has been obtained; and provided, further, that any such amendment, alteration, suspension, discontinuance or termination that would
 materially impair the rights of any Participant or any holder or beneficiary of any Award previously granted shall not be effective without the written consent of the affected Participant, holder or beneficiary. 

(b) Amendments to Awards. The Committee may waive
 any conditions or rights under, amend any terms of, or alter, suspend, discontinue, cancel or terminate, any Award theretofore granted; provided that any such waiver,
 amendment, alteration, suspension, discontinuance, cancellation or termination that would materially impair the rights of any Participant or any holder or beneficiary of any Award previously granted shall not be effective without the written
 consent of the affected Participant, holder or beneficiary. 

(c) Adjustment of Awards Upon the Occurrence of Certain
 Unusual or Nonrecurring Events. The Committee is hereby authorized to make equitable adjustments in the terms and conditions of, and the criteria included in, all outstanding Awards in recognition of unusual or nonrecurring events
 (including, without limitation, the events described in Section 4(b) hereof) affecting the Company, any Affiliate, or the financial statements of the Company or any Affiliate, or of changes in applicable laws, regulations, or accounting principles,
 whenever the Committee determines that such adjustments are appropriate in order to prevent dilution or enlargement of the benefits or potential benefits intended to be made available under the Plan. 

(d) Repricing. Except in connection with a corporate
 transaction or event described in Section 4(b) hereof, the terms of outstanding Awards may not be amended to reduce the exercise price of Options or the grant price of Stock Appreciation Rights, or to cancel Options or Stock Appreciation Rights in
 exchange for cash, other Awards or Options or Stock Appreciation Rights with an exercise price or grant price, as applicable, that is less than the exercise price of the original Options or grant price of the original Stock Appreciation Rights, as
 applicable, without stockholder approval. This Section 11(d) is intended to prohibit the repricing of underwater Options and Stock Appreciation Rights and will not be construed to prohibit the adjustments provided for in Section 4(b) of the
 Plan. 

13 

Section 12. Change in Control . 

In the event of a Change in Control, unless otherwise determined by the Committee in a written resolution upon or prior to the
 date of grant or set forth in an applicable Award Agreement, the following acceleration, exercisability and valuation provisions will apply:

(a) Except to the extent that an award meeting the requirements of Section 12(b) hereof (a Replacement Award is provided to the Participant holding such Award in accordance with Section 12(b) hereof to replace or adjust such outstanding Award (a Replaced Award ), upon a Change in Control, each then-outstanding Option and Stock Appreciation Right will become fully vested and exercisable, and the restrictions applicable to each outstanding Restricted Stock
 Award, Restricted Stock Unit Award, Performance Award or Other Stock-Based Award will lapse, and each Award will be fully vested (with any applicable Performance Goals deemed to have been achieved at a target level as of the date of such vesting). 

(b) An award meets the conditions of this Section 12(b) (and hence qualifies as a Replacement Award) if (i) it is of the same
 type (e.g., stock option for Option, restricted stock for Restricted Stock, restricted stock unit for Restricted Stock Unit, etc.) as the Replaced Award, (ii) it has a value at least equal to the value of the Replaced Award, (iii) it relates to
 publicly traded equity securities of the Company or its successor in the Change in Control or another entity that is affiliated with the Company or its successor following the Change in Control, (iv) if the Participant holding the Replaced Award is
 subject to U.S. federal income tax under the Code, the tax consequences to such Participant under the Code of the Replacement Award are not less favorable to such Participant than the tax consequences of the Replaced Award, and (v) its other terms
 and conditions are not less favorable to the Participant holding the Replaced Award than the terms and conditions of the Replaced Award (including, but not limited to, the provisions that would apply in the event of a subsequent Change in
 Control). Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, the Replacement Award may take the form of a continuation of the Replaced Award if the requirements of the preceding sentence are satisfied. The determination of whether the conditions
 of this Section 12(b) are satisfied will be made by the Committee, as constituted immediately before the Change in Control, in its sole discretion (taking into account the requirements of Treasury Regulation 1.409A-3(i)(5)(iv)(B) and compliance of
 the Replaced Award or Replacement Award with Section 409A of the Code). Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, the Committee may determine the value of Awards and Replacement Awards that are stock options by reference to either their
 intrinsic value or their fair value. 

(c) Upon the Involuntary Termination, during the period of two years immediately following a Change in Control, of a
 Participant holding Replacement Awards, (i) all Replacement Awards held by the Participant will become fully vested and, if applicable, exercisable and free of restrictions (with any applicable performance goals deemed to have been achieved at a
 target level as of the date of such vesting), and (ii) all Options and Stock Appreciation Rights held by the Participant immediately before such Involuntary Termination that the Participant also held as of the date of the Change in Control and all
 stock options and stock appreciation rights that constitute Replacement Awards will remain exercisable for a period of 90 days following such Involuntary Termination or until the expiration of the stated term of such stock option or stock
 appreciation right, whichever period is shorter provided, however, that, if the applicable Award Agreement provides for a longer period of exercisability, that provision
 will control). 

14 

(d) Notwithstanding anything in the Plan or any Award Agreement to the contrary, to the extent that any provision of the Plan
 or an applicable Award Agreement would cause a payment of deferred compensation that is subject to Section 409A of the Code to be made upon the occurrence of (i) a Change in Control, then such payment shall not be made unless such Change in Control
 also constitutes a change in control event within the meaning of Section 409A of the Code and the regulatory guidance promulgated thereunder or (ii) a termination of employment or service, then such payment shall not be made unless such
 termination of employment or service also constitutes a separation from service within the meaning of Section 409A of the Code and the regulatory guidance promulgated thereunder. Any payment that would have been made except for the application
 of the preceding sentence shall be made in accordance with the payment schedule that would have applied in the absence of a Change in Control or termination of employment or service, but disregarding any future service and/or performance
 requirements. 

Section 13. Non-U.S. Participants . In order to
 facilitate the granting of any Award or combination of Awards under the Plan, the Committee may provide for such special terms for awards to Participants who are foreign nationals or who are employed by the Company or any Affiliate outside of the
 United States of America or who provide services to the Company or an Affiliate under an agreement with a foreign nation or agency, as the Committee may consider necessary or appropriate to accommodate differences in local law, tax policy or
 custom. Moreover, the Committee may approve such supplements to or amendments, restatements or alternative versions of the Plan (including, without limitation, sub-plans) as it may consider necessary or appropriate for such purposes, without
 thereby affecting the terms of the Plan as in effect for any other purpose, and the Secretary or other appropriate officer of the Company may certify any such document as having been approved and adopted in the same manner as the Plan. No such
 special terms, supplements, amendments or restatements, however, will include any provisions that are inconsistent with the terms of the Plan as then in effect unless the Plan could have been amended to eliminate such inconsistency without further
 approval by the stockholders of the Company. 

Section 14. Detrimental Activity and Recapture Provisions . 
 Awards under the Plan shall be subject to cancellation or forfeiture, or subject to the forfeiture and repayment to the Company of any gain related to an Award, or other provisions intended to have a similar effect, upon such terms and conditions
 as may be determined by the Committee from time to time, including, without limitation, in the event that a Participant, during employment or other service with the Company or an Affiliate, engages in activity detrimental to the business of the
 Company. In addition, notwithstanding anything in the Plan to the contrary, any Award Agreement may also provide for the cancellation or forfeiture of an Award or the forfeiture and repayment to the Company of any gain related to an Award, or
 other provisions intended to have a similar effect, upon such terms and conditions as may be required by the Committee or under Section 10D of the Exchange Act and any applicable rules or regulations promulgated by the SEC or any national
 securities exchange or national securities association on which the Shares may be traded or under any clawback policy adopted by the Company. 

15 

Section 15. General Provisions . 

(a) Nontransferability . 

(i) Each Award, and each right under any Award, shall be exercisable only by the Participant during the
 Participant s lifetime, or, if permissible under applicable law, by the Participant s legal guardian or representative. 

(ii) No Award may be sold, assigned, alienated, pledged, attached or otherwise transferred or encumbered by
 a Participant otherwise than by will or by the laws of descent and distribution, and any such purported sale, assignment, alienation, pledge, attachment, transfer or encumbrance shall be void and unenforceable against the Company or any Affiliate; provided that the designation of a beneficiary shall not constitute a sale, assignment, alienation, pledge, attachment, transfer or encumbrance. In no event may any Award
 granted under the Plan be transferred for value. 

(iii) Notwithstanding the foregoing, at the discretion of the Committee, an Award may be transferred by a
 Participant solely to the Participant s spouse, siblings, parents, children and grandchildren or trusts for the benefit of such persons or partnerships, corporations, limited liability companies or other entities owned solely by such persons,
 including, but not limited to, trusts for such persons, subject to any restriction in the applicable Award Agreement. 

(b) Dividend Equivalents . No dividends or dividend
 equivalents shall paid be on any Award prior to vesting. In the sole discretion of the Committee, an Award (other than Options or Stock Appreciation Rights), whether made as an Other Stock-Based Award described in Section 10 or as an Award granted
 pursuant to Sections 8 or 9, may provide the Participant with dividends or dividend equivalents, payable in cash, Shares, other securities or other property on a deferred basis; provided,
 however that such dividends or dividend equivalents shall be subject to the same vesting conditions as the Award to which such dividends or dividend
 equivalents relate. 

(c) No Rights to Awards. No Participant or other
 Person shall have any claim to be granted any Award, and there is no obligation for uniformity of treatment of Participants, Awards, or holders or beneficiaries of Awards. The terms and conditions of Awards and the Committee s determinations and
 interpretations with respect thereto need not be the same with respect to each or any Participant (whether or not such Participants are similarly situated). 

(d) Share Certificates. Shares or other securities
 of the Company or any Affiliate delivered under the Plan pursuant to any Award or the exercise thereof shall be subject to such stop transfer orders and other restrictions as the Committee may deem advisable under the Plan or the rules,
 regulations, and other requirements of the SEC, any stock exchange upon which such Shares or other securities are then listed, and any applicable Federal or state laws. The Committee may cause a legend or legends to be put on any such certificates
 to make appropriate reference to such restrictions. 

16 

(e) Withholding . 

(i) A Participant may be required to pay to the Company or any Affiliate, and, subject to Section 409A of
 the Code, the Company or any Affiliate shall have the right and is hereby authorized to withhold from any Award, from any payment due or transfer made under any Award or under the Plan or from any compensation or other amount owing to a Participant
 the amount (in cash, Shares, other securities, other Awards or other property) of any applicable withholding taxes in respect of an Award, its exercise, or any payment or transfer under an Award or under the Plan, and to take such other action(s)
 as may be necessary in the opinion of the Company to satisfy all obligations for the payment of such taxes. 

(ii) Without limiting the generality of clause (i) above, in the discretion of the Committee and subject to
 such rules as it may adopt (including, without limitation, any as may be required to satisfy applicable tax and/or non-tax regulatory requirements) and applicable law, a Participant may satisfy, in whole or in part, the foregoing withholding
 liability by delivery of Shares owned by the Participant (which are not subject to any pledge or other security interest and which have been owned by the Participant for at least six months) with a Fair Market Value equal to such withholding
 liability or by having the Company withhold from the number of Shares otherwise issuable pursuant to the exercise of the Option (or the settlement of such Award in Shares) a number of Shares with a Fair Market Value equal to such withholding
 liability. 

(f) Award Agreements. Each Award hereunder shall be
 evidenced by an Award Agreement, which shall be delivered to the Participant and shall specify the terms and conditions of the Award and any rules applicable thereto, including, but not limited to, the effect on such Award of the death, disability
 or termination of employment or service of a Participant and the effect, if any, of such other events as may be determined by the Committee. 

(g) No Limit on Other Compensation Arrangements. Nothing
 contained in the Plan shall prevent the Company or any Affiliate from adopting or continuing in effect other compensation arrangements, which may, but need not, provide for the grant of options, restricted stock, restricted stock units, Shares and
 other types of Awards provided for hereunder (subject to stockholder approval if such approval is required), and such arrangements may be either generally applicable or applicable only in specific cases. 

(h) No Right to Employment. The grant of an Award
 shall not be construed as giving a Participant the right to be retained in the employ of, or in any consulting or other service relationship to, or as a director on the Board or board of directors, as applicable, of, the Company or any Affiliate. 
 Further, the Company or an Affiliate may at any time dismiss a Participant from employment or discontinue any consulting or other service relationship, free from any liability or any claim under the Plan or any Award Agreement, unless otherwise
 expressly provided in any applicable Award Agreement or any applicable employment or other service contract or agreement with the Company or an Affiliate. 

(i) No Rights as Stockholder. Subject to the
 provisions of the applicable Award, no Participant or holder or beneficiary of any Award shall have any rights as a stockholder with respect to any Shares to be distributed under the Plan until he or she has become the holder of such Shares. 
 Notwithstanding the foregoing, in connection with each grant of Restricted Stock hereunder, the applicable Award shall specify if and to what extent the Participant shall be entitled to the rights of a stockholder in respect of such Restricted
 Stock. 

17 

(j) Governing Law. The validity, construction, and
 effect of the Plan and any rules and regulations relating to the Plan and any Award Agreement shall be determined in accordance with the laws of the State of Delaware, applied without giving effect to its conflict of laws principles. 

(k) Severability. If any provision of the Plan or
 any Award is or becomes or is deemed to be invalid, illegal, or unenforceable in any jurisdiction or as to any Person or Award, or would disqualify the Plan or any Award under any law deemed applicable by the Committee, such provision shall be
 construed or deemed amended to conform to the applicable laws, or if it cannot be construed or deemed amended without, in the determination of the Committee, materially altering the intent of the Plan or the Award, such provision shall be stricken
 as to such jurisdiction, Person or Award and the remainder of the Plan and any such Award shall remain in full force and effect. 

(l) Other Laws. The Committee may refuse to issue or
 transfer any Shares or other consideration under an Award if, acting in its sole discretion, it determines that the issuance or transfer of such Shares or such other consideration might violate any applicable law or regulation or entitle the
 Company to recover the same under Section 16(b) of the Exchange Act, and any payment tendered to the Company by a Participant, other holder or beneficiary in connection with the exercise of such Award shall be promptly refunded to the relevant
 Participant, holder or beneficiary. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, no Award granted hereunder shall be construed as an offer to sell securities of the Company, and no such offer shall be outstanding, unless and until the
 Committee in its sole discretion has determined that any such offer, if made, would be in compliance with the requirements of all applicable securities laws. 

(m) No Trust or Fund Created. Neither the Plan nor
 any Award shall create or be construed to create a trust or separate fund of any kind or a fiduciary relationship between the Company or any Affiliate and a Participant or any other Person. To the extent that any Person acquires a right to receive
 payments from the Company or any Affiliate pursuant to an Award, such right shall be no greater than the right of any unsecured general creditor of the Company or such Affiliate. 

(n) No Fractional Shares. No fractional Shares shall
 be issued or delivered pursuant to the Plan or any Award, and the Committee shall determine whether cash, other securities, or other property shall be paid or transferred in lieu of any fractional Shares or whether such fractional Shares or any
 rights thereto shall be canceled, terminated, or otherwise eliminated without additional consideration. 

(o) Deferrals. In the event the Committee permits a
 Participant to defer any Award payable in the form of cash, all such elective deferrals shall be accomplished by the delivery of a written, irrevocable election by the Participant on a form provided by the Company. All deferrals shall be made in
 accordance with administrative guidelines established by the Committee to ensure that such deferrals comply with all applicable requirements of Section 409A of the Code. 

18 

(p) Headings. Headings are given to the Sections and
 subsections of the Plan solely as a convenience to facilitate reference. Such headings shall not be deemed in any way material or relevant to the construction or interpretation of the Plan or any provision thereof. 

Section 16. Compliance with Section 409A of the Code . 

(a) To the extent applicable, it is intended that the Plan and any Awards granted hereunder comply with the provisions of
 Section 409A of the Code, so that the income inclusion provisions of Section 409A(a)(1) of the Code do not apply to the Participants. The Plan and any Awards granted hereunder shall be administered in a manner consistent with this intent. Any
 reference in the Plan to Section 409A of the Code will also include any regulations or any other formal guidance promulgated with respect to such Section by the U.S. Department of the Treasury or the Internal Revenue Service. 

(b) Neither a Participant nor any of a Participant s creditors or beneficiaries shall have the right to subject any deferred
 compensation (within the meaning of Section 409A of Code) payable under the Plan and Awards granted hereunder to any anticipation, alienation, sale, transfer, assignment, pledge, encumbrance, attachment or garnishment. Except as permitted under
 Section 409A of the Code, any deferred compensation (within the meaning of Section 409A of the Code) payable to a Participant or for a Participant s benefit under the Plan and Awards granted hereunder may not be reduced by, or offset against, any
 amount owing by a Participant to the Company or any of its Affiliates. 

(c) If, at the time of a Participant s separation from service (within the meaning of Section 409A of the Code), (i) the
 Participant shall be a specified employee (within the meaning of Section 409A of the Code and using the identification methodology selected by the Company from time to time) and (ii) the Company shall make a good faith determination that an amount
 payable hereunder constitutes deferred compensation (within the meaning of Section 409A of the Code) the payment of which is required to be delayed pursuant to the six-month delay rule set forth in Section 409A of the Code in order to avoid taxes
 or penalties under Section 409A of the Code, then the Company shall not pay such amount on the otherwise scheduled payment date but shall instead pay it on the earlier of (A) the first business day of the seventh month following the Participant s
 separation from service or (B) the date of the Participant s death. 

(d) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the Plan or any Award Agreement, to the extent that the Plan and/or Awards
 granted hereunder are subject to Section 409A of the Code, the Committee may, in its sole discretion and without a Participant s prior consent, amend the Plan and/or Award, adopt policies and procedures, or take any other actions (including,
 without limitation, amendments, policies, procedures and actions with retroactive effect) as the Committee determines are necessary or appropriate to (i) exempt the Plan and/or any Award from the application of Section 409A of the Code, (ii)
 preserve the intended tax treatment of any such Award, or (iii) comply with the requirements of Section 409A of the Code, including, without limitation, any regulations or other guidance that may be issued after the date of the grant. In any case,
 notwithstanding anything to the contrary, a Participant shall be solely responsible and liable for the satisfaction of all taxes and penalties that may be imposed on a Participant or for a Participant s account in connection with the Plan and
 Awards granted hereunder (including, but not limited to, any taxes and penalties under Section 409A of the Code), and neither the Company nor any of its Affiliates shall have any obligation to indemnify or otherwise hold a Participant harmless from
 any or all of such taxes or penalties. 

19 

Section 17. Term of the Plan . 

(a) Effective Date. The Plan shall be effective as
 of the date of its approval by the stockholders of the Company. Any Awards granted under the Plan prior to such approval of stockholders shall be effective as of the date of grant (unless, with respect to any Award, the Committee specifies
 otherwise at the time of grant), but no such Award may be exercised or settled, and no restrictions relating to any Award may lapse, prior to such stockholder approval, and if stockholders fail to approve the Plan as specified hereunder, any such
 Award shall be canceled. Subject to approval of the Plan by the stockholders of the Company, no award grants will be made under the Prior Plan on or after the Effective Date, except that outstanding awards granted under the Prior Plan shall
 continue unaffected from and after the Effective Date. 

(b) Expiration Date. No Award will be granted under
 the Plan more than ten years after the Effective Date, but all Awards granted on or prior to such date will continue in effect thereafter subject to the terms thereof and of the Plan. 

20 

</EX-10.1>

<EX-10.36>
 3
 brhc10049632_ex10-36.htm
 EXHIBIT 10.36

Exhibit 10.36 

Turning Point Brands, Inc. 
 5201 Interchange Way 
 Louisville, KY 40229

November 2, 2022

Dear David:

As discussed, the Board of Directors (the Board of Turning Point Brands, Inc., together
 with any successor thereto Turning Point and, together with its applicable employing subsidiaries, the Company 
 has appointed you to the position of Executive Chairman of Turning Point, to be effective on or about January 1, 2023 (the date on which your appointment becomes effective, the Effective

 Date ). This letter agreement (this Letter sets forth the general terms, provisions and conditions of your service as Executive Chairman. If you find
 these terms, provisions and conditions acceptable, please sign this Letter where indicated and return to me as soon as possible.

Term : Your service as Executive Chairman will be for a
 period commencing on the Effective Date and ending on the second anniversary of the Effective Date (the Term ), unless terminated earlier by either party.

Salary; Target Bonus : You will not receive an annual
 base salary for your service as Executive Chairman. The Board or a committee thereof will determine an appropriate target-level annual bonus opportunity for you in connection with its compensation-setting process in early 2023 and early 2024 and
 will consult with you on any applicable performance objectives/parameters.

Equity Compensation . For each calendar year commencing
 during the Term, you will receive an equity award under the Company s long-term equity incentive program, with an annual grant date value of at least 1,000,000 (the Annual LTI 
 on terms and conditions that are generally consistent with the terms and conditions applicable to LTI awards granted to the Company s other senior executives; provided

 that the Annual LTI will consist of 50 time-based restricted stock units and 50 stock options and will vest in quarterly installments during the Term. The Annual LTI will be subject to the terms and conditions of the Company s equity
 incentive plan and shall be subject to the award agreement(s) attached hereto as Exhibit A . The Annual LTI grant in respect of a given calendar year will be made at the
 time that annual LTI grants are made for such calendar year Company s to the Company s senior executives generally.

Notwithstanding anything in the applicable award agreement(s) to the contrary, if the Term is ended as a result of a Good Reason Event (as defined below), then,
 subject to your execution of a release of claims on a form substantially attached hereto as Exhibit B which becomes effective and non-revocable within 55 days, your Annual LTI will be treated as follows:

If a Good Reason Event occurs after both the Annual LTI awards for 2023 and 2024 have been granted, then any portion of such Annual LTI awards that are unvested will
 become immediately vested on the date the release becomes effective;

If a Good Reason Event occurs prior to the Annual LTI award being granted
 in respect of the 2023 calendar year, then, in lieu of making any Annual LTI grants, the Company will provide you with a cash payment equal to 1,000,000, less applicable taxes and withholdings, in full satisfaction of the Annual LTI awards
 contemplated hereunder, to be paid within 60 days thereafter; or

If a Good Reason Event occurs prior to the Annual LTI award being granted in respect of the 2024 calendar year but following the date on which the Annual LTI award for
 2023 has been granted, then (i) any portion of the Annual LTI award granted during 2023 that is unvested will become immediately vested on the date the release becomes effective and (ii) in lieu of making the Annual LTI grant for 2024, the Company
 will provide you with a cash payment equal to 1,000,000, less applicable taxes and withholdings, in full satisfaction of the Annual LTI grant to be made in 2024, to be paid within 60 days thereafter.

As used herein, the term Good Reason Event means any of the following without your
 consent: (i) the Board requesting that you resign from the position of Executive Chairman (regardless of whether or not you remain on the Board) for a reason other than (x) your disability or (y) for Cause, (ii) a material diminution in your
 duties, position, authorities or responsibilities as Executive Chairman (including you no longer holding the position of Executive Chairman following a Change in Control); provided, that any alleged conflict with your duties, position, authorities
 or responsibilities and those of the Company s CEO shall not give rise to Good Reason, (iii) you no longer reporting directly to the full Board, or (iv) the breach in any material respect by the Company of any of its other obligations or agreements
 set forth in this Agreement so long as, in each case: (x) you provided the Company with a written notice detailing the specific circumstances alleged to constitute Good Reason within 90 days after the first occurrence of such circumstances, (y) the
 Company failed to cure such Good Reason event(s) within 30 days following receipt of such notice to cure such circumstances in all material respects, and (z) following the Company s failure to cure during the 30 day cure period, you terminate your
 position as Executive Chair (regardless of whether or not you remain on the Board) no later than 60 days after the expiration of such cure period.

As used herein, the term Cause means:

Your material breach of any other agreement between you and the Company if not cured within 10 days after written notice thereof, or any material violation of any rule, policy,
 procedure or other requirement of the Company;

Your commission of an act of fraud, embezzlement or similar dishonest act against any member of the Company or any customer, client or business associate of any member of the
 Company;

Your conviction for any felony or crime of dishonesty (as determined by a court of competent jurisdiction, and which is not subject to further appeal);

Any egregious or unwarranted conduct by you that materially discredits any member of the Company or is materially detrimental to the reputation or standing of any member of the
 Company; or

Willful misconduct that is demonstrably deliberate on your part, or gross negligence.

As used herein, Change in Control shall have the meaning set forth in the Company s 2021
 Equity Incentive Plan.

Additional Terms and Conditions 

1. Duties

 and Responsibilities : As Executive Chair, you will report to the full Board. You will be responsible for carrying out all duties and responsibilities associated with your position as Executive Chairman of the Company and will be
 expected to devote the majority of your working time and attention to the Company. You shall have all of the authority, and perform all of the functions, that are consistent with such position, subject to lawful direction by the Board. You will
 be subject to, and agree to abide by, such rules, policies and procedures as the Company maintains (including, but not limited to, the Turning Point Brands, Inc. Code of Business Conduct and Ethics (as amended from time to time, the Code of Conduct and Ethics )) or may from time to time establish with respect to executives, employees in general, standard operating procedures, business operations, etc. 

2. Indemnification: The Company shall, to the fullest extent to which it is empowered to do so by applicable law, defend, indemnify and hold you harmless from and against
 all claims, demands, lawsuits, liabilities, losses, damages, penalties, fines, costs and expense (including, but not limited to, reasonable related attorneys fees) arising from any actual, threatened, pending or completed action, suit or
 proceeding, whether civil, criminal, administrative, investigative or otherwise, to which you are or are threatened to be made a party by reason of your services as an officer and/or director of the Company. Nothing in this Letter shall be
 deemed to preclude you from receiving any of the benefits or protections, including without limitation representation, available to you following any separation under (a) any officers and directors insurance policy maintained by the Company which
 provides coverage during your employment by the Company as an officer or director of the Company or (b) the Company s bylaws, Certificate of Incorporation or under applicable law. Any such benefits and protections shall or shall not be provided
 solely in accordance with the terms and conditions of any such policies, documents and applicable law. 

3. Amendment; Assignment . This
 Letter shall not be amended or modified except by written agreement signed by both parties. Any successor to the Company shall be obligated to assume and perform the terms of this Letter. 

/s/ Ashley Davis 

November 2, 2022 

Ashley Davis, Lead Independent Director

Date 

I agree to the terms and conditions of the offer set forth above.

/s/ David Glazek 

November 2, 2022 

David Glazek 

Date 

</EX-10.36>

<EX-10.37>
 4
 brhc10049632_ex10-37.htm
 EXHIBIT 10.37

Exhibit 10.37

Turning Point Brands. Inc.

 5201 Interchange Way

 Louisville, KY 40229

December 12, 2022

Graham A. Purdy

 5201 Interchange Way

 Louisville KY 40229

Dear Mr. Purdy:

As discussed, Turning Point Brands, Inc., together with any successor thereto ("Turning Point" and, together with its applicable employing subsidiaries,
 the "Company"), agrees to continue to retain your services on the terms, provisions and conditions set forth in this employment letter (this "Agreement"). If you find these terms, provisions and conditions acceptable, please sign
 this Agreement where indicated and return it to me as soon as possible. It will become effective on the date that both you and the Company have executed this Agreement (the "Effective Date"). As of the Effective Date, this Agreement shall
 supersede and replace, in its entirety, any prior agreement by and between you and Turning Point and any of its subsidiaries, including the employment agreement dated as of February 25, 2021 (the "Prior Agreement"), and you shall no longer
 have any rights or benefits thereunder.

Position: Unless and until changed by the Company, your job position and title will be Chief Executive Officer and President of the
 Company, effective as of October 17, 2022.

Duration of Employment: You will continue to be employed by the Company pursuant to the terms of this Agreement for an initial term
 of one year, commencing on the Effective Date and ending on the one-year anniversary of the Effective Date (the "Initial Term"), and your employment period will be automatically renewed each year at the expiration of the Initial Term, or
 upon the applicable anniversary thereof, whichever applicable, unless either you or the Company provides the other with a written notice of non-renewal at least 60 days prior to the applicable expiration date (the Initial Term and any renewal
 period(s) together, the " Term ").

Location of Employment: You will be employed by the Company based out of Louisville, Kentucky.

Salary: Your annual base salary (as in effect from time to time, "Salary") will be 750,000.00 per calendar year, effective
 October 17, 2022, unless adjusted by the Board of Director s of Turning Point (the "Board") in its sole discretion. Salary will be disbursed in periodic installments throughout the year in accordance
 with the Company's regular payroll cycle and policies.

Annual Bonus: During each year of the Term, you will have the opportunity to earn an annual cash bonus, with the target amount of
 such annual cash bonus equal to 100 of your Salary, based on the attainment of pre-established performance goals set each year by the Board or a committee thereof. For the 2022 calendar year, the amount of your target annual bonus will be
 pro-rated to reflect your new Salary of 750,000 effective for the period beginning on October 17, 2022 and ending on December 31, 2022. The actual amount of your annual bonus that is earned each year will be determined by the Board or a committee
 thereof and may exceed (or be less than) the target bonus based on the level of achievement of the designated performance goals, as determined in accordance with the terms and conditions of the Company s annual bonus award program as may be in
 effect from time to time. The annual bonus for a particular calendar year shall be paid to you in the first quarter of the calendar year immediately following the calendar year to which such Annual Bonus relates, subject to your continued
 employment with the Company on the applicable payment date.

1 

Equity Compensation . During each year of the Term commencing on or after January 1, 2023, you will be eligible to receive an equity award under the
 Company s long-term equity incentive program, with an annual grant date value of at least 500,000, consisting of a mix of restricted stock units, performance restricted stock units and stock options, as determined by the Board or the Compensation
 Committee (the Annual LTI ). Restricted stock units shall be valued at the market value of the Company s common stock on the grant date and stock options shall be valued based-on a Black-Scholes calculation prepared
 in good faith by the Board or Compensation Committee. The Annual LTI awards will be subject to the terms and conditions of the Company s equity incentive plan and the applicable award agreement(s), which will be provided to you at the time the
 applicable Annual LTI award is granted. The Annual LTI grant in respect of 2023 is expected to be made at the time that annual LTI grants are made in respect of 2023 to the Company s senior executives.

Compensation Review: Th e Board intends to review your compensation on an annual basis, with
 the first such review to occur in or around March 2024.

Annual Paid Vacation Allowance: Four weeks, subject to the terms and conditions herein and in the Company's vacation policies as in
 effect from time to time.

Severance Benefits Period: A period of 12 months following a termination of your employment with the Company and its subsidiaries by the Company without
 Cause (other than death or disability) or resignation of your employment with the Company and its subsidiaries by you for Good Reason, other than within one year following a Change of Control. If you resign for Good Reason or are terminated by the
 Company without Cause (other than death or disability) within one year following a Change of Control, the Severance Benefits Period shall be a period of 24 months following such termination of employment.

Restricted Period: The Term plus an additional 12 months following any Separation, unless such Separation triggers a Severance
 Benefit Period of 24 months, in which case the Restricted Period shall be the Term, plus an additional 24 months following the last day of the Term.

Additional Benefits: You will be entitled to participate in the medical, dental and 401(k) savings benefit plans offered to the
 Company's executives pursuant to the terms and conditions of each such benefit plan in effect from time to time, which may be authorized, amended or discontinued by the Company in its sole discretion. The Company will provide a description of the
 group benefit programs and enrollment forms.

Additional Terms and Conditions 

1. Your Representations: You represent that you are eligible to accept and continue employment, and that you
 have not previously been, are not currently and will not be subject to any agreement or obligation which would bar or limit your ability to perform your duties and responsibilities with the Company. You also represent that all information you
 have submitted to the Company as part of any application process and your prior employment with the Company, including without limitation your resume, application for employment and employment records, is true and complete. 

2. Duties and Responsibilities: As Chief Executive Officer and President of the
 Company, you will report directly to the full Board of Directors (the Board ). You will be responsible for carrying out all duties and responsibilities associated with your position as Chief Executive Officer and President, and as otherwise
 directed by the Board, which may include travel as necessary consistent with your prior employment with the Company. You will be subject to, and agree to abide by, such rules, policies and procedures as the Company maintains (including, but not
 limited to, the Turning Point Brands, Inc. Code of Business Conduct and Ethics (as amended from time to time, the "Code of Conduct and Ethics")) or may from time to time establish with respect to executives, employees in general, standard
 operating procedures, business operations, etc. 

2 

3. Use of Vacation: Your Annual Paid Vacation Allowance may be used at any time, subject
 to the Company's policies regarding vacations. Vacation days will not carry over from one year to the next, and no compensation will be paid for unused vacation (except as may be required by law upon separation from employment). 

4. Separation from Employment: You will, upon separation from employment with the
 Company and its subsidiaries for any reason (such as termination, resignation, death or disability) (each, a "Separation"), receive such salary and other benefits as have accrued as of the date and time of Separation, and as may otherwise
 be required by law, as well as such Salary, bonuses and benefits as may be due and owing under this Agreement. Notwithstanding the forgoing, in the event that the Company determines in good faith that your Separation is not considered a
 "separation from service" under Treasury Regulation 1.409A-1(h) because (a) you have not separated but have changed status to a part time employee, consultant or independent contractor performing more than 20 of the average level of bona fide
 services (whether as an employee, consultant or independent contractor) you performed over the immediately preceding 36-month period, or (b) you are continuing employment with another entity that is considered a single entity with the Company ("Employer

Group") under Section 414(b) or (c) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the "Code"), any Severance Benefits to which you may be entitled under other provisions of this Agreement shall begin immediately when your status changes
 such that the Company determines that you have "separated from service" under Treasury Regulation 1.409A-I (h). For this purpose, service performed as an employee or as an independent contractor is counted, except that service as a member of
 the board of directors of a member of the Employer Group is not counted unless termination benefits under this Agreement are aggregated for purposes of Section 409A of the Code with benefits under any other Employer Group plan or agreement in
 which you also participate as a director. 

Notwithstanding any provisions of this Agreement to the contrary, if you are a "specified employee" (within the meaning of Section 409A of the Code and
 determined pursuant to procedures adopted by the Company) at the time of your separation from service and if any portion of the payments or benefits to be received by you upon separation from service would be considered deferred compensation under
 Section 409A of the Code, amounts that would otherwise be payable pursuant to this Agreement during the six-month period immediately following your separation from service shall instead be paid or made available, with interest at the Wall Street
 Journal prime rate as of the date of separation from service, on the earlier of (i) the first business day of the seventh month following the date of your separation from service or (ii) your death.

4.1 Resignation: You may resign at any time for any reason. In such event, the Company
 may, in the Board's sole discretion, choose to relieve you of your duties prior to the expiration of the notice period set forth in your letter of resignation and pay you two weeks' compensation or your notice period, whichever is shorter. If you
 resign (other than for Good Reason), you shall not be entitled to receive the Severance Benefits.

4.2 Good Reason: As used herein, the term "Good Reason" means any of the
 following without your consent: (i) a material diminution in your duties, position, authorities or responsibilities; provided, that the duties, position, authorities or responsibilities performed or assumed by, or assigned to, the Executive
 Chairman of the Company shall not give rise to claim of Good Reason for purposes of this Agreement or any other agreement with the Company, (ii) the failure by the Company to pay or provide to you, within 30 days after receipt of a written demand
 therefor, any material amount of compensation or expense reimbursement or any benefit which is due, owing and payable pursuant to the terms hereof or of any applicable plan, program, arrangement or policy; (iii) a reduction in your Salary, other
 than a reduction generally applicable to similarly situated executives of the Company; (iv) a material reduction in your employee benefits, other than a reduction generally applicable to similarly situated executives of the Company; (v) the breach
 in any material respect by the Company of any of its other obligations or agreements set forth herein; (vi) the Company requires you to be based at any office or location more than 50 miles from the Location of Employment, or (vii) the Company
 gives notice that it does not wish to renew this Agreement upon expiration of the Term. A termination for Good Reason shall not occur unless: (x) you provide the Company with a written notice detailing the specific circumstances alleged to
 constitute Good Reason within 90 days after the first occurrence of such circumstances, (y) the Company fails to cure such Good Reason event(s) within 30 days following receipt of such notice to cure such circumstances in all material respects, and
 (z) following the Company's failure to cure during the 30 day cure period, you terminate employment no later than 60 days after the expiration of such period.

3 

4.3 Change of Control: As used herein, the term Change of Control shall have the meaning set forth in
 the 2021 Equity Incentive Plan as in effect on the Effective Date.

4.4 Death or Disability: The Term will end and your employment relationship will be
 severed, upon your death or disability. For purposes of this Agreement, you will be considered "disabled" if you are so considered under any applicable disability insurance policy maintained by the Company, or if no such disability
 insurance policy is in effect, on the date that a physician mutually agreed to by the parties determines that you are or will be unable by reason of illness, accident or other physical or mental condition to perform your duties for a continuous
 period of 120 days. or for a period of more than 120 days in any 12-month period, and that there is no objectively reasonable accommodation that would allow you to perform your duties.

In the event of the termination of the Term and your employment due to death or disability, notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement, the Company will pay a
 lump sum payment to you in amount equal to the employer-portion of maintaining COBRA coverage for you (except in the event of death) and your eligible dependents for a period of six months, payable on the 60th day following the date of such
 termination of employment, subject to your execution and non-revocation of a release of claims that becomes effective before such 60 th day. Moreover, you may be
 eligible for disability benefits under the Company's disability benefits plan in accordance with the terms of such plan, if any, in effect at such time.

4.5 Termination Without Cause: The Company may terminate the Term and your employment hereunder without your consent, for no
 stated reason, or for a stated reason but without Cause, with or without notice.

4.6 Termination for Cause: The Term and your employment with the Company may be terminated by the Company, and without your
 consent, for Cause at any time, with or without notice. You shall not be entitled to receive the Severance Benefits if you are terminated for, or later are determined to have failed to comply with this Agreement for, any one or more of the
 following reasons ("Cause"):

Your failure to render required or expected services in accordance with your Job Description or Position after being provided at least 10 days' prior written notice of your failure to render such services;

You are in breach of any of the terms and conditions of this Agreement. if not cured within 10 days after written notice thereof;

Insubordination. consisting of your continued failure to take specific action that is material to the operation of the Company and within your individual control and consistent with your Position, duties and
 responsibilities, after being provided at least 10 days' prior written notice of your failure to take for such action, provided that you have not, in good faith, objected to such action as either a breach of your fiduciary duties, or on
 legal grounds;

Your material breach of any other agreement between you and the Employer Group if not cured within 10 days after written notice thereof, or any material violation of any rule, policy, procedure or other
 requirement of the Company;

Your commission of an act of fraud, embezzlement or similar dishonest act against any member of the Employer Group or any customer, client or business associate of any member of the Employer Group;

Your indictment for any felony or crime of dishonesty;

4 

Any egregious or unwarranted conduct by you that materially discredits any member of the Employer Group or is materially detrimental to the reputation or standing of any member of the Employer Group; or

Willful misconduct that is demonstrably deliberate on your part, or gross negligence.

5.1 Severance Benefits: If the Term and your employment with the Company are terminated by the Company without Cause (as defined in paragraph 4.5), but
 excluding death or disability, or if your resign for Good Reason, or if the Company chooses not to renew the Term of this Agreement (a Qualifying Termination ), you shall be entitled to receive the Severance Benefits described below in paragraphs
 5.1(a) and 5.1(b) (the Severance Benefits ), provided that you have executed and delivered a Release and Severance Agreement in the form of Exhibit A attached hereto (as may be modified by the Company and reasonably acceptable to you due to
 subsequent changes in law), and all applicable revocation periods relating to the release expire, within 55 days following the date of such Separation.

5.1(a) Severance Compensation: Continuation of your then current Salary (or, in the case of a Good Reason
 termination due to a reduction in Salary, at the Salary in effect immediately prior to such reduction) during the Severance Benefits Period described above ("Severance Pay"). Any Severance Pay will be paid to you in equal installments
 during the Severance Benefits Period, in accordance with the Company's regular payroll cycle, with the first such payment beginning on the 60' h day following your Separation, and the first such payment will include all accrued amounts during the 60-day period from your Separation date until the 60t h day following your Separation date. You will also receive a severance bonus equal to the average of the annual cash bonuses received by you for the 24 months prior to your Separation ("Severance Bonus"). In the event of
 a Qualifying Termination within one year following a Change of Control, your Severance Bonus shall instead be equal to two times the average of the annual cash bonuses received by you for the 24 months prior to your Separation. Any Severance Bonus
 will be paid in two equal installments the first installment on the later of (i) when all other Company annual bonuses, if awarded, are next paid, or, if not awarded, when such bonuses would have next been paid in the year following the year of
 services (but no later than March 15 th of such year), and (ii) the 60th day following your Separation, and the second installment at the end of the Restricted Period.
 Severance Pay and Severance Bonus payment timing shall also be subject to the "specified employee" delay in paragraph 4 above for any portion of such amounts that are subject to Section 409A of the Code. Normal payroll taxes and deductions will be
 withheld from any Severance Pay and Severance Bonus payments.

5.1(b) Health Benefits Stipend and Access: Upon a Qualifying Termination, the Company will pay a lump sum
 payment to you in amount equal to the cost of the employer-portion of maintaining COBRA coverage for you and your eligible dependents for 12 months, payable on the 60 th 
 day following the date of your Separation.

5.2 Other Additional Benefits: Any outstanding equity awards held by you upon the
 termination of the Term and your termination of employment with the Company will be treated in accordance with the terms of the applicable award agreements. Your entitlement to actively participate as an employee in the Company s health and welfare
 and retirement plans will cease upon your Separation, except as otherwise provided in this Agreement or the written terms of the applicable benefit plans.

5.3 280G Cap: Notwithstanding any other provisions in this Agreement, in the event that any payment or benefit
 received or to be received by you (including any payment or benefit received in connection with a Change of Control or the termination of your employment related to such a Change of Control, whether pursuant to the terms of this Agreement or any
 other plan, program. arrangement or agreement) (all such payments and benefits, together, the "Total Payments") would be subject (in whole or part), to any excise tax imposed under Section 4999 of the Code, or any successor provision
 thereto (the "Excise Tax"), then, after taking into account any reduction in the Total Payments provided by reason of Section 280G of the Code in such other plan, program, arrangement or agreement, the Company will reduce the Total Payments
 to the extent necessary so that no portion of the Total Payments is subject to the Excise Tax (but in no event to less than zero); provided, however, that the Total Payments will only be reduced if the net amount of such Total Payments, as so
 reduced (and after subtracting the net amount of federal, state, municipal and local income and employment taxes on such reduced Total Payments and after taking into account the phase out of itemized deductions and personal exemptions attributable
 to such reduced Total Payments), is greater than or equal to the net amount of such Total Payments without such reduction (but after subtracting the net amount of federal, state, municipal and local income and employment taxes on such Total
 Payments and the amount of Excise Tax to which you would be subject in respect of such unreduced Total Payments and after taking into account the phase out of itemized deductions and personal exemptions attributable to such unreduced Total
 Payments).

5 

In the case of a reduction in the Total Payments, the Total Payments will be reduced in the following order: (i) payments that are payable in cash that are
 valued at full value under Treasury Regulation 1.280G-1, Q A 24(a) will be reduced (if necessary, to zero), with amounts that are payable last reduced first; (ii) payments and benefits due in respect of any equity valued at full value under
 Treasury Regulation 1.280G-1, Q A 24(a), with the highest values reduced first (as such values are determined under Treasury Regulation Section 1.280G-1, Q A 24), will next be reduced; (iii) payments that are payable in cash that are
 valued at less than full value under Treasury Regulation 1.280G-1, Q A 24, with amounts that are payable last reduced first, will next be reduced; (iv) payments and benefits due in respect of any equity valued at less than full value under
 Treasury Regulation 1.2800-1, Q A 24, with the highest values reduced first (as such values are determined under Treasury Regulation Section 1.280G-1, Q A 24), will next be reduced; and (v) all other non-cash benefits not otherwise
 described in clauses (ii) or (iv) will be next reduced pro-rata. Any reductions made pursuant to each of clauses (i)-(v) above will be made in the following manner: first, a pro-rata reduction of cash payment and payments and benefits due in
 respect of any equity not subject to Section 409A of the Code, and second, a pro-rata reduction of cash payments and payments and benefits due in respect of any equity subject to Section 409A of the Code as deferred compensation.

For purposes of determining whether and the extent to which the Total Payments will be subject to the Excise Tax: (i) no portion of the Total Payments the
 receipt or enjoyment of which you shall have waived at such time and in such manner as not to constitute a "payment" within the meaning of Section 280G(b) of the Code will be taken into account; (ii) no portion of the Total Payments will be taken
 into account which, in the opinion of a nationally recognized tax counsel ("Tax Counsel") selected by the Company and reasonably acceptable to you and the accounting firm which was, immediately prior to the change in control, the Company's
 independent auditor (the "Auditor"), does not constitute a "parachute payment" within the meaning of Section 280G(b)(2) of the Code (including by reason of Section 2800(6)(4) (A) of the Code) and, in calculating the Excise Tax, no portion
 of such Total Payments will be taken into account which, in the opinion of Tax Counsel, constitutes reasonable compensation for services actually rendered, within the meaning of Section 280G(b)(4)(B) of the Code, in excess of the "base amount" (as
 set forth in Section 2800(b)(3) of the Code) that is allocable to such reasonable compensation; and (iii) the value of any non-cash benefit or any deferred payment or benefit included in the Total Payments will be determined by the Auditor in
 accordance with the principles of Sections 280G(d) (3) and (4) of the Code.

At the time that payments are made under this Agreement, the Company will provide you with a written statement setting forth the manner in which such payments
 were calculated and the basis for such calculations, including but not limited to, any opinions or other advice the Company received from Tax Counsel, the Auditor, or other advisors or consultants (and any such opinions or advice which are in
 writing will be attached to the statement). If you object to the Company's calculations, the Company will pay to you such portion of the Total Payments (up to 100 thereof) as you determine is necessary to result in the proper application of this
 subsection. All determinations required by this subsection (or requested by either you or the Company in connection with this subsection) will be at the expense of the Company. The fact that your right to payments or benefits may be reduced by
 reason of the limitations contained in this subsection will not of itself limit or otherwise affect any other rights you have under this Agreement.

If you receive reduced payments and benefits by reason of this subsection and it is established pursuant to a determination of a court of competent
 jurisdiction which is not subject to review or as to which the time to appeal has expired, or pursuant to an Internal Revenue Service proceeding, that you could have received a greater amount without resulting in any Excise Tax, then the Company
 shall thereafter pay you the aggregate additional amount which could have been paid without resulting in any Excise Tax as soon as reasonably practicable.

6 

5.4 Resignations: If and to the extent requested by the Board, you hereby agree to resign
 from all fiduciary positions (including as trustee) and all other offices, board and other positions you hold as of such time; provided, however, that if you fail to tender your resignation after the Board has made such request, then you will be
 deemed to have resigned from all such offices, board and positions.

6. Indemnification: The Company shall, to the fullest extent to which it is empowered to
 do so by applicable law, defend, indemnify and hold you harmless from and against all claims, demands, lawsuits, liabilities, losses, damages, penalties, fines, costs and expense (including, but not limited to, reasonable related attorneys' fees)
 arising from any actual, threatened, pending or completed action. suit or proceeding, whether civil, criminal, administrative, investigative or otherwise, to which you are or are threatened to be made a party by reason of your services as an
 officer and/or director of the Company. 

7. Non-Disclosure; Non-Use: You agree not to disclose, give, sell or otherwise divulge
 the "Confidential Information" (as defined in the Code of Conduct and Ethics) to any other person or entity at any time without the Company's prior written consent, except (i) where required by law or pursuant to a subpoena or
 court order or (ii) during the Term, disclosures to third parties that are made in your capacity as CEO and President to the extent required to benefit the Company s business. . You further agree not to (i) use any
 of the Confidential Information for your own account for or for the account of any other person or entity or (ii) use or retain, without the Company's prior written consent, any figures, calculations, letters, papers, drawings, computer
 printouts, computer discs or tapes, or copies thereof or other Confidential Information of any type or description pertaining to the Company, except in furtherance of the Company's interests. 

You further agree that, upon your Separation, that you will (i) return physical copies of the Company's information and Confidential Information in your
 possession. under your control or removed from the Company's premises by you or under your direction, (ii) destroy all electronic copies of the Company's information and Confidential Information in your possession, under your control or which was
 copied or removed from the Company's premises or equipment by you or under your direction and (iii) return all Company property in your possession or under your control, including without limitation the following: Company computers, mobile devices,
 cellular telephones, Company automobiles and keys and access cards to Company property.

In the event that you are legally compelled by regulatory or legal process to disclose the Confidential Information, the foregoing confidentiality obligations
 shall not apply to you with respect to such information, provided that you have given the Company prompt prior written notice of such compulsion, cooperate with the Company in connection with any of its efforts to prevent or limit the scope of such
 disclosure and, following completion of such efforts, you only disclose such information as required under such regulatory or legal process then applicable to you.

Notwithstanding anything set forth herein to the contrary, nothing in this Agreement shall (i) prohibit you from making reports of possible violations of
 federal law or regulation to any governmental agency or entity in accordance with the provisions of and rules promulgated under Section 21F of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, or Section 806 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, or of
 any other whistleblower protection provisions of federal law or regulation, or (ii) require notification or prior approval by the Company of any such report; provided that, you are not authorized to disclose communications with counsel that were
 made for the purpose of receiving legal advice or that contain legal advice or that are protected by the attorney work product or similar privilege. Furthermore, you shall not be held criminally or civilly liable under any federal or state trade
 secret law for the disclosure of a trade secret that is made (i) in confidence to a federal, state or local government official, either directly or indirectly, or to an attorney, in each case, solely for the purpose of reporting or investigating a
 suspected violation of law or (ii) in a complaint or other document filed in a lawsuit or proceeding, if such filings are made under seal. Nothing in this paragraph 7, or in the remainder of this Agreement, shall prohibit you from filing a charge
 with any government agency. including the U.S. Equal Employment Opportunity Commission or any similar state or local fair employment practices agency, or from talking to or cooperating in any government investigation by the U.S. Equal Employment
 Opportunity Commission, any similar state or local fair employment practices agency, or the Securities and Exchange Commission, and no notice to the Company is required under these circumstances.

7 

8. Non-Competition: You acknowledge and agree that, during the course of employment with
 the Company, you will : (i) receive significant training in, and generate and use, the Company's good will and experience; (ii) be exposed to confidential aspects of the Company's business and have access
 to and became familiar with Confidential Information, and (iii) perform services for the Company that are special, unique, extraordinary and intellectual in character none of which is commonly known or readily accessible to the public and any of
 which place or placed you in a position of confidence and trust with the customers, potential customers, vendors, employees of the Company and other persons, the loss of which cannot adequately be compensated by damages in an action at law. 

You acknowledge and agree that the Company desires to enter into this Agreement to, in part, protect the Company's vital interest in
 maintaining its Confidential Information, protect the Company's investment in your training and development, protect the Company's business and good will, and avoid Competition (as defined below) with you or any other person or entity with which
 you are employed or affiliated for a time certain following your Separation. For purposes of this Agreement, " Competition - means engaging in, aiding,
 assisting, owning, or controlling (whether as a shareholder, principal, partner, employee, trustee, officer, director agent, independent contractor, or otherwise) any interest in any firm, corporation, business, or other entity which is (or with
 any other person(s) who are) engaged in competition with the Company in any line of business at the time of your Separation (or within twelve months following your Separation). Nothing in this Agreement shall prohibit or restrict You from holding
 or becoming beneficially interested in up to two percent (2 of any class of securities in any corporation provided that such class of securities are listed on a recognized stock exchange.

For purposes of this Agreement, the "Restricted Area" shall be the entire United States of America.

You agree that, during the Restricted Period, you will not, directly or indirectly, alone or with others, engage in Competition with the
 Company, its successors or assigns or any purchaser of all or substantially all of Company's assets within your Restricted Area.

You acknowledge having carefully read and considered the non-competition provisions of this Agreement and, having done so, agree that the
 covenants and restrictions contained herein are, taken as a whole, fair and reasonable in their duration, geographic scope and scope of restricted activities, do not unduly restrict your ability to obtain or maintain a livelihood and are necessary
 to protect the Company's good will, trade secrets, Confidential Information and business interests. You expressly agree not to raise any issue disputing the reasonableness of the: (i) geographic scope. (ii) type of employment or line of business or
 (iii) duration of any such covenants in any proceeding to enforce such covenants and restrictions.

9. No Solicitation, No Interference and No Hire Covenants: You agree that, during the
 Restricted Period, you will not, directly or indirectly: (i) solicit or encourage any employee or other service provider of the Company or its subsidiaries to leave such employment or service; (ii) interfere with the relationship between the
 Company and any of its employees or service providers; or (iii) hire or cause to be hired any person who, within the twelve (12) month period preceding such hiring, was employed by, or providing services to. the Company or its subsidiaries. 

10. Mutual Nondisparagement: You agree that during the Term and following the termination
 of your employment for any reason, you shall not publicly make any negative, disparaging, detrimental or derogatory remarks or statements (written, oral, telephonic, electronic, or by any other method) about the Company or its subsidiaries or
 affiliates or any of their respective owners, partners, managers, directors, officers, employees or agents, including, without limitation, any remarks or statements that could be reasonably expected to adversely affect in a material manner (i)
 the conduct of the Company's or its subsidiaries' businesses or (ii) the business reputation or relationships of the Company or its subsidiaries and/or any of their past or present officers, directors, agents, employees, attorneys, successors and
 assigns, in each case, except to the extent required by law or legal process. Similarly, following termination of your employment for any reason, the Company shall not publish any negative, disparaging, detrimental or derogatory remarks
 or statements about you or that could be reasonably expected to adversely affect in a material manner your business reputation or relationships (other than in connection with providing truthful responses to shareholders or as may be required to be
 disclosed in the Company s public filings), and the Company shall similarly instruct its executive officers and directors not to make any such statements about you. Nothing in this paragraph 10, or in the
 remainder of this Agreement, shall prohibit you from filing a charge with a government agency, including the U.S. Equal Employment Opportunity Commission or any similar state or local fair employment practices agency, or from talking to or
 cooperating in any investigation by with the U.S. Equal Employment Opportunity Commission, any similar state or local fair employment practices agency, or the Securities and Exchange Commission, and no notice to the Company is required under
 these circumstances. 

8 

11. Intellectual Property: You agree that all patentable inventions,
 discoveries, and trade secrets, whether or not patented, and whether or not reduced to practice, and all copyright interests that are or have been conceived or developed during your employment with the Company, either alone or jointly with
 others, if on the Company's time, using the Company's facilities, specifically relating to the Company, or to the Company's business are done as "works made for hire" for the Company, and you hereby assign to the Company all right, title, and
 interest in all such intellectual property. You agree that the Company shall be the sole owner of all domestic and foreign patents, trademarks, trade names, service marks, domain names and other rights pertaining thereto related to such
 intellectual property, and further agree to execute all documents consistent therewith that the Company reasonably determines to be necessary or convenient for use in applying for, prosecuting. perfecting, or enforcing patents or other
 intellectual property rights, including the execution of any assignments, patent applications, or other documents that the Company may reasonably request. Upon your failure to do so within 10 business days following the Company's written request,
 you hereby irrevocably appoint the Company as your true and lawful attorney-in-fact with full power of delegation and substitution to execute, deliver, file and record, and on your behalf and in the Company's name, such documents consistent with
 this Agreement. This provision is intended to apply only to the extent permitted by applicable law. 

12. Arbitration: Any dispute, claim or controversy arising out of or relating to
 this Agreement. including without limitation any dispute, claim or controversy concerning validity, enforceability, breach or termination hereof), shall be finally settled through arbitration under the rules of the American Arbitration
 Association for arbitration of employment disputes, such arbitration to be conducted in Jefferson County, Kentucky. Each party will be entitled to present evidence and argument to the arbitrator(s). The arbitrator(s) will have the right only to
 interpret and apply the provisions of this Agreement and may not change any of its provisions, except as expressly provided herein. The arbitrator(s) will permit reasonable pre-hearing discovery of facts, to the extent necessary to establish a
 claim or a defense to a claim, subject to supervision by the arbitrator(s). In addition, the Company shall propose a reasonable set of rules to guide any such arbitration proceedings. Such rules shall be designed to lead to a prompt and just
 result without undue delay or expense but will not be unduly prejudicial to either party. The determination of the arbitrator(s) will be conclusive and binding upon the parties and judgment upon the same may be entered in any court having
 jurisdiction thereof. The arbitrator(s) will give written notice to the parties stating the arbitrator's determination, and will furnish to each party a signed copy of such determination. The expenses of arbitration will be borne by the Company,
 unless the arbitrator(s) determine that you have materially failed to succeed in any claim, in which case the arbitrator(s) may equitably determine, consistent with the application of state or federal law, to apportion some of the fees and
 expenses to you, not to exceed the maximum permitted by law. Each party shall bear its own costs and expenses of counsel, unless the arbitrator(s) determine that the Company has material liability to you hereunder, in which event the
 arbitrator(s) may equitably determine that your reasonable counsel fees shall be paid by the Company. Any arbitration hereunder shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the substantive laws of the Commonwealth of Kentucky and, where
 applicable, federal law, without giving effect to the conflict of laws principles of such State. 

13. Section 409A of the Code: To the extent that Section 409A of the Code is
 applicable to any provisions of this Agreement, it is the intent of the parties that such provisions comply with Section 409A of the Code and related regulations, and this Agreement shall be so construed. Each payment under Section 5.1
 of this Agreement shall be considered a separate payment and not one of a series of payments for purposes of Section 409A of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended.

9 

Any reimbursements by the Company to you of any eligible expenses under this Agreement that are not excludable from your income for Federal income tax
 purposes (the "Taxable Reimbursements") shall be made by no later than the earlier of the date on which they would be paid under the Company's normal policies and the last day of the calendar year following the year in which the expense
 was incurred. The amount of any Taxable Reimbursements, and the value of any in-kind benefits to be provided to you, during any calendar year shall not affect the expenses eligible for reimbursement, or in-kind benefits to be provided, in any
 other calendar year (except for any life-term or other aggregate limitation applicable to medical expenses). The right to Taxable Reimbursement, or in-kind benefits, shall not be subject to liquidation or exchange for another benefit.

14. Choice of Law: This Agreement shall in all respects be interpreted,
 enforced and governed by the laws of the Commonwealth of Kentucky, without giving effect to conflict of laws principles of such State. The language of all parts of this Agreement shall in all cases be interpreted as a whole, according to its
 fair meaning, and not strictly for or against any of the parties. 

15. Choice of Forum: Subject to paragraph 12 above, you consent to the
 exclusive jurisdiction of courts located in the Commonwealth of Kentucky. 

16. Equitable Remedies: Notwithstanding any other provisions of this Agreement
 to the contrary, the Company will not be required to seek or participate in arbitration regarding any actual or threatened breach by you of the Non-Disclosure, Non-Competition, No Solicitation, No Interference and No Hire covenants contained in
 this Agreement or any other covenant under this Agreement for which equitable relief may be sought. You agree that the Company will suffer irreparable harm for any such breach or threatened breach and that the Company may not be adequately
 compensated by damages, and that, in addition to all other remedies (including cessation of any severance or separation payments or benefits hereunder), the Company shall be entitled to injunctive relief and specific performance and to pursue
 such remedies in a court of competent jurisdiction in the Commonwealth of Kentucky and no arbitrator may make any ruling inconsistent with the findings or rulings of such court. You agree to waive any argument of lack of personal jurisdiction
 or forum non-convenience with respect to the pursuit of such injunctive relief and specific performance arising out of or relating to this Agreement. 

17. Remedies Cumulative: You agree that nothing herein stated shall be
 construed as prohibiting the Company from pursuing any and all other remedies that may be available to the Company at law, in equity, by contract or otherwise in connection with such violation or threatened violation, including without
 limitation the recovery of monetary damages from you, all of which shall be cumulative to the fullest extent permissible under applicable laws. 

18. Insurance and Corporate Document Protections: Nothing in this Agreement
 shall be deemed to preclude you from receiving any of the benefits or protections, including without limitation representation, available to you following any Separation under (a) any officers and directors insurance policy maintained by the
 Company which provides coverage during your employment by the Company as an officer or director of the Company or (b) the Company's bylaws, Certificate of Incorporation or under applicable law. Any such benefits and protections shall or shall
 not be provided solely in accordance with the terms and conditions of any such policies, documents and applicable law. The Company covenants to maintain, even after your Separation, its officers and directors insurance policy as in effect as of
 your Separation from the Company or another officers and directors policy that provides equivalent or greater benefits and protections to you. 

10 

19. Entire Agreement: Other than agreements concerning equity incentive
 programs and the Code of Conduct and Ethics, this Agreement constitutes and sets forth the entire agreement between you and the Company with respect to the subject matter contained herein and supersedes any and all prior and contemporaneous
 oral or written agreements or understandings between the parties, including, without limitation, the Prior Agreement. You acknowledge and agree that no representation, promise, inducement or statement of intention has been made by the Company
 that is not expressly set forth in this Agreement. No party hereto shall be bound by, or liable for, any alleged representation, promise, inducement or statement of intention not expressly set forth in this Agreement. This Agreement cannot be
 amended, modified or supplemented in any respect, except by a subsequent written agreement signed by all parties hereto. 

20. Binding Effect: This Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the
 benefit of you and your heirs and the Company and its legal representatives. parent, successors and assigns. 

21. No Waiver: No action or inaction by either party shall be taken as a waiver
 of its right to insist that the other party abide by the obligations under this Agreement. unless such waiver is in writing, expressly waives such rights and is signed by legal counsel for the party making such waiver. 

22. Severability: The parties hereby agree that (a) the provisions of this
 Agreement will be severable in the event that for any reason whatsoever any of the provisions hereof are invalid, void or otherwise unenforceable. (b) any such invalid, void or otherwise unenforceable provisions will be replaced by other
 provisions which are as similar as possible in terms to such invalid, void or otherwise unenforceable provisions but are valid and enforceable, and (c) the remaining provisions will remain valid and enforceable to the fullest extent permitted
 by applicable law. 

23. Survival: Any provision contained in this Agreement, which by its nature
 or terms survives the Term or the Restricted Period (including but not limited to of the Non-Disclosure, Non-Competition, No Solicitation, No Interference and No Hire covenants), shall survive the Term and the Restricted Period and continue to
 be binding. 

I trust that this adequately outlines the Company's offer and our discussions. if, however, you have any questions or concerns, please
 do not hesitate to call me.

11 

We are pleased to offer you this position and look forward to a long and mutually rewarding employment relationship.

Sincerely,

/s/ Ashley Davis

Ashley Davis

I agree to the terms and conditions of the employment offer set forth above. 

/s/ Graham Purdy

1/30/2023

Your Signature

Date

12 

RELEASE AND SEVERANCE AGREMENT

This Release and Severance Agreement (this Release is entered into by and between [_____] Employee and Turning Point Brands, Inc. Turning Point 
 and, collectively with its parent(s), subsdiary(ies), and all other related companies, the Company ). Employee and Turning Point are referred to herein as the " Parties ."

RECITALS

A. 
 
 Employee and Turning Point are parties to an Employment Letter, dated as of [_____] (the " Employment Agreement "), which provides for severance after termination in certain circumstances,
 conditioned upon Employee first signing a general release of claims following termination of Employee s employment, which release becomes irrevocable in accordance with its terms.

B. 
 
 This Release is the contemplated release of claims under the Employment Agreement and Employee received this Release on [_____] (the " Presentation Date ").

C. 
 
 Effective as of [______] (such date, the Separation Date ), Employee no longer serves as Chief Executive Officer, President, member of the board of directors, or holds any other offices or fiduciary positions with the Company
 and the Employee s employment with the Company and the Term (as defined under the Employment Agreement) shall have ended as of such date.

D. 
 
 The Parties desire to settle any and all other claims, if any, that Employee may have against the Company and the other Releasees (as defined below) that are releasable by law.

AGREEMENT

NOW, THEREFORE , in consideration for the covenants and mutual promises contained in the Employment Agreement, the Parties agree as follows:

PART I

For and in consideration of the promises made herein by Employee in Part II and Part III of this Release, including Employee s continued compliance with Sections 9-13 of the Employment Agreement, and his performance thereof, the sufficiency of
 which, either separately or combined, is hereby acknowledged, Turning Point agrees as follows:

1.1 Severance Benefits to Employee . In exchange for Employee signing this Release, complying
 with its terms, Employee s continued compliance with Sections 9-13 of the Employment Agreement, and not revoking this Release, the Company will pay and provide to Employee the severance payments and benefits described on Annex A (the " Severance

Benefits ") as and when therein required, if, and only if, (1) Employee signs this Release and returns it to the Company; and (2) the seven (7) day revocation period in Part II, Section 2.4 has expired on or before the 55 th day after the Presentation Date, provided that Employee has not exercised his right to revoke this Release at any time in accordance with Part II, Section 2.4 below.

13 

1.2 Separate and Adequate Age Claim Consideration. The Parties expressly agree and acknowledge that a
 portion of the Severance Benefits in Section 1.1 above represents separate and adequate consideration, to which Employee is not otherwise entitled, in exchange for Employee's Age Claim Waiver, set out below in Part II. Turning Point's present
 promise to provide this consideration is exchanged for Employee's present release of any Age Claims at the time this Release is executed on each of the first and second spaces below.

1.3 COBRA. Employee will be given separate information regarding Employee s right to continue group health coverage under the Company s health
 plan, as required by the Consolidated Omnibus Budget Reconciliation Act of 1985 COBRA ). The Company acknowledges that Employee will be entitled to COBRA continuation coverage in accordance with applicable law following the Separation
 Date, at his own cost, subject to his timely election to receive such coverage and his payment of the applicable premiums.

PART II

For and in consideration of the promises made herein by Turning Point in Part I of this Release, and its performance thereof, the sufficiency of which is hereby acknowledged, Employee agrees as follows:

2.1 General Release and Waiver of All Claims
 and Potential Claims . Employee hereby releases all claims and potential claims, known and unknown, against the Company and the other Releasees (as defined below) that are releasable by law. More specifically, for and on behalf of
 himself and his family, dependents, heirs, executors, administrators and assigns, Employee hereby irrevocably and unconditionally releases the Company and its respective predecessors, successors, and all their past, present or future assigns,
 parents, subsidiaries, affiliates, insurers, attorneys, divisions, subdivisions and affiliated entities, together with their respective current and former officers, directors, shareholders, fiduciaries, administrators, trustees, agents,
 employees, attorneys, insurers and/or representatives, and their respective predecessors, successors and assigns, heirs, executors, administrators, and any and all other affiliated persons, firms, plans or corporations which may have an interest
 by or through them (collectively " Releasees "), both jointly and individually, from any and all claims, actions, arbitrations, and lawsuits, of any nature whatsoever, known or unknown to Employee, accrued or unaccrued, which he ever had,
 now has or may have had against Releasees since the beginning of time through the date of execution of this Release. This general release and waiver of claims includes, but is not limited to, any and all claims, demands, causes of action, suits,
 debts, complaints, liabilities, obligations, promises, agreements, controversies, damages and expenses that are releasable by law (including, without limitation, attorneys fees and costs actually incurred or to be incurred) of any nature or
 description whatsoever, in law or equity, whether known or unknown, in connection with or arising out of his employment with the Company and/or termination of said employment. Claims being released include, without limitation, any and all
 employment-related claims that are releasable by law arising under federal, state or local statutes, ordinances, resolutions, regulations or constitutional provisions prohibiting discrimination in employment on the basis of sex, race, religion,
 national origin, age, disability and/or veterans' status, including, but not limited to, claims arising under Title VII of the Civil Rights Act of 1964, 42 U.S.C. 1981, 1981a, 1983 and 1985, the Civil Rights Act of the State in which Employee
 resides and works, the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, 18 U.S.C. 1514A, et seq. , the Americans With Disabilities Act, the Age Discrimination in Employment Act, the Pregnancy Discrimination Act, the Federal
 Rehabilitation Act of 1973, Executive Order 11246, the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, 29 U.S.C. 1001 et seq. , the Fair Labor Standards Act, 29 U.S.C. 201, et seq. , the Family and Medical Leave Act, 29 U.S.C. 2601, et seq. , the Genetic Information Non-Discrimination Act, 42 U.S.C. 2000ff et seq , the minimum wage act, wage payment law and wage discrimination statutes and workers compensation statures and similar state laws of the state in which Employee has provided services, in all instances as
 amended. This general release and waiver of claims also includes, but is not limited to, any and all claims for unpaid benefits or entitlements asserted under any plan, policy, benefits offering or program (except as otherwise required by law),
 any and all contract or tort claims, including, without limitation, claims of wrongful discharge, assault, battery, intentional infliction of emotional distress, negligence, and/or defamation against Releasees.

14 

Notwithstanding the foregoing, nothing in this Section 2.1 or Section 2.2 shall be interpreted to waive, release, or relinquish Employee rights to, or be construed to prevent Employee from making a claim for, (a)
 indemnity under law or governance documents providing for indemnity or insurance against claims for acts or omissions in his capacity acting as an officer or director of the Company, (b) vested benefits, if any, to which Employee may be entitled
 under the Company s benefit plans, (c) continuation coverage in accordance with applicable law under COBRA following the Separation Date and (d) payment or provision of the Severance Benefits.

Notwithstanding anything set forth herein to the contrary, nothing in this Release shall (i) prohibit Employee from making reports of possible violations of federal law or regulation to any
 governmental agency or entity in accordance with the provisions of and rules promulgated under Section 21F of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, or Section 806 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, or of any other whistleblower
 protection provisions of federal law or regulation, or (ii) require notification or prior approval by the Company of any such report; provided that, Employee is not authorized to disclose communications with counsel that were made for the purpose
 of receiving legal advice or that contain legal advice or that are protected by the attorney work product or similar privilege. Furthermore, Employee shall not be held criminally or civilly liable under any federal or state trade secret law for
 the disclosure of a trade secret that is made (i) in confidence to a federal, state or local government official, either directly or indirectly, or to an attorney, in each case, solely for the purpose of reporting or investigating a suspected
 violation of law or (ii) in a complaint or other document filed in a lawsuit or proceeding, if such filings are made under seal . Furthermore, nothing in this Section 2.1, Section 2.2, or any other
 provision in the remainder of this Release shall be construed to prohibit Employee from talking to, cooperating in any investigation by, and/or filing a charge with, the U.S. Equal Employment Opportunity Commission (the EEOC or any
 other similar state or local fair employment practices administrative agency. However, by signing this Release, Employee hereby waives the right to recover from Releasees any relief from any charge or claim pursued or otherwise prosecuted by him,
 or by persons or entities like the EEOC acting by or through him, including, without limitation, the right to attorneys' fees, costs, and any other relief, whether legal or equitable, sought in such charge, claim, or other proceeding.

15 

2.2 Age Claim Waiver. Employee further agrees that his full general release includes a waiver of his rights, if any, to
 assert or allege discrimination based upon age pursuant to the Age Discrimination in Employment Act or any and all other federal, state or local laws or regulations prohibiting discrimination on the basis of age (collectively, " Age Claim
 Waiver ").

2.3 Adequate Consideration Period/Consult an Attorney. Employee acknowledges that he is hereby instructed that he may and
 should consult an attorney of his own choosing regarding the terms of this Release, and specifically including the Age Claim Waiver, and that he has been given at least forty-five (45) days to consider the terms of this Release and whether to
 sign this Release, although Employee may choose to sign this Release prior to the expiration of this forty-five (45) day period. The Parties agree that if Employee fails to execute this Release prior to
 the expiration of the forty-five (45) day period or prior to the deadline set forth in Section 1.1 hereof, this Release will be null and void.

2.4 Seven (7) Day Revocation Period. Employee further agrees that he is hereby instructed by the Company that, following his
 signing of this Release, Employee shall have up to seven (7) days following such date to withdraw, rescind or revoke this Release by providing written notice to Brittani Cushman, but that, in the event Employee exercises his right to withdraw or
 rescind this Release, all terms of this Release, including, without limitation, Turning Point's duty to provide the Severance Benefits, shall be void and of no effect.

2.5 Permanent Waiver of Re-employment . In order to effect the
 degree of separation contemplated by the Parties, Employee acknowledges his present intent to permanently remove himself from the labor pool of the Company as of the Separation Date and forever thereafter. In order to accomplish this present
 permanent removal from the Company s' labor pool, Employee agrees that he will not seek and will not accept hiring, rehiring, placement, or reinstatement with the Company, either as an employee, an independent contractor, a temporary worker, or
 in any other capacity.

PART III

 Other Agreements

3.1 Additional Covenants by Employee . 

Employee represents, warrants and covenants that, as of the date he signs this Release, (1) except as set forth on Annex A to this Agreement, he is unaware of any wages (as that term is
 defined by applicable state law) that are owed to him by the Company and that have not been paid; (2) he is unaware of any request for leave under the Family and Medical Leave Act that was denied; (3) he has no known work-related injury,
 disability, or illness, and has not requested any accommodation under the Americans With Disabilities Act or similar state law that has not been satisfied; and (4) he is unaware of any document, circumstance, occurrence, or any conduct on behalf
 of the Company or any of its agents, employees, officers or directors, or any Releasee, which can or should be reported to any state or federal authority as a violation of any law, standard, or regulation, upon which representations the Company
 expressly relies in entering into this Release.

16 

3.2 Knowing and Voluntary Agreement . Employee agrees and
 acknowledges that he has been advised to consult an attorney regarding the terms of this Release and that he has carefully reviewed, studied and thought over the terms of this Release. Employee further acknowledges and agrees that he knowingly
 and voluntarily entered into and signed this Release after deliberate consideration and review of all of its terms and provisions, that he was not coerced, pressured or forced in any way by the Company, any Releasee or anyone else to accept the
 terms of this Release, and that the decision to accept the terms of this Release was entirely his own.

3.3 No Wrongdoing By the Parties . The Parties further agree that
 they have entered this Release to resolve any and all claims, if any, Employee may have against the Company or any other Releasee, and that this Release does not constitute an admission of, or is to be used as evidence of, any liability,
 violation or wrongdoing of any kind.

3.4 Interpretation; Captions . The Parties understand and agree
 that the language of this Release shall in all cases be interpreted as a whole, according to its fair meaning and not strictly for or against either of the Parties, regardless of which is the drafter of this Release. Captions and headings used
 herein are for convenience of reference only.

3.5 Choice of Law; Arbitration. The provisions of Sections 14 and 16 of
 the Employment Agreement are hereby incorporated by reference. 

3.6 Entire Agreement . The Parties agree that this Release sets
 forth the entire agreement between the Parties on the subject matter herein and fully supersedes any and all other prior agreements or understandings between them, except for the terms in the Employment Agreement referred to herein and any
 agreements between Employee and the Company regarding non-disclosure of confidential information, intellectual property, non-solicitation of customers, employees or contractors, non-competition, and/or other restrictive covenant obligations,
 which agreements shall remain in full force and effect according to their terms. This includes, without limitation, Employee s continuing obligations under Sections 9-13 of the Employment Agreement and the continuing obligations of the Company
 under Section 12 of the Employment Agreement. This Release may be amended or superseded only by a subsequent writing, executed by the Party against whom enforcement is sought.

3.7 Agreement to Indemnify . The Parties agree that should
 Employee seek to overturn, set aside, or legally challenge the release of claims made by him under this Release, by judicial action or otherwise, the Company and/or Releasees shall be entitled to recover from Employee its costs of defending and
 enforcing the terms of this Release and/or any other claim brought by or against the Company or Releasees, including, without limitation, reasonable attorneys' fees. The Parties acknowledge and agree that each Releasee is an intended third-party
 beneficiary of this Release and may enforce the terms of this Release accordingly.

[signature page follows]

17 

I, [________], UNDERSTAND AND AGREE THAT THIS RELEASE CONSTITUTES A FULL AND FINAL RELEASE OF ALL CLAIMS THAT ARE RELEASEABLE BY LAW AS SET FORTH IN PART II OF THIS RELEASE.

Print Name:

Date:

-- and --

TURNING POINT BRANDS, INC.

By:

Brittani N. Cushman

Title: General Counsel and Secretary

Date:

18 

Annex A 

Severance Benefits 

</EX-10.37>

<EX-21>
 5
 brhc10049632_ex21.htm
 EXHIBIT 21

Exhibit 21

Subsidiaries of Turning Point Brands, Inc.

 The following list outlines the subsidiaries of Turning Point Brands, Inc., as of December 31, 2022.

Jurisdiction of

 Organization

Turning Point Brands, Inc.

Delaware

North Atlantic Trading Company, Inc.

Delaware

National Tobacco Finance, LLC

Delaware

National Tobacco Company, L.P.

Delaware

North Atlantic Operating Company, Inc.

Delaware

RBJ Sales, Inc.

Tennessee

North Atlantic Wrap Company LLC

Delaware

TPB Services LLC

Delaware

TPB Investments LLC

Delaware

South Beach Brands LLC

Delaware

TPB Beast LLC

Delaware

Turning Point Brands, LLC

Delaware

Intrepid Brands, LLC

Delaware

Nu-X Distribution LLC

Delaware

Turning Point Brands (Canada) Inc.

Ontario, Canada

</EX-21>

<EX-23>
 6
 brhc10049632_ex23.htm
 EXHIBIT 23

Exhibit 23

 Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm

We consent to the incorporation by reference in i) Registration Statements No. 333-211321 and No. 333-255758 on Form S-8 of Turning Point
 Brands, Inc. and (ii) Registration Statements No. 333-219114 and No. 333-240310 on Form S-3 of Turning Point Brands, Inc. (the Company) of our reports dated March 15, 2023, relating to the consolidated financial statements, and the effectiveness of
 the Company s internal control over financial reporting (which report expresses an adverse opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting because of a material weakness), appearing in this Annual Report on
 Form 10-K of Turning Point Brands, Inc. for the year ended December 31, 2022.

/s/ RSM US LLP

Richmond, Virginia

 March 15, 2023

</EX-23>

<EX-31.1>
 7
 brhc10049632_ex31-1.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.1

Exhibit 31.1

CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE OFFICER

 PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF SARBANES-OXLEY ACT

I, Graham Purdy , certify that: 

1.

I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Turning Point Brands, Inc.;

2.

Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the
 circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;

3.

Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations
 and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;

4.

The registrant s other certifying officers and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e)
 and 15d-15(e)) and internal controls over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

(a)

Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to
 the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;

(b)

Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance
 regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;

(c)

Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and
 procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and

(d)

Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth
 fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and

5.

The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the
 audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):

(a)

All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the
 registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and

(b)

Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting.

Date: March 15, 2023 

By:

/s/ GRAHAM PURDY

Graham Purdy

President and Chief Executive Officer

 (Principal Executive Officer)

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 8
 brhc10049632_ex31-2.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.2

Exhibit 31.2

CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL FINANCIAL OFFICER

 PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF SARBANES-OXLEY ACT

I, Luis Reformina, certify that:

1.

I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Turning Point Brands, Inc.;

2.

Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the
 circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;

3.

Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations
 and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;

4.

The registrant s other certifying officers and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e)
 and 15d-15(e)) and internal controls over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

(a)

Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to
 the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;

(b)

Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance
 regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;

(c)

Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and
 procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and

(d)

Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth
 fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and

5.

The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the
 audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):

(a)

All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the
 registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and

(b)

Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting.

Date: March 15, 2023 

By:

/s/ LUIS REFORMINA

Luis Reformina

Chief Financial Officer

 (Principal Financial Officer)

</EX-31.2>

<EX-31.3>
 9
 brhc10049632_ex31-3.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.3

Exhibit 31.3

CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL FINANCIAL OFFICER

 PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF SARBANES-OXLEY ACT

I, Brian Wigginton, certify that:

1.

I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Turning Point Brands, Inc.;

2.

Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the
 circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;

3.

Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations
 and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;

4.

The registrant s other certifying officers and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e)
 and 15d-15(e)) and internal controls over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

(a)

Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to
 the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;

(b)

Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance
 regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;

(c)

Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and
 procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and

(d)

Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth
 fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and

5.

The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the
 audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):

(a)

All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the
 registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and

(b)

Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting.

Date: March 15, 2023 

By:

/s/ BRIAN WIGGINTON

Brian Wigginton

Chief Accounting Officer

</EX-31.3>

<EX-32.1>
 10
 brhc10049632_ex32-1.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.1

Exhibit 32.1

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350,

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT

In connection with the Annual Report on Form 10-K of Turning Point Brands, Inc. (the
 "Company") for the year ended December 31, 2022, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the "Report"), we, Graham Purdy ,
 President and Chief Executive Officer, Luis Reformina, Chief Financial Officer, and Brian Wigginton, Chief Accounting Officer, of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act
 of 2002, that: 

(1)

The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and

(2)

The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the
 Company for the periods presented therein.

Date: March 15, 2023 

By:

/s/ GRAHAM PURDY

Graham Purdy

President and Chief Executive Officer

(Principal Executive Officer)

Date: March 15, 2023 

By:

/s/ LUIS REFORMINA

Luis Reformina

Chief Financial Officer

(Principal Financial Officer)

Date: March 15, 2023 

By:

/s/ BRIAN WIGGINTON

Brian Wigginton

Chief Accounting Officer

</EX-32.1>

<EX-101.SCH>
 11
 tpb-20221231.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 12
 tpb-20221231_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 13
 tpb-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 14
 tpb-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 15
 tpb-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.PRE>

