<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230223_10-K_edgar_data_1060391_0001060391-23-000008.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>21187972</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>513510</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>3136016</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>8195516</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>4680441</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>4274822</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>12</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001060391-23-000008.hdr.sgml : 20230223
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230222202331
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001060391-23-000008
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		145
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230223
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230222

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			REPUBLIC SERVICES, INC.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001060391
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	REFUSE SYSTEMS [4953]
		IRS NUMBER:				650716904
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-14267
		FILM NUMBER:		23655574

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		18500 N. ALLIED WAY
		CITY:			PHOENIX
		STATE:			AZ
		ZIP:			85054
		BUSINESS PHONE:		480 627 2700

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		18500 N. ALLIED WAY
		CITY:			PHOENIX
		STATE:			AZ
		ZIP:			85054

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	REPUBLIC SERVICES INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19980423

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001060391-23-000008.txt : 20230223

10-K
 1
 rsg-20221231.htm
 10-K

rsg-20221231 
 
 Table of Contents 

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 Washington, D.C. 20549 
 Form 
 ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the fiscal year ended , 2022 
 or 
 TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 
 For the transition period from ___________ to ___________ 
 Commission file number: 
 
 (Exact Name of Registrant as Specified in its Charter) 
 _________________________________________________________ (State or Other Jurisdiction of Incorporation or Organization) (IRS Employer Identification No.) , 
 
 (Zip Code) 
 (Address of Principal Executive Offices) 
 Registrant s telephone number, including area code: ) 
 _________________________________________________________ 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: Title of Each Class Trading Symbol(s) Name of Each Exchange On Which Registered 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: None 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. No 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes Note Checking the box above will not relieve any registrant required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act from their obligations under those Sections. 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant: (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 
 Accelerated filer o 
 Smaller reporting company 
 Emerging growth company 
 Non-accelerated filer o 
 
 If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 
 If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. 
 Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act). Yes No 
 As of June 30, 2022, the aggregate market value of the shares of the Common Stock held by non-affiliates of the registrant was billion. 
 As of February 7, 2023, the registrant had outstanding shares of Common Stock (excluding treasury shares of 4,244,307). 
 DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 

Table of Contents 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 PART I 
 Item 1. Business 
 2 
 Item 1A. Risk Factors 
 19 
 Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 
 29 
 Item 2. Properties 
 29 
 Item 3. Legal Proceedings 
 30 
 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 
 30 
 PART II 
 Item 5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 31 
 Item 6. [Reserved] 
 32 
 Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 33 
 Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 59 
 Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 61 
 Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 114 
 Item 9A. Controls and Procedures 
 114 
 Item 9B. Other Information 
 115 
 Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 115 
 PART III 
 Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 116 
 Item 11. Executive Compensation 
 116 
 Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 116 
 Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions and Director Independence 
 116 
 Item 14. Principal Accounting Fees and Services 
 116 
 PART IV 
 Item 15. Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules 
 117 
 Item 16. Form 10-K Summary 121 
 Signatures 
 122 

Table of Contents 

Unless the context requires otherwise, all references in this Form 10-K to Republic, the Company, we, us and our refer to Republic Services, Inc. and its consolidated subsidiaries. 
 PART I 
 
 ITEM 1. BUSINESS 
 Overview 
 Republic is one of the largest providers of environmental services in the United States, as measured by revenue. We operate across the United States and Canada through 353 collection operations, 233 transfer stations, 71 recycling centers, 206 active landfills, 3 treatment, recovery and disposal facilities, 20 treatment, storage and disposal facilities (TSDF), 6 salt water disposal wells and 7 deep injection wells. We are engaged in 73 landfill gas-to-energy and other renewable energy projects and had post-closure responsibility for 128 closed landfills. 
 We believe the total addressable North American environmental services market in which we operate generates approximately 107 billion of annual revenue, which includes the 78 billion United States and Canada recycling and solid waste industry and 29 billion of the broader environmental solutions industry. Within our recycling and solid waste business, we prioritize investments in market verticals with above average growth rates and higher return profiles. Environmental solutions remains fragmented which provides consolidation opportunities to drive scale. We believe we will be able to further expand our addressable market into other segments of the environmental services industry over time by leveraging our differentiated capabilities, including (1) customer zeal, (2) digital and (3) sustainability. 
 We operate throughout North America, but the physical collection and recycling or disposal of material is very much a local business and the dynamics and opportunities differ in each of the markets we serve. By combining local operating management with standardized business practices, we drive greater overall operating efficiency across the Company while maintaining day-to-day operating decisions at the local level, closest to the customer. 
 Our purpose-driven vision is to partner with customers to create a more sustainable world. We believe that our products and services are valuable to our customers and essential for long-term sustainability. 
 We further believe our focus and commitment to sustainability allows us to attract and retain the best talent, win more customers, increase customer loyalty and, ultimately, drive higher revenue and profits. 
 Foundational Elements 
 Our strategy is designed to generate profitable growth by sustainably managing our customers needs, and it is underpinned by three foundational elements (1) our market position, (2) our operating model and (3) our people and talent agenda. 
 Market Position 
 Our goal is to develop the best vertically integrated market position to enable us to build density and improve returns. We strive to have leading market position in each of the markets we serve, or have a clear path toward how we will achieve a leading market position over time. In situations where we cannot establish a leading market position, or where operations are not generating acceptable returns, we may decide to divest certain assets and reallocate resources to other markets. 
 We have a robust market planning process to identify opportunities to grow internally through capital investments and infrastructure development and externally through acquisitions and public-private partnerships. Additionally, our market planning process allows us to analyze market conditions and proactively adjust to trends as they emerge, including the effects of legislation, demographic shifts and changes in the market and the competitive landscape. 
 Internal Growth 
 Volume Growth - We believe volumes are driven by population growth, household formation and new business formation. Volume growth through increases in our customer base and service offerings is the most capital efficient method to grow our business. We seek to obtain long-term contracts for collecting recyclable, solid waste and industrial waste material under residential collection contracts with municipalities, exclusive franchise agreements, small-container and large-container contracts and environmental solutions service contracts. We also look to enter into long-term disposal and recycling contracts with municipalities and other third parties. By obtaining such long-term agreements, we can grow our contracted revenue base at a rate consistent with the underlying economic growth in these markets. In addition, by securing long-term agreements, we are better able to help ensure we earn an appropriate return on the capital deployed. 
 2 

Table of Contents 

Price Increases - We seek to secure price increases necessary to offset increased costs, improve our operating margins and earn an appropriate return on our substantial investments in vehicles, equipment, landfills, transfer stations, recycling centers and other post-collection infrastructure. 
 Expansion of Recycling Capabilities - Based on the most recent United States Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) data, approximately 32 of municipal solid waste is recycled and/or composted. We expect that percentage to increase over the long-term as communities enhance and expand their recycling programs for their residents. As a key player in the circular economy, we are strategically focused on expanding recycling volume through innovative material handling processes and programs to help our customers achieve their goals related to sustainability and environmentally sound waste practices while also generating an appropriate return. In 2022, we announced the development of our first Polymer Center, a vertical integration that will advance circularity for plastics and help us manage the plastics stream from curbside collection to delivery of recycled content for consumer packaging. The Polymer Center will enable us to produce food-grade drop-in substitutes for virgin plastics, while allowing us to expand recycling of plastics across North America. We will continue to look for opportunities to expand or enhance our recycling capabilities in markets where customers are demanding these services, demonstrating a willingness to pay and where we can earn an appropriate return on our investment. 
 Infrastructure Development - We seek to identify opportunities to further our position as a vertically integrated service provider in markets where we are not fully integrated. Our goal is to create market-specific, vertically integrated operations typically consisting of one or more collection operations, transfer stations, landfills and recycling centers. Where appropriate, we seek to obtain permits to build transfer stations, recycling centers and landfills that would vertically integrate our waste services or expand the service areas for our existing disposal sites. Additionally, we seek opportunities to expand and permit new airspace at our existing landfills in order to replace airspace consumed. Development projects, while generally less capital intensive than acquisitions, typically require extensive permitting efforts that can take years to complete with no assurance of success. We undertake development projects when we believe there is a reasonable probability of success and where reasonably priced acquisition opportunities are not available. Through landfill and fleet innovation, recycling and circularity of key materials and renewable energy production, we are committed to environmentally responsible operations that increase our efficiency as well as our ability to partner with customers to create a more sustainable world. 
 External Growth 
 Acquisitions and Public-Private Partnerships - Our acquisition growth strategy focuses primarily on acquiring privately held recycling and solid waste companies and environmental solutions businesses that complement our existing business platform. We believe our ability to successfully complete these acquisitions is enhanced by the challenges facing many privately-held companies, including increasing competition in the environmental services industry, increasing capital requirements due to changes in regulatory requirements and technology and the limited number of exit strategies for privately-held companies. We also evaluate stand-alone opportunities to acquire businesses and/or facilities that are being divested by other publicly-owned companies. 
 We continue to invest in value-enhancing acquisitions in existing markets. Given our free cash flow, availability under our credit facilities and our ability to access the public capital markets, we have the financial flexibility to make additional acquisitions that will complement our existing business platform, including larger acquisitions if the right opportunities present themselves. For instance, during the second quarter of 2022, we acquired US Ecology, Inc. (US Ecology), a leading provider of environmental solutions, offering treatment, recycling and disposal of hazardous, non-hazardous and specialty waste. 
 We also focus on growth through public-private partnerships, which include the recycling and waste operations and facilities of municipal and other local governments. We believe over time we have an opportunity to acquire operations and facilities from municipalities and other local governments as they seek to raise capital and/or reduce risk. 
 We realize synergies from consolidating businesses into our existing operations, whether through acquisitions or public-private partnerships, which allows us to reduce capital expenditures and expenses associated with truck routing, personnel, fleet maintenance, inventories and back-office administration. 
 Operating Model 
 Our operating model allows us to deliver a consistent, high-quality service to all our customers through the Republic Way: One Way. Everywhere. Every Day . This approach of developing standardized processes with rigorous controls and tracking allows us to leverage our scale and deliver durable operational excellence. The Republic Way is the key to harnessing the best of what we do as operators and translating that across all facets of our business. Key elements of our operating model are our 
 3 

Table of Contents 

organizational structure, safety, fleet automation, compressed natural gas vehicles, fleet electrification and standardized maintenance. 
 Organizational Structure 
 A key enabler of the Republic Way operating model is our organizational structure that fosters a high performance culture by maintaining 360-degree accountability and full profit and loss responsibility with local management, supported by a functional structure to provide subject matter expertise. This structure allows us to take advantage of our scale by coordinating functionally across all of our markets, while empowering local management to respond to unique market dynamics. 
 Through this operating model, we have rolled out several productivity and cost control initiatives designed to deliver the best service possible to our customers in an efficient and environmentally sound way. 
 Our senior management evaluates, oversees and manages the financial performance of our operations through three field groups, referred to as Group 1, Group 2 and Group 3. Group 1 is our recycling and solid waste business operating primarily in geographic areas located in the western United States. Group 2 is our recycling and solid waste business operating primarily in geographic areas located in the southeastern and mid-western United States and the eastern seaboard of the United States. Group 3 is our environmental solutions business operating in geographic areas located across the United States and Canada. These groups each provide integrated environmental services, including but not limited to collection, transfer, recycling and disposal. 
 Safety 
 Republic is dedicated to the safety of our employees, customers and the communities we serve. We have a dedicated team of safety professionals at our corporate headquarters and in our field operations, led by our Vice President of Safety who reports directly to our Chief Operating Officer. Due to the nature of our industry, we make safety a top priority and we recognize and reward employees for outstanding safety records. Over the past 10 years, our safety performance (based on OSHA recordable rates) has been 35 better than the industry average. Our Think, Choose, Live slogan encapsulates our everyday safety messaging to our employees to: Think about what you are doing, Choose the safe answer and Live to go home to your family. With the phrase printed on numerous items, including hard hats and the equipment our employees use, there are constant reminders for employees to go home in the same condition in which they came to work. Our goal is to ensure every one of our employees returns home safely each night. 
 Through our Safety Amplified program, we are providing more tools and driving greater awareness to help our teams better execute our safety standards. Regular training, multifaceted programs and strategic partnerships are key components to this program. It is simple by design and comprised of actions and activities that ensure safety is embedded in all we do. The program includes six initiatives to help us achieve our goal to have zero employee fatalities and reduce our OSHA Total Recordable Incident Rate. 
 Focus Together: This effort is the very core of our safety program and is designed to help frontline employees eliminate the six most common types of serious incidents. 
 Lead Together: We provide best-in-class communication channels and advanced training techniques for all frontline supervisors and managers to help them guide their teams. 
 Partner Together: Staying safe requires involvement by employees at all levels. We ve increased leadership visits with frontline employees and supervisors to support each divisions safety goals. 
 Celebrate Together: We take pride in recognizing employees who demonstrate a relentless commitment to safety. Employees with the best driving records are eligible for the industry s most prestigious award, the National Waste Recycling Association s Driver of the Year. Republic drivers have won 72 of the Driver of the Year awards issued for the large truck category since 2009. In addition, our best drivers are recognized and rewarded with competing in our National Road-EO competition. 
 Analyze Together: We analyze real-time data to make short- and long-term decisions and identify opportunities for improvement. Examples include analysis of roadway awareness training, data mapping and other employee protection and preparedness insights. 
 Innovate Together: We employ the latest technologies in our fleet, including automation, rear cameras, in-cab backup alarms and event recording systems, and we take a data-driven approach to support our employees. We re also working with equipment manufacturers to incorporate safety elements such as seat belt alarms, blind spot awareness, lane departure alarms and other potentially lifesaving equipment in our fleet. 
 
 4 

Table of Contents 

We believe our Safety Amplified program will provide additional benefits for our Company and stakeholders including: 
 further strengthening relationships within the communities we service; 
 enhancing customer trust; 
 streamlining operational processes and increasing productivity; 
 delivering a reputational advantage, including positioning our Company as an employer-of-choice; 
 building and sustaining a safety culture in all areas of our business; and 
 contributing to employee engagement. 
 For more information regarding our safety performance, refer to our Sustainability Accounting Standards Board (SASB) report, which can be found at republicservices.com/sustainability. The information contained on our website shall not be deemed incorporated by reference in this Annual Report on Form 10-K or in any other filing we make under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (Exchange Act). 
 Fleet Automation 
 Approximately 76 of our residential routes have been converted to automated single-driver trucks. By converting our residential routes to automated service, we reduce labor costs, improve driver productivity, decrease emissions and create a safer work environment for our employees. Additionally, communities using automated vehicles generally have higher participation rates in recycling programs, thereby complementing our initiative to expand our recycling capabilities. 
 Compressed Natural Gas (CNG) Vehicles 
 Approximately 20 of our recycling and solid waste collection fleet operates on CNG and approximately 17 of our replacement recycling and solid waste vehicle purchases during 2022 were CNG vehicles. We believe using CNG vehicles provides us with a competitive advantage in communities with strict clean emission initiatives that focus on protecting the environment. Although upfront capital costs are higher, using CNG vehicles reduces our overall fleet operating costs through lower fuel expenses. As of December 31, 2022, we operated 45 CNG fueling stations. 
 Fleet Electrification 
 We believe we are taking a leadership position in electric technology innovation for our recycling and solid waste collection fleet. This is a critical step toward reducing our environmental impact through lower fleet emissions. We believe it will also improve our total cost of ownership while providing a competitive advantage in certain communities. We are partnering with multiple manufacturers to pilot electric-powered recycling and solid waste trucks. As electric vehicle technology continues to develop, we expect to further deploy electrification to our fleet. 
 Standardized Maintenance 
 Based on an industry trade publication, we operate the fifth largest vocational fleet in the United States. As of December 31, 2022, our average fleet age in years, by line of business, was as follows: Approximate Number of Vehicles Approximate Average Age Residential 7,200 7.6 Small-container 5,100 7.0 Large-container 4,600 9.2 Total 16,900 7.9 
 OneFleet, our standardized vehicle maintenance program, enables us to use best practices for fleet management, truck care and maintenance. Through standardization of core functions, we believe we can minimize variability in our maintenance processes, resulting in higher vehicle quality and a lower environmental footprint while extending the average service life of our fleet. Additionally, our focus on preventative maintenance is improving the reliability of our fleet and enabling us to provide superior service to our customers, differentiating us from our competition. 
 People and Talent Agenda 
 Being human-centered is at the core of our robust people and talent agenda. We strive to maintain an environment that attracts and retains the best talent. Our approximately 40,000 full-time employees are a critical component in successfully executing our strategy and running our operations. We work hard to remain a company where the best people, with exceptional talents and diverse backgrounds, can thrive and foster a culture of caring where people feel respected, supported and encouraged to bring their best selves to work every day. 
 5 

Table of Contents 

We are dedicated to driving our people and talent agenda, which includes (1) representing the diversity of the communities we serve and sustaining a safe and inclusive culture, (2) maintaining a highly engaged workforce, (3) developing our talent through learning and development experiences and (4) offering rewards that attract and retain the best workforce. We review key progress metrics such as representation, engagement and turnover and regularly report on these metrics to our Board of Directors. This level of reporting holds all of our leaders accountable for the continued growth and development of our people. 
 Inclusion and Diversity 
 We believe the composite strength of our employees ideas, built on their unique experiences and backgrounds, is essential to our ability to meet and anticipate our customers needs. We are proud of the diversity of our front-line workforce, as it closely represents the demographics of the communities we serve. We are relentless in our focus to improve representation of diverse groups across all levels of the Company. Our commitment to inclusion and diversity starts at the top of our organization, as outlined in our Mission of Supporting an Inclusive Culture (MOSAIC), established in 2013 and supported by the MOSAIC Council. The MOSAIC Council consists of leaders from across the Company who serve as ambassadors and thought partners for inclusion and diversity. This enables us to continue to develop new strategies and activities that are tied to the needs of our employees, customers and business with the goal of creating an even more inclusive work environment and diverse workforce. 
 We support inclusion and connectivity for our diverse populations through our Business Resource Groups (BRG) and focus on the involvement of our field locations in all of our BRGs, including Women of Republic, VALOR (Veterans, Advocacy, Learning, Outreach and Recruiting), UNIDOS and the Black Employee Network (BEN). In January 2023, we also launched a new LGBTQ+ BRG. 
 In 2022, we continued our focus on providing programs and virtual events to advance awareness, education and connectivity across our workforce. Our well-attended Let s Talk series aimed at furthering our employees' understanding and empathy related to the topic of inclusion and diversity. In conjunction with this series, we have held multiple "Let's Connect" sessions, providing an opportunity for employees across an array of intersectionalities to share their unique experiences and perspectives directly with our CEO. We will continue to offer opportunities to help our employees conduct courageous and authentic conversations with one another. We are committed to maintaining a work environment where people of all backgrounds feel valued and safe to share their perspectives. 
 Employee Engagement 
 We believe an engaged workforce is a key element of our success as engaged employees deliver better customer service and are more productive. We measure employee engagement through a third-party survey, assessing employee sentiment on a variety of topics such as pride for the Company, job satisfaction and intention to stay. Our data reinforces that business units with a highly engaged workforce experience less turnover. We also found that employees whose leaders are highly inclusive are more likely to speak up and share their perspective. Regularly hearing from our employees allows us to understand how to support and strengthen an exceptional employee experience. Our goal is to achieve and maintain employee engagement scores at or above 88 by 2030. Our employee engagement score was 85 in 2022, which is above national benchmarks by five points. Approximately 97 of our employees participated in the engagement survey process in April and October 2022, which represented an all-time high participation rate and is more than 20 higher than the national benchmark. Employee engagement is a core part of our business strategy, which is why we compensate our General Managers, in part, on their employee engagement scores. This reinforces our commitment for leaders to listen and take action on employee feedback and helps to ensure that our leaders are held accountable and rewarded for their efforts to drive a more engaged workforce. 
 Talent Development 
 We are committed to providing our employees with opportunities to develop throughout their careers. Our programs, including new hire onboarding and new leader assimilation, reinforce our Company values, expectations and business approach. We relaunched our successful Leadership Fundamentals program in 2022, targeting field leaders. With a goal of reaching all leaders through this program, approximately 650 leaders completed this training in 2022, with approximately 2,150 more slated in 2023. Targeted development experiences support the growth of people in key roles, including Driver Training, Technician Training, Supervisor Training, Sales Acceleration and General Manager Onboarding, among others. We believe these programs provide the fundamental skills necessary to be successful across roles. Additionally, to meet the specific needs of the business, we opened a comprehensive Technical Training Institute in April 2021 where we train and develop our technicians. We have had 98 participants in the course so far. 
 Our leadership programs are a critical part of growing our people. We remain focused on attracting, hiring and developing early career leaders. Our rotational training and development programs, including our General Manager Acceleration Program (GMAP) and Leadership Trainee Program, help us attract, develop and advance a diverse and talented pool of individuals from across our organization. Our Executive Leadership team sponsors these programs, providing visibility and support for the career advancement of our high-potential talent across the organization. Since the beginning of these programs in 2017, 78 leaders have graduated into leadership positions. Additionally, our MBA intern program, with 24 participants since 2019, introduces 
 6 

Table of Contents 

strong talent to the organization and is a path of opportunity into the GMAP program. We have found that these programs and experiences help ensure that the next generation of leaders build the necessary skills and experiences to be successful in their roles today and in the future. 
 We continue to leverage innovative training methods using mixed mediums to deliver trainings and instruction to our employees across the country. We remain committed to expanding employee participation in learning programs that are relevant to our business strategy and contribute to career advancement for our employees. 
 As we continue to grow as a Company, we are investing in new technology and tools so employees can do their jobs safely and effectively, while providing day-to-day stability and professional development. 
 Compensation and Benefits 
 We offer compensation and benefits that help improve our employees' overall financial, physical and emotional wellbeing, as well as recognize hard work with opportunities to grow. Our commitment to paying market competitive wages enables us to attract and hire talent all across the country, including an expansion of many opportunities to work remotely. Our approach to paying for performance supports our focus on pay equity. Our compensation packages are designed to provide employees with a stable and livable wage and growth potential. Our focus on wellness also provides our employees with access to preventative care, advice on financial planning and support for mental health, contributing to our efforts to provide a total rewards package that improves and enhances the lives of our employees 
 Differentiating Capabilities 
 To effectively execute our strategic plan, we prioritize the development and investment in capabilities that will differentiate us in the marketplace. These capabilities include (1) customer zeal, (2) digital and (3) sustainability. 
 Customer Zeal 
 The goal of customer zeal is to drive customer loyalty by offering differentiated products and services specifically designed to meet our customers needs. We believe this increases customer satisfaction and willingness to pay for a higher value service. Customer Zeal is a cultural commitment to enable and empower our employees to own their role in the customer experience. 
 To help our sales team identify specific customer needs and configure the right offering, we use a Priority Based Selling (PBS) technique and our Capture pricing tool nationwide. 
 PBS enables us to identify and segment customers buying priorities and attract customers that are willing to pay for enhanced offerings. 
 Capture is a cloud-based pricing tool that creates a more professional sales experience, helps realize better pricing levels at the point of sale and provides enhanced controls over the price quoting process. 
 We continue to expand our offering of products and services to meet customer demand for a single provider for their environmental service needs. We have made progress on this front, primarily through acquisitions, including the acquisition of US Ecology in May 2022. US Ecology is a leading provider of environmental solutions, offering treatment, recycling and disposal of hazardous, non-hazardous and specialty waste. For services that we don t provide, we fulfill demand through our alliance partnerships while maintaining the customer facing relationship. 
 To help ensure a consistent customer experience, we invested in our customer service capabilities and our centralized Customer Experience function. This modern technology provides our customer services employees with the tools and capabilities they need to provide better levels of service through a variety of communication channels. The standardized approach enhances the customer experience and provides us a platform to reduce the cost to service our customers. 
 To help ensure our efforts are making an impact and building customer loyalty, we solicit feedback from our customers, including Net Promoter Score , so that every General Manager receives recent, relevant feedback that allows him or her the ability to reach out to customers directly and address issues immediately. 
 Digital 
 The goal of our digital priority is to allow us to provide a consistent experience across our business while enabling our customers to do business with us through more channels and with better access to information. 
 By increasing the ease of use and functionality of our web-based market presence, we believe we enhance customer satisfaction, interaction and connectivity while lowering our costs. These tools reinforce to our customers that they can rely on us to handle their recycling and waste service needs in a way that is easy and convenient for them. 
 Our website and mobile app are online account management tools, allowing customers access to their accounts and our services. 
 7 

Table of Contents 

Our e-commerce sales channel allows customers to secure services on a real-time basis, provides capabilities to meet our customers' evolving buying preferences and provides a lower cost sales channel. 
 We are also leveraging technology to digitally connect our customers, drivers, dispatchers, supervisors and trucks via our "RISE" dispatch platform and in-cab technology. We are utilizing an agile iterative approach to the development and multi-year roll-out of this technology to ensure durable adoption and an appropriate return on our investment. With the roll-out of this technology we are improving productivity through more real-time routing information and data visualization tools, increasing customer connectivity and enabling automated service verification communications and enhancing the employee experience by providing better tools and technology designed around employee interaction. The rollout of the "RISE" in-cab technology enhancements across our collection fleet will continue through 2023. 
 Sustainability 
 The goal of our differentiating sustainability capabilities is to provide our customers with sustainable solutions that support a cleaner, safer and healthier world. We have long been a leader in environmental services and sustainability. We introduced our Elements of Sustainability, the foundation of our sustainability platform, in 2014. Our elements, Safety, Talent, Climate Leadership and Communities, are deeply integrated into our business and anchor our ambitious 2030 sustainability goals. 
 Our Board of Directors Sustainability Corporate Responsibility Committee has oversight responsibility with respect to our sustainability performance, our corporate responsibilities, our role as a socially responsible organization and our enterprise risks, including environmental, climate related risks and opportunities and reputational risks. The Committee meets at least quarterly to be updated on progress and conducts a formal comprehensive review of the Company s performance in these areas on an annual basis. 
 Our 2030 Sustainability Goals 
 As we grow, so does our opportunity to make a meaningful, positive impact on the environment and society. Our ambitious 2030 goals are aligned with the UN Sustainable Development Goals (1) and our greenhouse gas reduction goal is aligned with The Paris Agreement, an international treaty on climate change adopted in 2015. Each goal is aligned with one of the Company's elements of sustainability. Together they are designed to significantly benefit the environment and society, while enhancing the foundation and profitability of our business for the long-term. 
 Safety Amplified: Achieve zero annual employee fatalities 
 Incident Reduction: Reduce OSHA Total Recordable Incident Rate (TRIR) to 2.0 or less by 2030 
 Engaged Workforce: Achieve and maintain employee engagement scores at or above 88 by 2030 
 Science Based Target: Reduce absolute Scope 1 and 2 greenhouse gas emissions 35 by 2030 (2) , approved by SBTi (3) , with an interim goal of achieving a 10 reduction by 2025 
 Circular Economy: Increase recovery of key materials by 40 on a combined basis by 2030 (2) 
 Renewable Energy: Increase beneficial reuse of biogas by 50 by 2030 (2) 
 Charitable Giving: Create sustainable neighborhoods through strong community partnerships for 45 million people by 2030 (2) 
 We believe that reducing our impact on the planet and improving the quality of life for its inhabitants are the right things to do, and they are also necessary actions to ensure a vibrant future for our organization. 
 Refer to our Sustainability Report for our progress toward our 2030 sustainability goals, and refer to our full suite of climate-related sustainability reporting for updates regarding our progress toward our climate goals, including Task Force on Climate-Related Financial Disclosures (TCFD), SASB, Global Reporting Initiative (GRI) and CDP Climate Change, all of which can be found at investor.republicservices.com/sustainability. The information contained on our website shall not be deemed incorporated by reference in this Annual Report on Form 10-K or in any other filing we make under the Exchange Act. 

(1) We have aligned our 2030 goals with the following UN Sustainable Development Goals: (8) Decent Work and Economic Growth, (11) Sustainable Cities and Communities, (12) Responsible Consumption and Production and (13) Climate Action. 
 (2) Data points used 2017 as the baseline year. 
 (3) SBTi, or Science Based Targets initiative, is a collaboration between CDP, the United Nations Global Compact (UNGC), World Resources Institute (WRI) and the World Wide Fund for Nature (WWF). 
 8 

Table of Contents 

Cash Utilization Strategy 
 We take a consistent and balanced approach to capital allocation to drive long-term, sustainable value for our shareholders. The predictability of our free cash flows allows us to efficiently execute our capital allocation strategy, which includes investing in acquisitions and returning free cash flow to our shareholders through dividends and share repurchases. We are committed to an efficient capital structure and maintaining our investment grade credit ratings on our senior debt, which was rated BBB+ by Standard Poor s Ratings Services, BBB+ by Fitch Ratings, Inc. and Baa2 by Moody s Investors Service, Inc. Such ratings have allowed us, and should continue to allow us, to readily access capital markets at competitive rates. 
 We manage our free cash flow by ensuring that capital expenditures and operating asset levels are appropriate in light of our existing business and growth opportunities and by closely managing our working capital. 
 Dividends 
 In July 2022, our Board of Directors approved an increase in the quarterly dividend to 0.495 per share, which represents an increase of approximately 8 over the prior year. Over the last five years, our dividends have increased at a compounded annual growth rate of 5.7 . We expect to continue paying quarterly cash dividends and may consider additional dividend increases if we believe they will enhance shareholder value. 
 Share Repurchases 
 In October 2020, our Board of Directors approved a 2.0 billion share repurchase authorization effective starting January 1, 2021 and extending through December 31, 2023. Share repurchases under the current program may be made through open market purchases or privately negotiated transactions in accordance with applicable federal securities laws. While the Board of Directors has approved the program, the timing of any purchases, the prices and the number of shares of common stock to be purchased will be determined by our management, at its discretion, and will depend upon market conditions and other factors. The share repurchase program may be extended, suspended or discontinued at any time. On a quarterly basis, our Board of Directors reviews the intrinsic value of our stock and the parameters around which we repurchase our shares. Refer to Item 5. Market for Registrant's Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities for repurchase authority remaining as of December 31, 2022. 
 Shareholder Value 
 We are committed to creating long-term shareholder value by generating consistent earnings and cash flow growth while continually improving returns on invested capital. Our incentive compensation programs are aligned with these objectives at all levels of management. We have an active shareholder outreach program and routinely interact with shareholders on a number of matters, including environmental, social, governance, talent and executive compensation. 
 Management Team 
 We believe that building and blending a diverse team of strong industry veterans, along with talented people from other industries who bring unique skill sets, will contribute to what we call our Composite Strength. Composite Strength combines the vast, varied experience and capability of both strong environmental services industry veterans and talented people from other industries. Additionally, Composite Strength helps ensure the continuity of leadership and preservation of institutional knowledge, while also bringing in skills and new ideas from other companies outside of our industry - many of them from leading companies. 
 Jon Vander Ark was named Chief Executive Officer in 2021. Since joining Republic in 2013, Mr. Vander Ark has held management roles of increasing responsibility, including Executive Vice President, Chief Marketing Officer, Executive Vice President, Operations, Executive Vice President, Chief Operating Officer, President and his current role as President and Chief Executive Officer. Prior to joining the Company, he served as a partner at McKinsey Company s Detroit office, managing clients across a variety of industries, including transportation, logistics, manufacturing and consumer products. 
 Brian Bales was named Executive Vice President, Chief Development Officer in February 2015. Mr. Bales has been with Republic for over 20 years, serving as Executive Vice President, Business Development from December 2008 to February 2015 and Vice President, Corporate Development from 1998 to December 2008. Prior to his time at Republic, Mr. Bales held roles of increasing responsibility in finance and business development for Ryder System, Inc. from 1993 to 1998 and served as chief financial officer for EDIFEX VTA Communications from 1988 through 1993. Prior to that, Mr. Bales was an accountant for PwC (formerly Price Waterhouse) from 1986 to 1988. Mr. Bales serves on the Board of Directors of Insurance Auto Auctions, Inc. 
 Brian DelGhiaccio was named Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer in June 2020. Mr. DelGhiaccio has over 20 years of experience in a variety of roles of increasing responsibility. He was named Executive Vice President and Chief Transformation Officer in June 2019. Before that, Mr. DelGhiaccio served as Vice President, Investor Relations from 2012 to 
 9 

Table of Contents 

2014, progressed to Senior Vice President, Finance from 2014 to 2017 and then to Senior Vice President, Business Transformation in 2017. Prior to his time at Republic, Mr. DelGhiaccio was a senior consultant with Arthur Andersen. 
 Catharine D. Ellingsen was named Executive Vice President, Chief Legal Officer, Chief Ethics Compliance Officer and Corporate Secretary in June 2016. Ms. Ellingsen joined the Company as Corporate Counsel in August 2001 and has experience in a variety of roles of increasing responsibility. She was named Managing Corporate Counsel in January 2003, Director, Legal and Associate General Counsel in January 2005 and Vice President and Deputy General Counsel in June 2007. Ms. Ellingsen was named Senior Vice President, Human Resources in August 2011 and served in that position until June 2016. Before joining the Company, Ms. Ellingsen was an attorney at Steptoe Johnson LLP from 1996 to 2001 and at Bryan Cave LLP from 1993 to 1996. Ms. Ellingsen serves on the Boards of Directors of Bunker Hill Group, Nebraska Distributing Company and Daseke, Inc. 
 Amanda Hodges was named Executive Vice President, Chief Marketing Officer in November 2020. In this role, Ms. Hodges oversees marketing, communications, product development, customer engagement and revenue management for the Company. Prior to joining Republic, Ms. Hodges spent 15 years in leadership roles for Dell Technologies, most recently serving as Senior Vice President of North America Marketing and the Global Executive Briefing Program. Before joining Dell, Ms. Hodges worked as a consultant for McKinsey Company. 
 Katrina Liddell was named Executive Vice President, Chief Commercial Officer in June 2021. In this role, she is responsible for leading the Company s Sales organization, which includes Field Sales, National Accounts, Manufacturing and Environmental Services and Municipal Services. She also oversees the Customer Resource Centers. Prior to joining the Company, Ms. Liddell held the role of President, Global Forwarding and Expedite for XPO Logistics Inc., a global transportation and contract logistics company. Before joining XPO, Ms. Liddell spent 14 years with Johnson Controls International, where she held senior leadership roles in enterprise account management, vertical market development, operations, product development and customer relations. Ms. Liddell serves on the Board of Directors of The Kristine Pettoni Foundation. 
 Tim Stuart was named Executive Vice President, Chief Operating Officer in May 2019. Prior to his current role, Mr. Stuart served as Executive Vice President, Operations from January 2016 to May 2019, where he was responsible for maximizing field performance, executing the operating plan and achieving financial and operational results across the Company. Mr. Stuart has over 20 years of experience in the waste industry. He previously served as the Company s East Region President from September 2013 to January 2016. He joined Republic in April 2006 as Director of Operations and has held a variety of roles with the Company, including Area President, Vice President of Customer Experience and Region Vice President. 
 Our local and area management teams have extensive industry experience in growing, operating and managing environmental services companies and have substantial experience in their local geographic markets. This allows us to quickly respond to and meet our customers needs and stay in touch with local businesses and municipalities. We believe our strong area management teams allow us to effectively and efficiently drive our initiatives and help ensure consistency throughout the organization. Our area management teams and area presidents have extensive authority and responsibility over operations within their respective geographic markets. As a result of retaining experienced managers with extensive knowledge of and involvement in their local communities, we are proactive in anticipating customers needs and adjusting to changes in our markets. We also seek to implement the best practices of our various business units throughout our operations to continue improving our operations and our operating margins. 
 Comprehensive Environmental Services 
 We serve customers with a strong, vertically-integrated operating platform and offer a complete set of products and services, including the collection and processing of recyclable, solid waste and industrial waste materials; transportation and disposal of non-hazardous and hazardous waste streams; and other environmental solutions. We offer a wide array of products and services with a proven track record in safety, compliance and environmental stewardship. 
 Recycling Solid Waste Services 
 We have a strong, national, vertically-integrated operating platform that allows us to compete more effectively and efficiently in the local markets in which we operate. Where appropriate, we seek to achieve a high rate of internalization by controlling material streams from the point of collection through recycling processing or disposal. During the year ended December 31, 2022, approximately 68 of the total solid waste volume we collected was disposed at landfills we own or operate (internalization). Our fully integrated markets generally have a lower cost of operations and more favorable cash flows than our markets that are not fully integrated. Through acquisitions, landfill operating agreements and other market development activities, we create market-specific, vertically-integrated operations typically consisting of one or more collection operations, transfer stations and landfills. We also operate recycling centers in markets where diversion of waste is a priority, customers are willing to pay for the service and we can earn an appropriate return on our investment. 
 10 

Table of Contents 

Collection Services 
 We provide residential, small-container and large-container collection services through 353 collection operations. In 2022, approximately 69 of our total revenue was derived from our collection business, of which approximately 20 of our total revenue related to residential services, approximately 29 related to small-container services and approximately 20 related to large-container services. 
 Our residential collection business involves the curbside collection of material for transport to transfer stations, or directly to landfills, recycling centers, or organics processing facilities. We typically perform residential collection services under contracts with municipalities, which we generally secure through competitive bids, which give us exclusive rights to service all or a portion of the homes in the municipalities. These contracts usually range in duration from one to five years, although some of our exclusive franchises are for significantly longer periods. We also perform residential services on a subscription basis, in which individual households contract directly with us. The fees received for subscription residential collection are based primarily on the market, collection frequency, type of service, the distance to the disposal facility and the cost of disposal. In general, subscription residential collection fees are paid quarterly in advance by the customers receiving the service. 
 In our small-container business, we supply our customers with recycling and waste containers of varying sizes. We typically perform small-container collection services under one- to three-year service agreements, and fees are determined based on a number of factors including the market, collection frequency, type of equipment furnished, type and volume or weight of the material collected, transportation costs and the cost of processing or disposal. Our small-container services are typically offered to small business complexes, multi-family housing and strip malls and include industries such as restaurants, retail, real-estate and professional and other services. 
 Our large-container collection business includes both recurring and temporary customer relationships. For the recurring portion, we supply our customers with recycling and waste containers of varying sizes and rent compactors to large generators of material. We typically perform the collection services under one- to three-year service agreements, and fees are determined based on a number of factors including the market, collection frequency, type of equipment furnished, type and volume or weight of the material collected, transportation costs and the cost of disposal. Our recurring large-container services are typically offered to larger facilities, hotels and office buildings and include industries such as manufacturing, retail, hospitality, professional and other services. 
 For the temporary portion of our large-container collection business, the majority of the material relates to construction and demolition activities and is typically event-driven. We provide temporary collection services on a contractual basis with terms ranging from a single pickup to one-year or longer. 
 Transfer Services 
 We own or operate 233 transfer stations. Revenue at our transfer stations is primarily generated by charging tipping or disposal fees, which accounted for approximately 5 of our revenue during 2022. Our collection operations deposit material at these transfer stations, as do other private and municipal haulers, for compaction and transfer to disposal sites or recycling centers. Transfer stations provide collection operations with a cost-effective means to consolidate material and reduce transportation costs while providing our landfills with an additional mechanism to extend their geographic reach. 
 When our own collection operations use our transfer stations, this improves internalization by allowing us to retain fees we would otherwise pay to third-party disposal sites. It also allows us to manage costs associated with material disposal because: (1) transfer trucks have larger capacities than collection trucks, allowing us to deliver more material to the landfill or processing center in each trip; (2) material is accumulated and compacted at strategically located transfer stations to increase efficiency; and (3) we can retain volume by managing the material to one of our own landfills or processing centers rather than to a competitor s. 
 Recycling Processing Services 
 We own or operate 71 recycling centers. These centers generate revenue through the and sale of old corrugated containers (OCC), old newsprint (ONP), aluminum, glass and other materials, which accounted for approximately 3 of our total revenue during 2022. Approximately 81 of our total recycling center volume is fiber based and includes OCC, ONP and other mixed paper. During 2022, we processed and sold 2.0 million tons, excluding glass and organics, from our recycling centers. An additional 2.0 million tons were collected by us and delivered to third parties. We are investing in innovative recycling technology and have expanded our organics operations to help customers meet their diversion goals. We processed 1.0 million and sold 0.3 million tons of organic materials, respectively, from our recycling centers in 2022. 
 Changing market demand for recycled commodities causes volatility in commodity prices. At current volumes and mix of materials, we believe a 10 per ton change in the price of recycled commodities would change both annual revenue and operating income by approximately 10 million. 
 11 

Table of Contents 

In certain instances, we issue recycling rebates to our municipal or large-container customers, which can be based on the price we receive upon the final sale of recycled commodities, a fixed contractual rate or other measures. We also receive rebates when we dispose of recycled commodities at third-party processing facilities. 
 As consumer demand for recycling services has increased, we have met that demand by integrating recycling components across our collection service offerings. Our goal is to provide a complete material stream management solution to our customers in a vertically integrated, environmentally sustainable way. 
 We continue to invest in proven technologies to control costs and to simplify and streamline recycling for our customers. For example, robotics and advanced sorting equipment, such as disk screens, magnets and optical sorters, identifies and separates different kinds of paper, metals, plastics and other materials to increase efficiency and maximize our recycling efforts. 
 Landfill Services 
 We own or operate 206 active landfills. Our landfill tipping fees charged to third parties accounted for approximately 11 of our revenue during 2022. As of December 31, 2022, we had estimated permitted acres of 40,400 and estimated total available disposal capacity of 5.0 billion in-place cubic yards. The in-place capacity of our landfills is subject to change based on engineering factors, requirements of regulatory authorities, our ability to continue to operate our landfills in compliance with applicable regulations and our ability to successfully renew operating permits and obtain expansion permits at our sites. Some of our landfills accept non-hazardous special waste, including utility ash, asbestos and contaminated soils. 
 Most of our active landfill sites have the potential for expanded disposal capacity beyond the currently permitted acreage. We monitor the availability of permitted disposal capacity at each of our landfills and evaluate whether to pursue an expansion at a given landfill based on estimated future waste volumes and prices, market needs, remaining capacity and the likelihood of obtaining an expansion. To satisfy future disposal demand, we are seeking to expand permitted capacity at certain landfills; however, all proposed or future expansions may not be permitted. 
 Republic is committed to harnessing landfill gas, the natural byproduct of decomposing waste, and converting it to energy. The use of landfill gas provides economic and environmental benefits, including reducing greenhouse gas emissions through the capture and use of methane. As of December 31, 2022, we operated 73 landfill gas and renewable energy projects. The majority of these projects were developed and are owned by a third party. 
 We also have responsibility for 128 closed landfills, for which we have associated closure and post-closure obligations. 
 Environmental Solutions 
 We have the capabilities to address the complex sustainability needs of our customers. Our environmental solutions offerings include collection, treatment, consolidation, disposal and recycling of hazardous and non-hazardous waste; field and industrial services; equipment rental; emergency response and standby services; and in-plant services. Environmental solutions volume is generated by the daily operations of industrial, petrochemical and refining facilities and oil and natural gas exploration and production sites, including maintenance, plant turnarounds and capital projects. Volume also is generated by private and government funded projects including site remediation, redevelopment or emergency spill response. In 2022, approximately 9 of our revenue was derived from environmental solutions. 
 Waste Treatment Disposal 
 We own or operate 6 active hazardous waste landfills, 9 active energy waste landfills, 3 treatment, recovery and disposal facilities, 20 treatment, storage and disposal facilities, 6 salt water disposal wells and 7 deep injection wells. We recycle, treat and dispose of hazardous and non-hazardous industrial wastes. The waste handled include substances which are classified as hazardous because of their corrosive, ignitable, reactive or toxic properties and other wastes subject to federal, state and provincial environmental regulation. The waste we handle comes in solid, liquid and sludge form and can be received in a variety of containerized and bulk forms and transported to our facilities by truck and rail. 
 We also operate thermal desorption units that recover oil and metal bearing catalyst from refinery and other organic and oil-based waste. The recycled oil and recycled catalyst are sold to third parties. 
 Field Services 
 Our field services include a wide range of specialty and total waste management services provided to refineries, chemical plants, manufacturing plants and other government, commercial and industrial facilities either on-site or at our network of facilities. These services include industrial cleaning and maintenance, retail services, lab pack, site remediation, equipment cleaning and maintenance services, specialty equipment rental, transportation and emergency response. 
 12 

Table of Contents 

As an integral part of our services, we employ highly trained staff and operate a network of service centers that characterize, package and collect hazardous and non-hazardous wastes from customers and transport such wastes to and between our facilities for treatment or bulking for shipment to final disposal locations. 
 Other Services 
 Other revenue consists primarily of National Accounts revenue generated from nationwide or regional contracts in markets outside our operating areas where the associated material handling services are subcontracted to local operators. Consequently, substantially all of this revenue is offset with related subcontract costs, which are recorded in cost of operations. 
 Competition 
 We operate in a competitive industry. Competition in the environmental services industry comes from a few other large, national publicly-owned companies, several regional publicly- and privately-owned companies and thousands of small privately-owned companies. In any given market, competitors may have larger operations and greater resources. In addition, we compete with municipalities that maintain material collection or disposal operations. These municipalities may have financial advantages due to the availability of tax revenue and greater opportunities for tax-exempt financing. 
 We compete for collection accounts primarily based on our product offering, quality of service and price. From time-to-time, our competitors reduce the price of their services in an effort to expand market share or to win a competitively bid municipal contract. Our ability to maintain and increase prices in certain markets may be impacted by our competitors pricing policies. This may have an effect on our future revenue and profitability. 
 Seasonality and Severe Weather 
 Our operating revenues tend to be somewhat higher in the summer months, primarily due to higher volumes of construction and demolition waste. The volumes of large-container and residential recycling and waste in certain regions of the country also tend to increase during the summer months. Our second and third quarter revenues and results of operations typically reflect this seasonality. 
 We provide essential recycling and solid waste collection and disposal services in the communities we serve and our operations can be adversely affected by periods of inclement or severe weather and natural disasters, which could increase the volume of material collected under our existing contracts (without corresponding compensation), delay the collection and disposal of material, reduce the volume of material delivered to our disposal sites or delay the construction or expansion of our landfill sites and other facilities and may increase with the physical impacts of climate change. The impacts from adverse weather and natural disasters have the potential to last several months and to affect several facilities. We have business continuity plans in place for severe weather, natural disasters and other emergencies hurricanes, tornadoes, flooding, winter storms, earthquakes and wildfires, among others to help limit disruptions in our operations and help ensure the continuity of our services. Our operations can also be favorably affected by severe weather and natural disasters, which could increase the volume of material in situations where we are able to charge for our additional services. Refer to our TCFD Report for more information on climate impacts and our risk management strategies, available at investor.republicservices.com/sustainability. The information contained on our website shall not be deemed incorporated by reference in this Annual Report on Form 10-K or in any other filing we make under the Exchange Act. 
 Regulation 
 Our facilities and operations are subject to a variety of federal, state, provincial and local requirements that regulate, among other things, the environment, public health, safety, zoning and land use. Operating and other permits, licenses and other approvals generally are required for landfills and transfer stations, recycling centers, certain solid waste collection vehicles, fuel storage tanks and other equipment and facilities that we own or operate. These permits are subject to denial, revocation, modification and renewal in certain circumstances. Any revocation, modification or denial of permits could have a material adverse effect on us. Federal, state and local laws and regulations vary, but generally govern wastewater or storm water discharges, air emissions, the handling, transportation, treatment, storage and disposal of hazardous and non-hazardous waste and the remediation of contamination associated with the release or threatened release of hazardous substances. These laws and regulations provide governmental authorities with strict powers of enforcement, which include the ability to revoke or decline to renew any of our operating permits, obtain injunctions, or impose fines or penalties in the event of violations, including criminal penalties. The United States EPA and various other federal, state, provincial and local authorities administer these regulations. Regulations with respect to hazardous waste are particularly relevant for our Group 3 reportable segment that provides treatment, recycling and disposal of hazardous waste. 
 In order to comply with these regulations, we must incur substantial capital expenditures relating to our vehicles, landfills, transfer stations, recycling centers and in connection with our capping, closure, post-closure and environmental remediation activities. Compliance with existing and future legal and regulatory requirements, including changes relating to per- and 
 13 

Table of Contents 

polyfluoroalkyl substances (commonly referred to as PFAS) and other chemicals of emerging concern, and limitations or bans on disposal of certain types of wastes or on the transportation of waste, could increase our costs to operate or require additional capital expenditures. 
 A decrease in regulation may lower barriers to entry for our competitors. Further, we compete with counties and municipalities that operate their own collection and disposal facilities, have the benefits of tax revenue and greater opportunities for tax-exempt financing. 
 We strive to conduct our operations in compliance with applicable laws, regulations and permits. However, from time to time we have been issued citations or notices from governmental authorities that have resulted in the need to expend funds for remedial work and related activities at various landfills and other facilities or in the need to expend funds for fines, penalties or settlements. Citations and notices may be issued in the future, notwithstanding our strong regulatory compliance efforts. We have established final capping, closure, post-closure and remediation reserves that we believe, based on currently available information, will be adequate to cover our current estimates of regulatory costs; however, actual costs may exceed our reserves. 
 Federal Regulation 
 The following summarizes the primary federal, environmental and occupational health and safety-related statutes that affect our facilities and operations: 
 The Solid Waste Disposal Act, including the Resource Conservation and Recovery Act (RCRA). RCRA establishes a framework for regulating the handling, transportation, treatment, storage and disposal of hazardous and non-hazardous solid waste, and requires states to develop programs to ensure the safe disposal of solid waste in sanitary landfills. 
 Subtitle C of RCRA establishes a framework for regulating the disposal of hazardous waste, and Subtitle D of RCRA establishes a framework for regulating the disposal of municipal solid waste. Regulations under Subtitle C set requirements for hazardous waste generators, transporters and treatment, storage and disposal facilities. Regulations under Subtitle D currently include minimum comprehensive solid waste management criteria and guidelines, including location restrictions, facility design and operating criteria, final capping, closure and post-closure requirements, financial assurance standards, groundwater monitoring requirements and corrective action standards. The EPA may authorize states to implement certain hazardous waste requirements of Subtitle C, and if a state program does not exist, the EPA directly implements the hazardous waste requirements. Nearly all of the states in which we operate have implemented permit programs pursuant to RCRA and Subtitles C and D. These state permit programs may include landfill requirements that are more stringent than those of Subtitles C and D. Our failure to comply with any of these environmental requirements at any of our locations may lead to temporary or permanent loss of an operating permit, which would result in costs in connection with securing new permits, reduced revenue from lost operational time and increased third party disposal costs. 
 All of our planned landfill expansions and new landfill development projects have been engineered to meet or exceed Subtitles C and D requirements, as applicable. Operating and design criteria for existing operations have been modified to comply with these regulations. Compliance with Subtitles C and D regulations has resulted in increased capital expenditures and operating costs and may in the future require substantial additional expenditures in addition to other costs normally associated with our waste management activities. 
 The Comprehensive Environmental Response, Compensation and Liability Act of 1980 (CERCLA). CERCLA, among other things, provides for the cleanup of sites from which there is a release or threatened release of a hazardous substance into the environment. CERCLA may impose strict joint and several liability for the costs of cleanup and for damages to natural resources upon current owners and operators of a site, parties who were owners or operators of a site at the time the hazardous substances were disposed of, parties who transported the hazardous substances to a site and parties who arranged for the disposal of the hazardous substances at a site. Under the authority of CERCLA and its implementing regulations, detailed requirements apply to the manner and degree of investigation and remediation of facilities and sites where hazardous substances have been or are threatened to be released into the environment. Liability under CERCLA is not dependent on the existence or disposal of only hazardous wastes, but also can be based upon the existence of small quantities of more than 700 substances currently characterized by the EPA as hazardous, many of which are found in common household waste. The EPA may also designate additional substances as hazardous; in 2022, the EPA issued a proposed rule that would designate certain PFAS as hazardous substances. Among other things, CERCLA authorizes the federal government to investigate and remediate sites at which hazardous substances have been or are threatened to be released into the environment, or to order persons potentially liable for the cleanup of the hazardous substances to do so themselves. In addition, the EPA has established a National Priorities List of sites at which hazardous substances have been, or are threatened to be, released and which require investigation or cleanup. 
 14 

Table of Contents 

CERCLA liability is strict liability. It can be founded upon the release or threatened release, even as a result of unintentional, non-negligent or lawful action, of hazardous substances, including very small quantities of such substances. Thus, even if we have never knowingly transported or received hazardous substances, it is possible that hazardous substances have been deposited or released at landfills or other facilities that we presently or historically have owned or operated, or at properties owned by third parties to which we have transported waste. Therefore, we could be liable under CERCLA for the cost of cleaning up, or protecting against the release of, such hazardous substances at such sites and for damages to natural resources, even if those substances were deposited at our facilities before we acquired or operated them. The costs of a CERCLA cleanup can be very expensive and can include the costs of disposing of hazardous substances at appropriately-licensed facilities. Given the difficulty of obtaining insurance for environmental impairment liability, any such liability could have a material effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 
 The Federal Water Pollution Control Act of 1972 (the Clean Water Act). This act regulates the discharge of pollutants from a variety of sources, including solid waste disposal sites, into streams, rivers and other waters of the United States. Runoff from our landfills and transfer stations that is discharged into surface waters through discrete conveyances must be covered by discharge permits that generally require us to conduct sampling and monitoring, and, under certain circumstances, to reduce the quantity of pollutants in those discharges. Storm water discharge regulations under the Clean Water Act require a permit for certain construction activities and for runoff from industrial operations and facilities, which may affect our operations. If a landfill or transfer station discharges wastewater through a sewage system to a publicly-owned treatment works, the facility must comply with discharge limits imposed by that treatment works. In addition, states may adopt groundwater protection programs under the Clean Water Act or the Safe Drinking Water Act that could affect the manner in which our landfills monitor and control their waste management activities. Furthermore, if development at any of our facilities alters or affects wetlands, we may be required to secure permits before such development starts. In these situations, permitting agencies may require mitigation of wetland impacts. 
 The Clean Air Act. The Clean Air Act imposes limitations on emissions from various sources, including landfills. In 1996, the EPA promulgated regulations that require large municipal solid waste landfills to install landfill gas monitoring systems along with landfill gas control systems unless emissions are below established thresholds. These regulations apply to landfills that commenced construction, reconstruction or modification on or after May 30, 1991, and, principally, to landfills that can accommodate 2.5 million cubic meters or more of municipal solid waste. The regulations apply whether the landfills are active or closed. The date by which each affected landfill must have a gas collection and control system installed and made operational varies depending on calculated emission rates at the landfill. In July 2016, the EPA issued final amendments to its regulations that require large landfills that commenced construction, reconstruction, or modification on or after July 17, 2014 to capture additional landfill gas to reduce emissions of methane and certain non-methane gases, which are recognized as greenhouse gases. In a separate rule finalized at the same time, the EPA issued updates to its 1996 Emission Guidelines to reduce emissions of landfill gas from existing active landfills. Both actions were part of the Obama Administration's Climate Action Plan - Strategy to Reduce Methane Emissions. As part of the Biden Administration's focus on climate change, the EPA has taken further steps to implement these regulations. These and other efforts to curtail the emission of greenhouse gases and to ameliorate the effect of climate change may require our landfills to deploy more stringent emission controls and monitoring systems, with resulting capital or operating costs. Many state regulatory agencies also currently require monitoring systems for the collection and control of certain landfill gas. Certain of these state agencies are also implementing greenhouse gas control regulations that would also apply to landfill gas emissions. See Item 1A, Risk Factors Regulation of greenhouse gas emissions and other governmental regulations could impose costs on our operations, the magnitude of which is difficult to estimate , in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 In addition, our vehicle fleet also may become subject to higher efficiency standards or other carbon-emission restrictions. Over the past decade, the EPA and the National Highway Traffic Safety Administration (NHTSA) have adopted regulations mandating the reduction of vehicle tail pipe emissions as a means of reducing greenhouse gas emissions. The regulations take the form of fuel economy standards. The EPA and the NHTSA have developed fuel economy standards in two vehicle categories: (1) passenger automobiles and light-duty trucks (collectively, light-duty vehicles); and (2) heavy-duty trucks, including solid waste collection vehicles and tractor trailers. We own and operate vehicles in both categories. For light-duty vehicles, in May 2010 the EPA and the NHTSA finalized fuel economy standards for model years 2012 through 2016. In October 2011, the EPA and the NHTSA initiated a second round of rulemaking for light-duty vehicles for model years 2017 through 2025. In 2018, the EPA and the NHTSA proposed to revise the light-duty vehicle standards for model years 2021 through 2024 to make them less stringent; final action on the proposal occurred in 2020 but has been challenged in court. In 2021, the EPA issued a rule further setting the standards for model years 2023 to 2026, making them more stringent; that rule has also been challenged in court. In August 2011, the EPA and the NHTSA finalized standards for heavy-duty trucks, including solid waste collection 
 15 

Table of Contents 

vehicles and tractor trailers, for model years 2014 through 2018. In August 2016, the EPA and the NHTSA jointly issued additional regulations that would impose more stringent standards for heavy-duty vehicles through model-year 2027. In August 2021, the EPA announced its intent to move forward with a Clean Trucks Plan, which would involve setting emissions standards for model years 2027 and beyond and the EPA released a proposed rule on March 28, 2022. 
 The Occupational Safety and Health Act of 1970 (OSHA). This act authorizes the Occupational Safety and Health Administration of the United States Department of Labor to promulgate occupational safety and health standards. A number of these standards, including standards for notices of hazardous chemicals and the handling of asbestos, apply to our facilities and operations. 
 State and Local Regulation 
 Each state in which we operate has its own laws and regulations governing solid waste disposal, water and air pollution, and, in most cases, releases and cleanup of hazardous substances and liabilities for such matters. States also have adopted regulations governing the design, operation, maintenance and closure of landfills and transfer stations. Some counties, municipalities and other local governments have adopted similar laws and regulations. In addition, our operations may be affected by the trend in many states toward requiring solid waste reduction and recycling programs. For example, several states have enacted laws that require counties or municipalities to adopt comprehensive plans to reduce, through solid waste planning, composting, recycling or other programs, the volume of solid waste deposited in landfills. Additionally, laws and regulations restricting the disposal of certain waste in solid waste landfills, including yard waste, food waste, newspapers, beverage containers, unshredded tires, lead-acid batteries, electronic wastes and household appliances, have been adopted in several states and are being considered in others. Some jurisdictions have enacted or are considering enacting extended producer responsibility regulations, which are designed to obligate producers to fund the post-use life cycle of their products by providing recycling programs for their products. State and municipal governments also have enacted or may enact organic diversion regulations that require food waste to be managed separately from the other waste streams, similar to the rules recently enacted in California. Several states have also enacted or are considering minimum recycled content regulations mandating certain minimum post-consumer recycled content in certain types of packaging, including California. Legislative and regulatory measures to mandate or encourage waste reduction and recycling also have been considered, or are under consideration by, the United States Congress and the EPA. These regulations may present new opportunities to offer sustainable environmental services to our customers but may require investment of time, effort and money to be able to offer these new solutions and expose us to additional regulatory requirements and competition from others offering these services. 
 To construct, operate and expand a landfill, we must obtain one or more construction or operating permits, as well as zoning and land use approvals. These permits and approvals may be burdensome to obtain and to comply with, are often opposed by neighboring landowners and citizens groups, may be subject to periodic renewal, and are subject to denial, modification, non-renewal and revocation by the issuing agency. Significant compliance disclosure obligations often accompany these processes. In connection with our acquisition of existing landfills, we may be required to spend considerable time, effort and money to bring the acquired facilities into compliance with applicable requirements and to obtain the permits and approvals necessary to increase their capacity. 
 Canadian Hazardous Waste Regulation 
 Certain of our Group 3 operations and facilities are subject to, among other regulations, Canadian hazardous waste regulations. The Canadian federal government regulates issues within federal jurisdiction, including activities that cross provincial boundaries or affect Canada s relations with other nations. The Canadian provinces also have jurisdiction over environmental matters within their respective boundaries, including primary responsibility for regulation and management of hazardous waste. 
 The main federal laws governing hazardous waste management are the Canadian Environmental Protection Act, 1999 (CEPA) and the Transportation of Dangerous Goods Act, 1992. Environment and Climate Change Canada (ECCC) is the federal agency with responsibility for environmental matters. CEPA charges ECCC and Health Canada with the protection of human health and the environment and seeks to control the production, importation and use of substances in Canada and their impact on the environment. The Cross-border Movement of Hazardous Waste and Hazardous Recyclable Material Regulations under CEPA control the transboundary movement of hazardous waste and hazardous recyclable materials. These regulations require that anyone proposing to export or import hazardous waste or hazardous recyclable materials or transport them through Canada notify ECCC and obtain a permit to do so. 
 Certain of our facilities are subject to the Qu bec Environment Quality Act, the Ontario Environmental Protection Act or the Alberta Environmental Protection and Enhancement Act and their respective regulations. These statutes and regulations regulate the generation, collection, characterization, transport, storage, treatment, recovery and disposal of hazardous wastes, establish the requirements for waste management facilities and govern actual or potential releases of contaminants in the environment, such as air emissions and soil, groundwater and surface water contamination issues. 
 16 

Table of Contents 

Hazardous waste transporters are required to hold a permit to operate under the provincial regulations and are also subject to the safety and reporting requirements of the Canadian Transportation of Dangerous Goods Act, 1992. 
 Maritime Regulations 
 Our Group 3 operations own and use 37 vessels registered under the United States flag. Accordingly, we are subject to various United States federal, state and local statutes and regulations governing the ownership, operation and maintenance of our vessels. Our United States-flag vessels are subject to the direct jurisdiction of the United States Coast Guard, the United States Customs and Border Protection and the United States Maritime Administration as well as other federal and state agencies. We are also subject to international laws and conventions and the local laws of foreign jurisdictions where we operate. 
 A portion of the operations of our standby services business within Group 3 is conducted in the United States coastwise trade. This is a protected market that is subject to United States cabotage laws that impose certain restrictions on the ownership and operation of vessels in the United States coastwise trade. These laws are principally contained in 46 U.S.C. Chapters 121, 505 and 551 and the related regulations, which are commonly referred to collectively as the Jones Act. The Jones Act restricts transportation of merchandise by water or by land and water, either directly or via a foreign port, between points in the United States and certain of its island territories. Subject to limited exceptions, the Jones Act requires that vessels engaged in United States coastwise trade be owned and operated by United States citizens within the meaning of the Jones Act, be built in and registered under the laws of the United States and manned by predominantly United States Citizen crews. We have systems in place designed to assist with monitoring and maintaining compliance with the ownership requirements of the Jones Act. 
 All of our offshore vessels are subject to either United States or international safety and classification standards and sometimes both. United States-flag vessels, barges and crew boats are required to undergo periodic inspections pursuant to United States Coast Guard regulations. 
 We are also subject to the International Ship and Port Facility Security Code (ISPFS Code), an amendment to the International Convention for the Safety of Life at Sea (SOLAS) as implemented in the Maritime Transportation and Security Act of 2002 to align United States regulations with those of SOLAS and the ISPS Code. The ISPS Code provides that owners or operators of certain vessels and facilities must provide security and security plans for their vessels and facilities and obtain appropriate certification of compliance. Under the ISPS Code, we perform worldwide security assessments, risk analyses and develop vessel and required port facility security plans to enhance safe and secure vessel and facility operations. Additionally, we have developed security annexes for those United States-flag vessels that transit or work in waters designated as high risk by the United States Coast Guard pursuant to the latest revision of Marsec Directive 104-6. 
 Other Regulations 
 Some of our facilities and operations are subject to the Toxic Substances Control Act of 1976 (TSCA) and the Atomic Energy Act of 1954, as amended (AEA). TSCA regulates the treatment, storage and disposal of polychlorinated biphenyls and asbestos. The AEA assigns the United States Nuclear Regulatory Commission (USNRC) regulatory authority over receipt, possession, use and transfer of certain radioactive materials, including disposal. The USNRC has adopted regulations for licensing commercial low-level radioactive waste regulated under the AEA for disposal and has delegated regulatory authority to certain states, including states where one or more of our facilities are located. The USNRC and United States Department of Transportation regulate the transport of radioactive materials. Shippers must comply with both the general requirements for hazardous materials transportation and specific requirements for transporting radioactive materials. 
 Many of our facilities own and operate underground storage tanks that are generally used to store petroleum-based products. These tanks can be subject to federal, state and local laws and regulations that mandate their periodic testing, upgrading, closure and removal. In the event of leaks or releases from these tanks, these regulations require that polluted groundwater and soils be remediated. If underground storage tanks we own or operate leak, we could be liable for response costs and, if the leakage migrates onto the property of others, we could be liable for damages to third parties. We are unaware of facts indicating that issues of compliance with regulations related to underground storage tanks will have a material adverse effect on our consolidated financial condition, results of operations or cash flows. 
 With regard to our solid waste transportation operations, we are subject to the jurisdiction of the Surface Transportation Board and are regulated by the Federal Highway Administration, Office of Motor Carriers and by regulatory agencies in states that regulate such matters. Various state and local government authorities have adopted, or are considering adopting, laws and regulations that would restrict the transportation of solid waste across state, county, or other jurisdictional lines. In 1978, the United States Supreme Court ruled that a law that restricts the importation of out-of-state solid waste is unconstitutional; however, states have attempted to distinguish proposed laws from those involved in and implicated by that ruling. In 1994, the United States Supreme Court ruled that a flow control law, which attempted to restrict solid waste from leaving its place of generation, imposes an impermissible burden upon interstate commerce and is unconstitutional. In 2007, however, the United States Supreme Court upheld the right of a local government to direct the flow of solid waste to a publicly-owned and publicly- 
 17 

Table of Contents 

operated waste facility. A number of county and other local jurisdictions have enacted ordinances or other regulations restricting the free movement of solid waste across jurisdictional boundaries. Other governments may enact similar regulations in the future. These regulations may cause a decline in volumes of waste delivered to our landfills or transfer stations and may increase our costs of disposal, thereby adversely affecting our operations and our financial results. 
 We are engaged in 73 landfill gas-to-energy and other renewable energy projects. The production of renewable fuel through certain of these projects is incentivized by the federal Renewable Fuel Standard (RFS) program, which was authorized under the Energy Policy Act of 2005 and expanded through the Energy Independence and Security Act of 2007. Oil refiners and importers are required through the RFS program to blend specified volumes of renewable transportation fuels with gasoline or buy credits, known as renewable identification numbers (RINs), from renewable fuel producers. The amount of RIN credits generated by each gallon of renewable fuel depends on the process and feedstock used to create the specific renewable fuel. There is a market for RINs and, as we and/or our partners produce RFS-compliant renewable fuel, RINs are generated and sold to parties purchasing such RINs to achieve compliance with the RFS program. 
 Climate and Sustainability Trends 
 Jurisdictions have been updating climate policies toward the goal of reporting and reducing greenhouse gas (GHG) emissions through a broad range of sustainability initiatives. We believe reducing our impact on the planet and improving the quality of life of its inhabitants are the right things to do, and have continually committed to heightened emissions reduction goals. Taking into account the challenges associated with quantifying environmental services emissions precisely, we evaluate and offer strategic opportunities to provide our customers with sustainable solutions to reduce their GHG emissions as new regulatory and business developments related to concerns about climate change arise. As a provider of a highly regulated public service, we recognize the importance of broad stakeholder engagement in these endeavors, and we actively seek opportunities for discussion on more sustainable materials management practices. In addition, we cooperate with and support initiatives at the federal and state level in support of legislation that encourages sustainable practices including the production and use of renewable, low-carbon fuels and electricity and the processing of recyclables and organics. 
 We have long been a leader in sustainability as it relates to environmental services and expect to maintain this reputation. Our sustainability commitments, as well as our progress toward our current goals, are published in our Sustainability Report and accompanying reports and can be found at investor.republicservices.com/sustainability. The information contained on our website shall not be deemed incorporated by reference in this Annual Report on Form 10-K or in any other filing we make under the Exchange Act. 
 Liabilities Established for Landfill and Environmental Costs 
 We have established reserves for landfill and environmental costs, which include landfill site final capping, closure and post-closure costs. We periodically reassess such costs based on various methods and assumptions regarding landfill airspace and the technical requirements of Subtitles C and D of RCRA, and we adjust our amortization rates used to expense final capping, closure and post-closure costs accordingly. Based on current information and regulatory requirements, we believe that our recorded reserves for such landfill and environmental expenditures are adequate; however, environmental laws may change, and our recorded reserves may not be adequate to cover requirements under existing or new environmental laws and regulations, future changes or interpretations of existing laws and regulations, or adverse environmental conditions previously unknown to us. Refer to the Material Cash Requirements and Intended Uses of Cash section of our Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations contained in Part II, Item 7 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K and to Note 2, Summary of Significant Accounting Policies , to our audited consolidated financial statements in Part II, Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K for further information. 
 Liability Insurance and Bonding 
 The nature of our business exposes us to the possible risk of liabilities arising out of our operations, including damages to the environment, property, employees or the general public, or those resulting from cyber incidents. We focus on operating safely and prudently, but occasionally we receive claims, alleging damages, negligence or other wrongdoing in the planning or performance of work, which resulted in harm to the environment, property, employees or the general public. These liabilities can be significant. We also could be subject to fines and civil and criminal penalties in connection with alleged violations of regulatory requirements. We maintain various policies of insurance that, subject to limitations, exclusions, or deductibles, provide coverage for these types of claims. While we believe the amount of insurance is appropriate for our type of business, such insurance may not be adequate, in scope or amount, in the event of a major loss, and we may be exposed to uninsured liabilities that could have a material adverse effect on our consolidated financial condition, results of operations or cash flows. We may choose not to continue to maintain the insurance should market conditions in the insurance industry make such coverage cost prohibitive. 
 18 

Table of Contents 

Accruals for deductibles are based on claims filed and actuarial estimates of claims development and claims incurred but not reported. Due to the variable condition of the insurance market, we have experienced, and may experience in the future, increased deductible retention levels and increased premiums or unavailability of insurance. As we assume more risk through higher retention levels, we may experience more variability in our insurance reserves and expense. 
 In the normal course of business, we also purchase surety bonds, insurance policies, letters of credit, or marketable securities deposits in connection with, among other things, municipal residential collection contracts, financial assurance for closure and post-closure of landfills, environmental remediation, environmental permits and business licenses and permits as a financial guarantee of our performance. 
 Availability of Reports and Other Information 
 Our corporate website is republicservices.com . We make available on that website, free of charge, access to our Annual Reports on Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, Current Reports on Form 8-K, Proxy Statements on Schedule 14A and amendments to those materials filed or furnished with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. We make such materials available as soon as reasonably practicable after we electronically submit them to the SEC. Our corporate website also contains our Certificate of Incorporation, Bylaws, Corporate Governance Guidelines, Code of Ethics and Conduct, Political Contributions Policy, Human Rights Policy and Charters of the Audit Committee, Management Development and Compensation Committee, Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee and Sustainability and Corporate Responsibility Committee of the Board of Directors. In addition, the SEC makes available at its website sec.gov ), free of charge, reports, proxy statements and other information regarding issuers, such as us, that file electronically with the SEC. Information on our website or the SEC website is not part of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. We intend to satisfy the disclosure requirements under Item 5.05 of Form 8-K and applicable New York Stock Exchange (NYSE) rules regarding amendments to or waivers of our Code of Ethics by posting this information on our website at republicservices.com . 
 
 ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS 
 Disclosure Regarding Forward-Looking Statements 
 This Annual Report on Form 10-K contains certain forward-looking information about us that is intended to be covered by the safe harbor for forward-looking statements provided by the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Forward-looking statements are statements that are not historical facts. Words such as guidance, expect, will, may, anticipate, plan, estimate, project, intend, should, can, likely, could, outlook and similar expressions are intended to identify forward-looking statements. Among other sections of this Form 10-K, the Risk Factors and Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations include forward-looking statements. These statements include statements about our plans, strategies and prospects. Forward-looking statements are not guarantees of performance. These statements are based upon the current beliefs and expectations of our management and are subject to risk and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed in, or implied or projected by, the forward-looking information and statements. Although we believe that the expectations reflected in the forward-looking statements are reasonable, such expectations may not prove to be correct. Among the factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from the expectations expressed in the forward-looking statements are: 
 general economic and market conditions, including inflation and changes in fuel, interest rates, labor, risk, health insurance and other variable costs that generally are not within our control, and our exposure to credit and counterparty risk; 
 fluctuations in prices for recycled commodities that we sell to customers; 
 our ability to integrate the operations of US Ecology into our operations and to realize the intended benefits of such acquisition 
 whether our estimates and assumptions concerning critical accounting issues are correct or appropriate, including estimates and assumptions concerning selected balance sheet accounts, income tax accounts, final capping, closure, post-closure and remediation costs, available airspace, projected costs and expenses related to our landfills and property and equipment, fair values of acquired assets and liabilities assumed in our acquisitions and labor, fuel rates and economic and inflationary trends; 
 competition and demand for services in the environmental services industry; 
 price increases to our customers, which may not be adequate to offset the impact of increased costs, including labor, third-party disposal and fuel and may cause us to lose volume; 
 our ability to manage growth and execute our growth strategy; 
 19 

Table of Contents 

our compliance with, and future changes in, environmental and flow control regulations and our ability to obtain approvals from regulatory agencies in connection with operating and expanding our landfills; 
 the impact on us of our substantial indebtedness, including on our ability to obtain financing on acceptable terms to finance our operations and growth strategy and to operate within the limitations imposed by financing arrangements; 
 our ability to retain our investment grade ratings for our debt; 
 our dependence on key personnel; 
 our dependence on large, long-term collection, transfer and disposal contracts; 
 the capital intensive nature of our business, which may consume cash in excess of cash flow from operations; 
 exposure to liabilities or losses, to the extent not adequately covered by insurance, which could result in substantial expenses; 
 risks associated with undisclosed liabilities of acquired businesses; 
 risks associated with pending and future legal proceedings, including litigation, audits or investigations brought by or before any governmental body; 
 severe weather conditions, including those brought about by climate change, which could impair our financial results by causing increased costs, loss of revenue, reduced operational efficiency or disruptions to our operations; 
 compliance with existing and future legal and regulatory requirements, including changes relating to PFAS and other chemicals of emerging concern and limitations or bans on disposal of certain types of wastes or on the transportation of waste, which could limit our ability to conduct or grow our business, increase our costs to operate or require additional capital expenditures; 
 our ability to achieve reduction in our greenhouse gas emissions and our other sustainability goals; 
 safety and operational risks, including the risk of personal injury to our employees or third parties; 
 potential increases in our costs if we are required to provide additional funding to any multiemployer pension plan to which we contribute or if a withdrawal event (including our voluntary withdrawal, which we consider from time to time, or the mass withdrawal of all contributing employers from any underfunded multiemployer pension plan) occurs with respect to any such plan; 
 the negative impact on our operations of union organizing campaigns, work stoppages or labor shortages; 
 the negative effect that trends toward requiring recycling, waste reduction at the source and prohibiting the disposal of certain types of wastes could have on volumes of waste going to landfills; 
 changes by the Financial Accounting Standards Board or other accounting regulatory bodies to generally accepted accounting principles or policies; 
 the impact of United States and international tax laws and regulations on our business; 
 risks related to interruptions and breaches of our information technology systems that could adversely affect, or temporarily disable, all or a portion of our operations or have a negative effect on our infrastructure; 
 the negative impact that a cyber-security incident could have on our business and our relationships with customers and employees; and 
 acts of war, riots or terrorism, including the continuing war on terrorism, as well as actions taken or to be taken by the United States or other governments as a result of further acts or threats of terrorism and the impact of these acts on economic, financial and social conditions in the United States. 
 The risks included here are not exhaustive. Refer to the Risk Factors in this Item 1A for further discussion regarding our exposure to risks. You should be aware that any forward-looking statement in this Annual Report on Form 10-K and the documents incorporated herein by reference or elsewhere, speaks only as of the date on which we make it. Additionally, new risk factors emerge from time to time and it is not possible for us to predict all such risk factors, or to assess the impact such risk factors might have on our business or the extent to which any factor or combination of factors may cause actual results to differ materially from those contained in any forward-looking statements. You should not place undue reliance on any forward-looking statement. Except to the extent required by applicable law or regulation, we undertake no obligation to update or publish revised forward-looking statements to reflect events or circumstances after the date of this Annual Report on Form 10-K and the documents incorporated by reference, as the case may be, or to reflect the occurrence of unanticipated events. 
 20 

Table of Contents 

Risks Related to Our Business and Operations 
 The environmental services industry is highly competitive and includes competitors that may have greater financial and operational resources, flexibility to reduce prices or other competitive advantages that could make it difficult for us to compete effectively. 
 We principally compete with large national waste management companies, numerous municipalities and numerous regional and local companies. Competition for collection accounts is typically based on the quality of services, ease of doing business and/or price. Competition for disposal business is primarily based on geographic location, quality of operations and price. One of our competitors may have greater financial and operational resources than we do. Further, many counties and municipalities that operate their own collection and disposal facilities have the benefits of tax revenue and greater opportunities for tax-exempt financing. Our ability to obtain solid waste volume for our landfills also may be limited by the fact that some major collection operations also own or operate landfills to which they send their waste. In certain markets in which we do not own or operate a landfill, our collection operations may have difficulty competing effectively. If we were to lose market share or if we were to lower prices to address competitive issues, it could negatively impact our consolidated financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 
 Increases in the cost of fuel or petrochemicals increase our operating expenses, and we may not be able to recover such cost increases from our customers. 
 We depend on fuel purchased in the open market to operate our collection and transfer trucks and other equipment used for collection, transfer, disposal and other environmental services. Fuel prices are unpredictable and fluctuate significantly based on events beyond our control, including geopolitical developments, actions by the Organization of the Petroleum Exporting Countries and other oil and gas producers, changes in refinery operations, supply and demand for oil and gas, war, terrorism and unrest in oil-producing countries, adverse weather and regional production patterns. Due to contractual or market factors, we may not be able to offset increased fuel costs resulting from such volatility through fuel recovery fees. Our fuel costs were 631.1 million in 2022, or 4.7 of revenue, compared to 383.0 million in 2021, or 3.4 of revenue. 
 At current consumption levels, a twenty-cent per gallon change in the price of diesel fuel changes our fuel costs by approximately 27 million on an annual basis. Offsetting these changes in fuel expense would be changes in our fuel recovery fee charged to our customers. At current participation rates, we believe a twenty-cent per gallon change in the price of diesel fuel changes our fuel recovery fee by approximately 31 million. A substantial rise or drop in fuel costs could materially affect our revenue and cost of operations. 
 Over the last decade, regulations have been adopted mandating changes in the composition of fuels for motor vehicles. The renewable fuel standards that the EPA sets annually affect the type of fuel our motor vehicle fleet uses. It is difficult to predict the quantity of renewable fuel volumes that the EPA will mandate for future years. These regulations are one of many factors that may affect the cost of the fuel we use. 
 Part of our fleet of vehicles is powered by CNG and we also operate CNG fueling stations. We have invested higher upfront capital costs in order to purchase and support our CNG vehicles and fueling stations in order to reduce our overall fleet operating costs through lower fuel expenses and to create a competitive advantage in communities that focus on protecting the environment. CNG is not yet widely adopted in North America. As the CNG industry develops, new regulations, the availability of alternative fuel technologies, fluctuations in the price or availability of CNG or reductions in tax incentives for the use of CNG vehicles could substantially affect our revenue and costs of operations and reduce the benefits sought by investing in CNG vehicles and fueling stations. 
 Our operations also require the use of products (such as liners at our landfills) whose costs may vary with the price of petrochemicals. An increase in the price of petrochemicals could increase the cost of those products, which would increase our operating and capital costs. Petrochemical prices, and hence our operating and capital costs, may be further affected by regulatory efforts to reduce greenhouse gases from the industries that produce such petrochemicals. We are also susceptible to increases in fuel recovery fees from our vendors. 
 Fluctuations in prices for recycled commodities that we sell to customers may adversely affect our consolidated financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 
 We purchase or collect and process recyclable materials such as paper, cardboard, plastics, aluminum and other metals for sale to third parties. Our results of operations may be affected by changing prices or market requirements for recyclable materials. The resale and purchase prices of, and market demand for, recyclable materials are volatile due to changes in economic conditions and numerous other factors beyond our control. For instance, in 2017 the Chinese government imposed strict limits on the import of recyclable materials, including by restricting the amount of contaminants allowed in imported recycled paper. These limitations significantly decreased the global demand for recyclable materials and resulted in lower commodity prices. Significant price fluctuations or increased operating costs may affect our consolidated financial condition, results of operations 
 21 

Table of Contents 

and cash flows. In 2022, approximately 81 of our recycling center volume was fiber based and included OCC, ONP and other mixed paper. 
 At current volumes and mix of materials, we believe a 10 per ton change in the price of recycled commodities change both annual revenue and operating income by approximately 10 million. Accordingly, a substantial rise or drop in recycled commodity prices could materially affect our revenue and operating income. Although we have entered into hedging agreements to help offset volatility in recycled commodity prices in the past, we may not enter into these agreements in the future. 
 Acute and chronic weather events, including those brought about by climate change, may limit our operations and increase the costs of collection, transfer, disposal and other environmental services we provide. 
 Our operations could be adversely impacted by extreme weather events, changing weather patterns and rising mean temperature and sea levels, some of which we are already experiencing. For example, we have operations in multiple states that are affected by hurricanes and we have seen the impact of storms and associated flooding in our day-to-day operations and our infrastructure. Changing weather patterns and rising temperatures are expected to result in more severe heat waves, fires, storms and other extreme weather events. Any of these factors could increase the volume of material collected or processed under our existing contracts (without corresponding compensation), impede our employees' and equipment's ability to operate, disrupt our supply chain, delay the development of landfill capacity, or reduce the volume of material generated by our customers. In addition, adverse weather conditions may result in the temporary suspension of our operations, which can significantly affect our operating results in the affected regions during those periods. 
 The environmental services industry is a capital-intensive industry and our capital expenditures may exceed current expectations, which could require us to obtain additional funding for our operations or impair our ability to grow our business. 
 Our ability to remain competitive and to grow our business largely depends on our cash flow from operations and access to capital. If our capital efficiency programs cannot offset the effect of inflation and business growth, it may be necessary to increase the amount we spend. Additionally, if we make acquisitions or further expand our operations, the amount we spend on capital, capping, closure, post-closure, environmental remediation and other items will increase. Our cash needs also will increase if the expenditures for capping, closure, post-closure and remediation activities increase above our current estimates, which may occur over a long period due to changes in federal, state, provincial, or local government requirements and other factors beyond our control. Increases in expenditures would negatively impact our cash flows. 
 We may be unable to obtain or maintain required permits or to expand existing permitted capacity of our facilities, which could decrease our revenue and increase our costs. 
 We cannot assure you that we will be able to obtain or maintain the permits required for our operations because permits to operate new landfills, transfer stations and other facilities, or to expand the permitted capacity of existing landfills, increase acceptable volume at transfer stations or otherwise increase the capabilities of our facilities, have become more difficult and expensive to obtain and maintain. Permits often take years to obtain as a result of numerous hearings and compliance requirements with regard to zoning, environmental and other regulations. These permits are also often subject to resistance from citizen or other groups and other political pressures. Local communities and citizen groups, adjacent landowners, governmental agencies and others may oppose the issuance of a permit or approval we may need, allege violations of the permits under which we currently operate or laws or regulations to which we are subject, or seek to impose liability on us for environmental damage. Such actions could also create risks related to our reputation, which may limit our ability to do business. Responding to these challenges has, at times, increased our costs and extended the time associated with establishing new landfills, transfer stations and other facilities and expanding existing facilities. In addition, failure to receive regulatory and zoning approval may prohibit us from establishing new landfills, transfer stations and other facilities, or expanding existing facilities. Our failure to obtain the required permits to operate our landfills, transfer stations and other facilities could have a material adverse effect on our consolidated financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. In addition, we may have to dispose collected waste at landfills operated by our competitors or haul the waste long distances at a higher cost to one of our other landfills, either of which could significantly increase our waste disposal costs. 
 If we do not appropriately estimate landfill capping, closure, post-closure and remediation costs, our financial condition and results of operations may be adversely affected. 
 A landfill must be closed and capped, and post-closure maintenance commenced, once the landfill's permitted capacity is reached and additional capacity is not authorized. Further, we undertake remediation activities at some of our solid waste facilities. We have significant financial obligations relating to capping, closure, post-closure and remediation costs at our existing owned or operated landfills, and will have material financial obligations with respect to any future owned or operated landfills. We establish accruals for the estimated costs associated with capping, closure, post-closure and remediation 
 22 

Table of Contents 

obligations. We could underestimate such costs and our financial obligations for capping, closure, post-closure or remediation costs could exceed the amounts accrued or amounts otherwise receivable pursuant to trust funds established for this purpose. Additionally, if a landfill must be closed earlier than expected or its remaining airspace is reduced for any other reason, the accruals for capping, closure, post-closure and remediation could be required to be accelerated. If our capping, closure, post-closure or remediation costs exceed the amounts accrued, or if such accruals are required to be accelerated, this could have a material adverse effect on our consolidated financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 
 Alternatives to landfill disposal could reduce our disposal volumes and cause our revenues and operating results to decline. 
 Most of the states in which we operate landfills require counties and municipalities to formulate comprehensive plans to reduce the volume of solid waste deposited in landfills through waste planning, composting, recycling or other programs. Some state and local governments mandate waste reduction at the source and prohibit the disposal of certain types of wastes, such as yard waste, at landfills. Further, many of our customers voluntarily are diverting waste to alternatives to landfill disposal, such as recycling and composting, while also working to reduce the amount of waste they generate. Many of the largest companies in the United States are setting zero-waste goals in which they strive to send no waste to landfills and some jurisdictions have enacted or are considering waste reduction regulations such as extended producer responsibility, organic diversion and minimum recycled content regulations. Although such actions help to protect our environment and reduce the impact of waste on climate change, they have reduced, and will in the future reduce, the volume of waste going to landfills and may affect the prices that we can charge for landfill disposal. Accordingly, we may not be able to operate our landfills at their current volumes or charge current prices for landfill disposal services due to possible decreases in demand for such services. If we cannot expand our service offerings and grow lines of business to service waste streams that do not go to landfills and to provide services for customers that wish to reduce waste entirely, this could have a negative effect on our consolidated financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. Further, even if we can develop such service offerings and lines of business, disposal alternatives nonetheless could have a negative effect on our consolidated financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 
 We could incur charges to income, which could be material, if landfill and transfer station site development projects or expansion projects are not completed, or certain other events occur. 
 In accordance with the accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America (U.S. GAAP), we capitalize certain expenditures relating to development, expansion and other projects. If a facility or operation is permanently shut down or determined to be impaired, or a development, expansion or other project is not completed or is determined to be impaired, we will charge against earnings any unamortized capitalized expenditures relating to such facility or project that we are unable to recover through sale, transfer or otherwise. We also carry a significant amount of goodwill on our consolidated balance sheets, which we must assess for impairment annually, and more frequently in the case of certain triggering events. We may incur charges against earnings in accordance with this policy, or other events may cause impairments. Such charges could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations. 
 The business and assets we operate expose us to safety, operational and other risks, including the risk of personal injury to our employees or third parties. 
 The provision of environmental services, including the operation of our facilities, a substantial fleet of trucks and other waste-related assets, involves risks. These risks include, among others, the risk of truck accidents, equipment defects, malfunctions and failures, improper use of dangerous equipment, the release of hazardous substances, fire and explosion, any of which could result in environmental liability, personal injury, loss of life, business interruption or property damage or destruction. While we carry insurance to cover many contingencies, and seek to minimize our exposure to these risks through maintenance, training and compliance programs, any substantial losses could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. 
 We may be subject to work stoppages and other workforce effects, which could increase our operating costs and disrupt our operations. 
 As of December 31, 2022, approximately 23 of our workforce was covered by collective bargaining agreements. If our union-represented employees engage in strikes, work stoppages or other slowdowns, we could experience a significant disruption of our operations and an increase in our operating costs, which could have an adverse effect on our consolidated financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. We have experienced interrupted service when our union-represented employees have engaged in strikes and work stoppages in the past, and we would expect the same to occur as a result of any future strikes or work stoppages. Additional groups of employees may seek union representation in the future which could result in increased operating costs. If a greater percentage of our workforce becomes union-represented, our consolidated financial condition, results of operations and cash flows could be adversely impacted due to the potential for increased operating costs. 
 23 

Table of Contents 

We may not be able to achieve reduction of our greenhouse gas emissions and our other sustainability goals. 
 Climate change and other sustainability matters are embedded in our core value and vision. As part of our strategic long-term plans to address sustainability, we are committed to reducing our absolute Scope 1 and Scope 2 greenhouse gas emissions 35 by 2030 among other sustainability goals. The execution of our plans and achievement of our goals are subject to risks and uncertainties, including our ability to develop, obtain, license or scale the innovations, technologies and modeling and measurement tools that may be necessary to achieve our plans and the availability, cost and benefits of materials and infrastructure associated with our sustainability projects, such as our CNG vehicles, fleet electrification, recycling, circularity of key materials, landfill gas-to-energy and other renewable energy projects. 
 In addition, increasing governmental and societal attention to sustainability matters, including expanding mandatory and voluntary reporting, diligence and disclosure on topics such as climate change, waste production, water usage, human capital, management and risk oversight, could expand the nature, scope and complexity of matters that we are required to control, assess and report. These and other rapidly changing laws, regulations, policies and related interpretations, as well as increased enforcement actions by various governmental and regulatory agencies, create challenges for us. If we are unable to continue to meet these challenges and comply with all laws, regulations, policies and related interpretations, and meet the sustainability values, standards and metrics that we set for ourselves, it could negatively impact our reputation and our business results. 
 Risks Related to our Legal and Regulatory Environment 
 We are subject to costly environmental regulations and flow-control regulations that may affect our operating margins, restrict our operations and subject us to additional liability. 
 Complying with laws and regulations governing the collection, treatment, storage, transfer and disposal of material, air quality and emissions of greenhouse gases, water quality and the remediation of contamination associated with the release of hazardous substances is costly. Laws and regulations often require us to, among other things, enhance or replace our equipment and to modify landfill operations or initiate final closure of a landfill. We may not be able to implement price increases sufficient to offset the costs of complying with these laws and regulations. In addition, environmental regulatory changes, including those relating to per- and polyfluoroalkyl substances (commonly referred to as PFAS) and other chemicals of emerging concern, could accelerate or increase expenditures for capping, closure, post-closure and environmental and remediation activities at our waste facilities and obligate us to spend sums in addition to those presently accrued for such purposes, which could have a negative effect on our consolidated financial position, results of operations and cash flows. For example, the EPA has indicated it is considering listing certain PFAS as hazardous substances under CERCLA, which if finalized could trigger additional obligations or liabilities under CERCLA or other laws and regulations. 
 Our Group 3 operations and facilities also are subject to Canadian environmental laws and regulations, including federal and provincial regulations governing the management of hazardous waste, as well as various treaties, laws and regulations governing the ownership, operation and maintenance of maritime vessels used in the business. Our Group 3 operations are also subject to federal statutes regulating the treatment, storage and disposal of certain radioactive materials. 
 Our business is and will continue to be affected by state, county, provincial, or local laws or regulations that restrict the transportation of solid waste across state, county, provincial, or other jurisdictional lines or that direct the flow of waste to a specified facility or facilities. Such laws and regulations could negatively affect our operations, resulting in declines in landfill volumes and increased costs of alternate disposal. 
 Regulation of greenhouse gas emissions and other governmental regulations could impose costs on our operations, the magnitude of which is difficult to estimate. 
 Efforts to curtail the emission of greenhouse gases and to ameliorate the effects of climate change continue to progress. Our landfill operations emit anthropogenic methane, identified as a greenhouse gas, and our vehicle fleet emits, among other things, carbon dioxide, which also is a greenhouse gas. While passage of comprehensive, federal climate change legislation appears unlikely in the near term, we expect any such legislation, if enacted, to impose costs on our operations, which could be material. 
 Absent comprehensive federal legislation to control greenhouse gas emissions, the EPA has taken certain actions administratively under its existing Clean Air Act authority. The EPA is compelled to issue rules by the United States Supreme Court's April 2007 Massachusetts v. EPA ruling that greenhouse gases are pollutants for purposes of the Clean Air Act and the EPA's December 2009 finding that continued emissions of greenhouse gases endanger human health and welfare. With respect to our light- and heavy-duty vehicle fleet, the EPA has finalized regulations limiting greenhouse gas emissions and increasing fuel economy standards. The EPA and the NHTSA have finalized such regulations applicable to light-duty vehicles through model year 2025. In 2018, the EPA and the NHTSA proposed to revise the light-duty vehicle standards for model years 2021 through 2024 to make them less stringent; final action on the proposal took place in 2020 but has been challenged in court. On August 16, 2016, the EPA and the NHTSA issued additional regulations that would impose more stringent standards for heavy-duty vehicles through model-year 2027. These standards and further federal efforts to curtail greenhouse gas emissions and to 
 24 

Table of Contents 

increase the fuel efficiency of light-duty and heavy-duty vehicles could have a material adverse effect on our consolidated financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 
 With regard to greenhouse gas emissions from our landfills, on July 14, 2016, the EPA issued amendments to its regulations that require large landfills that commenced construction, reconstruction or modification on or after July 17, 2014 to capture additional landfill gas to reduce emissions of methane and certain non-methane gases, which are recognized as greenhouse gases. In a separate action finalized that same day, the EPA issued updates to its 1996 Emission Guidelines to reduce emissions of landfill gas from existing active landfills. As part of the Biden Administration focus on climate change, the EPA has taken further steps to implement these regulations. These regulations, or an amended version of them that eventually goes into effect, may require our landfills to deploy more stringent emission controls and monitoring systems, with resulting capital or operating costs. The application of these or other greenhouse gas regulations to our landfills could have a material adverse effect on our landfill operations and on our consolidated financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. We cannot predict what other actions or regulations the current administration may undertake that would affect our industry. 
 We may incur losses from liabilities that are not covered by our insurance. Changes in insurance markets also may impact our financial results. 
 We may incur liabilities or suffer losses arising from our operations or properties that resulted in harm to the environment, property, employees or the general public. We maintain insurance for these liabilities and losses, including high deductibles for our environmental liability insurance coverage. If we were to incur substantial liability or loss in connection with these contingencies, our insurance coverage may be inadequate to cover such liability or loss. This could have a material adverse effect on our consolidated financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 
 Also, due to the variable condition of the insurance market, we have experienced, and may experience in the future, increased insurance retention levels and increased premiums or unavailability of insurance. As we assume more risk for insurance through higher retention levels, we may experience more variability in our insurance reserves and expense. 
 Despite our efforts, we may incur additional liability under environmental laws in excess of amounts presently known and accrued. 
 We are a potentially responsible party at many sites under CERCLA, which provides for the remediation of contaminated facilities and imposes strict, joint and several liability for the cost of remediation on current owners and operators of a facility at which there has been a release or a threatened release of a hazardous substance. CERCLA liability also extends to parties who were site owners and operators at the time hazardous substances were disposed and on persons who arrange for the disposal of such substances at the facility (e.g., generators of the waste and transporters who selected the disposal site). Hundreds of substances are defined as hazardous under CERCLA and their presence, even in minute amounts, can result in substantial liability. 
 Notwithstanding our efforts to comply with applicable environmental laws, we may have additional liability under environmental laws in excess of our current reserves because, among other things, hazardous substances may be present in waste collected by us or disposed of in our landfills (or in waste collected, transported or disposed of in the past by businesses we have acquired), environmental laws or regulations may change, or there may be adverse environmental conditions that develop or were otherwise previously unknown to us. Environmental liabilities in excess of our current reserves could have a material adverse effect on our consolidated financial position, results of operations and cash flows. 
 Currently pending or future litigation or governmental proceedings could result in material adverse consequences, including judgments or settlements. 
 We are and will continue to be involved in lawsuits, regulatory inquiries and governmental and other legal proceedings. Many of these matters raise complicated factual and legal issues and are subject to uncertainties. The timing of the final resolutions to lawsuits, regulatory inquiries and governmental and other legal proceedings is uncertain. Further, the possible outcomes or resolutions to these matters could include adverse judgments, fines or settlements, any of which could require substantial payments and adversely affect our consolidated financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 
 For example, we incur costs to defend against litigation brought by government agencies and private parties who allege we are in violation of our permits and applicable environmental laws and regulations, or who assert claims alleging nuisance, environmental damage, personal injury or property damage. As a result, we may be required to pay fines or judgments or implement corrective measures, or we may have our permits and licenses modified or revoked. A significant judgment against us, the loss of a significant permit or license, or the imposition of a significant fine could have a material adverse effect on our consolidated financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. We establish accruals for our estimates of the costs associated with lawsuits, regulatory, governmental and other legal proceedings. We could underestimate such accruals. Such shortfalls could result in significant unanticipated charges to income. 
 25 

Table of Contents 

Changes to federal renewable fuel policies could affect our financial performance in that sector as a renewable fuel producer and impact our projected future investments. 
 We are engaged in 73 landfill gas-to-energy and other renewable energy projects. The production of renewable fuel through certain of these projects is incentivized by the federal Renewable Fuel Standard (RFS) program. Oil refiners and importers are required through the RFS program to blend specified volumes of renewable transportation fuels with gasoline or buy RINs from renewable fuel producers. RIN prices generally respond to administrative actions, decisions and/or regulations from the EPA, including the issuance of an annual renewable volumetric obligation, as well as fluctuations in supply and demand. Changes in the RFS market, the structure of the RFS program or RIN prices and demand may impact the financial performance of the projects developed to capture and treat gas and could impact or alter our projected future investments. 
 Risks Related to Financial Strategy and Indebtedness 
 We have substantial indebtedness, which may limit our financial flexibility. 
 As of December 31, 2022, we had approximately 12 billion in principal value of debt and finance leases outstanding. This amount of indebtedness and our debt service requirements may limit our financial flexibility to access additional capital and make capital expenditures and other investments in our business, to withstand economic downturns and interest rate increases, to plan for or react to changes in our business and our industry and to comply with the financial and other covenants of our debt instruments. Further, our ability to comply with these financial and other covenants may be affected by changes in economic or business conditions or other events that are beyond our control. If we do not comply with these covenants, we may be required to take actions such as reducing or delaying capital expenditures, reducing or eliminating dividends or stock repurchases, selling assets, restructuring or refinancing all or part of our existing debt, or seeking additional equity capital. 
 We may be unable to maintain our credit ratings or execute our financial strategy. 
 Our ability to execute our financial strategy depends in part on our ability to maintain investment grade ratings on our debt. The credit rating process is contingent upon a number of factors, many of which are beyond our control. We may not be able to maintain our investment grade ratings in the future. If we were unable to do so, our interest expense would increase and our ability to obtain financing on favorable terms may be adversely affected. 
 Our financial strategy also depends on our ability to generate sufficient cash flow to reinvest in our existing business, fund internal growth, acquire other environmental services businesses, pay dividends, repurchase stock and take other actions to enhance shareholder value. We may not succeed in executing our broad-based pricing initiatives, and we may not generate sufficient cash flow to execute our financial strategy, pay cash dividends at our present rate, or increase them, or be able to continue our share repurchase program. 
 Weakness in the United States economy may expose us to credit risk for amounts due from governmental entities, large national accounts, industrial customers and others. 
 Weakness in the United States economy, including contractions caused by the COVID-19 pandemic, reduces the amount of taxes collected by various governmental entities. We provide services to a number of these entities, including numerous municipalities. These governmental entities may suffer financial difficulties resulting from a decrease in tax revenue and may ultimately be unable or unwilling to pay amounts owed to us. In addition, weakness in the economy may cause other customers, including our large national accounts, or industrial or environmental services clients, to suffer financial difficulties and ultimately to be unable or unwilling to pay amounts owed to us. This could negatively impact our consolidated financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 
 Our consolidated financial statements are based on estimates and assumptions that may differ from actual results. The liabilities we record based on such estimates and assumptions may not be adequate to cover the costs we ultimately will face. 
 Our consolidated financial statements have been prepared in accordance with U.S. GAAP and necessarily include amounts based on management's estimates. Actual results may differ from these amounts. Significant items requiring management to make subjective or complex judgments that are inherently uncertain include the recoverability of long-lived assets, the depletion and amortization of landfill development costs, accruals for final capping, closure and post-closure costs, valuation allowances for accounts receivable and deferred tax assets, liabilities for potential litigation, claims and assessments and liabilities for environmental remediation, multiemployer pension plans, employee benefit plans, deferred taxes, uncertain tax positions, insurance and our estimates of the fair values of assets acquired and liabilities assumed in any acquisition. The liabilities recorded for items such as these may not be adequate to cover the costs we ultimately will face. 
 26 

Table of Contents 

Our obligation to fund multiemployer pension plans to which we contribute, or our withdrawal from such plans, may have an adverse effect on us. 
 We participate in multiemployer pension plans that generally provide retirement benefits to participants of contributing employers. We do not administer these plans and generally are not represented on the boards of trustees of these plans. The Pension Protection Act enacted in 2006 (the PPA) requires under-funded pension plans to improve their funding ratios. Based on the information available to us, we believe that some of the multiemployer plans to which we contribute are either critical or endangered as those terms are defined in the PPA. We cannot presently determine the amount of additional funding, if any, we may be required to make to these plans. However, plan assessments could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations or cash flows for a given period. 
 Further, under current law, upon the termination of a multiemployer pension plan, or in the event of a withdrawal by us (which we consider from time to time) or a mass withdrawal of contributing employers (each, a Withdrawal Event), we would be required to make payments to the plan for our proportionate share of the plan's unfunded vested liabilities. We cannot assure you that there will not be a Withdrawal Event with respect to any of the multiemployer pension plans to which we contribute or that, in the event of such a Withdrawal Event, the amounts we would be required to contribute would not have a material adverse effect on our consolidated financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 
 For additional discussion and detail regarding multiemployer pension plans see Note 12, Employee Benefit Plans, of the notes to our audited consolidated financial statements in Part II, Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 The costs of providing for pension benefits and related funding requirements are subject to changes in pension fund values and fluctuating actuarial assumptions and may have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 
 We sponsor a defined benefit pension plan that is funded with trustee assets invested in a diversified portfolio of debt and equity securities. Our costs for providing such benefits and related funding requirements are subject to changes in the market value of plan assets. Our pension expenses and related funding requirements are also subject to various actuarial calculations and assumptions, which may differ materially from actual results due to changing market and economic conditions, interest rates and other factors. A significant increase in our pension obligations and funding requirements could have a material adverse effect on our consolidated financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 
 Risks Related to Our Growth Strategy 
 We may be unable to manage our growth effectively. 
 Our growth strategy places significant demands on our financial, operational and management resources. To continue our growth, we may need to add administrative, managerial and other personnel, and may need to make additional investments in operations and systems. We may not be able to find and train qualified personnel, or do so on a timely basis, or to expand or otherwise modify our operations and systems to the extent, and in the time, required. 
 We may be unable to execute our acquisition growth strategy. 
 Our ability to execute our growth strategy depends in part on our ability to identify and acquire desirable acquisition candidates and on our ability to successfully integrate acquired operations into our business. The integration of our operations with those of acquired companies may present significant challenges to our management. In addition, competition for acquisition candidates may prevent us from acquiring certain acquisition candidates. Thus, we cannot assure you that: 
 desirable acquisition candidates exist or will be identified; 
 we will be able to acquire any of the candidates identified; 
 we will effectively integrate and manage companies we acquire; or 
 any acquisitions will be profitable or accretive to our earnings. 
 If any of these factors force us to alter our growth strategy, our growth prospects could be adversely affected. 
 Businesses we acquire may have undisclosed liabilities. 
 Our due diligence investigations of acquisition candidates may fail to discover certain undisclosed liabilities. If we acquire a company with undisclosed liabilities such as environmental, remediation or contractual liabilities, as a successor owner we may be responsible for such undisclosed liabilities. We try to minimize our exposure to such liabilities by conducting due diligence, by obtaining indemnification from each seller of the acquired companies, by deferring payment of a portion of the purchase price as security for the indemnification, by obtaining representations and warranties insurance and by acquiring only specified 
 27 

Table of Contents 

assets. However, we may not be able to obtain indemnification or insurance coverage, and such indemnification or insurance coverage obtained may not be enforceable, collectible or sufficient in amount, scope or duration to fully offset any undisclosed liabilities arising from our acquisitions. 
 Risks Related to Technology and Intellectual Property 
 Our strategy includes an increasing dependence on technology in our operations. If any of our key technology fails, our business could be adversely affected. 
 Our operations are increasingly dependent on technology. Our information technology systems are critical to our ability to drive profitable growth through differentiation, continue the implementation of standardized processes and deliver a consistent customer experience. One of our three differentiating capabilities is to enable our customers to do business with us through more channels and with better access to information and, accordingly, we have made substantial investment in our e-commerce platform. Problems with the operation of the information or communication technology systems we use could adversely affect, or temporarily disable, all or a portion of our operations. Inabilities and delays in implementing new systems can also affect our ability to realize projected or expected revenue or cost savings. Further, any systems failures could impede our ability to timely collect and report financial results in accordance with applicable laws. 
 Emerging technologies, including those that are used to recycle and process waste as an alternative to disposal of waste in landfills, represent risks, as well as opportunities, to our current business model. The costs associated with developing or investing in emerging technologies could require substantial capital and adversely affect our results of operations and cash flows. Delays in the development or implementation of such emerging technologies and difficulties in marketing new products or services based on emerging technologies could have similar negative impacts. Our financial results may suffer if we are not able to develop or license emerging technologies, or if a competitor obtains exclusive rights to an emerging technology that disrupts the current methods used in the environmental services industry. 
 A cyber security incident could negatively impact our business and our relationships with customers. 
 We use information technology and operational technology assets, including computer and information networks, in substantially all aspects of our business operations. We also use mobile devices, social networking and other online activities to connect with our employees and our customers. Such uses give rise to cyber security risks, including security breach, espionage, system disruption, theft and inadvertent release of information. Our business involves the storage and transmission of numerous classes of sensitive and/or confidential information and intellectual property, including customers personal information, private information about employees and financial and strategic information about us and our business partners. We also rely on a Payment Card Industry compliant third party to protect our customers credit card information. In connection with our strategy to grow through acquisitions and to pursue new initiatives that improve our operations and cost structure, we are also expanding and improving our information technologies, resulting in a larger technological presence and corresponding exposure to cyber security risk. If we fail to assess and identify cyber security risks associated with acquisitions and new initiatives, we may become increasingly vulnerable to such risks. Additionally, while we have implemented measures to prevent security breaches and cyber incidents, our preventive measures and incident response efforts may not be entirely effective. Also, the regulatory environment surrounding information security and privacy is increasingly demanding, with the frequent imposition of new and constantly changing requirements. This changing regulatory landscape may cause increasingly complex compliance challenges, which may increase our compliance costs. Any failure to comply with these changing security and privacy laws and regulations could result in significant penalties, fines, legal challenges and reputational harm. The theft, destruction, loss, misappropriation, or release of sensitive and/or confidential information or intellectual property, or interference with our information technology systems or the technology systems of third parties on which we rely, could result in business disruption, negative publicity, brand damage, violation of privacy laws, loss of customers, potential liability and competitive disadvantage. 
 Other Risks Relevant to Our Business 
 Price increases may not be adequate to offset the effect of increased costs and may cause us to lose volume. 
 We seek to secure price increases necessary to offset increased costs, improve our operating margins and earn an appropriate return on our substantial investments in assets such as our landfills. From time to time, our competitors reduce their prices in an effort to expand their market share. Contractual, general economic or market-specific conditions also may limit our ability to raise prices. For example, many of our contracts have price adjustment provisions that are tied to an index such as the consumer price index. Particularly in a weak or volatile United States economy, our costs may increase in excess of the increase, if any, in the consumer price index. This may continue to be the case even when the United States economy recovers because a recovery in the environmental services industry historically has lagged behind a recovery in the general economy. As a result, we may be 
 28 

Table of Contents 

unable to offset increases in costs, improve our operating margins and obtain adequate investment returns through price increases. Price increases also might cause us to lose volume to lower-cost competitors. 
 The loss of key personnel could have a material adverse effect on our consolidated financial condition, results of operations, cash flows and growth prospects. 
 Our future success depends on the continued contributions of several key employees and officers. The loss of the services of key employees and officers, whether through resignation or other causes, or the inability to attract additional qualified personnel, could have a material adverse effect on our consolidated financial condition, results of operations, cash flows and growth prospects. In some of our markets, we compete with other similar businesses which may drive labor costs or reduce the amount of available qualified personnel. 
 The introduction of new accounting rules, laws or regulations could adversely impact our reported results of operations. 
 Complying with new accounting rules, laws or regulations, such as, for example, those related to our asset retirement obligations and environmental liabilities, could adversely impact our results of operations or cause unanticipated fluctuations in our results of operations or financial conditions in future periods. 
 Weakened or volatile economic conditions have and may continue to harm our industry, business and results of operations. 
 Our business is directly affected by changes in local, national, global and general economic factors and overall economic activity that are outside of our control, including changes in governmental monetary policies, consumer confidence, slowing economic growth, inflation, pandemics, supply chain issues and interest ra tes. In 2022, for example, the COVID-19 pandemic, inflation, the Ukraine-Russia conflict, United States -China relations, monetary policy changes, and the resulting increases in interest rates have negatively impacted the economy, disrupted supply chains and created significant volatility and disruption of financial markets. In particular, disruption of the labor market and supply chains related to vehicles, especially trucks and the mechanical and electrical components in order to service them, negatively impacts our ability to provide services. A weak or volatile economy may result in decrea ses in volumes, which adversely affects our revenues. In addition, we have certain fixed costs (e.g., facility expense associated with long-term leases, depreciation expense and accretion expense), which may be difficult to adjust quickly to match declining volume levels. Consumer uncertainty and the loss of consumer confidence may decrease overall economic activity and thereby limit the amount of services we provide. Additionally, a decline in volumes may result in increased competitive pricing pressure and increased customer turnover, resulting in lower revenue and increased operating costs. Operating in an environment of worsening economic conditions could have a material adverse effect on our consolidated financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. Further, recovery in the environmental services industry historically has lagged behind recovery in the general economy. Accordingly, we cannot assure you that an improvement in general economic conditions will result in an immediate, or any, improvement in our consolidated financial condition, results of operations or cash flows. 
 
 ITEM 1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS 
 None. 
 
 ITEM 2. PROPERTIES 
 Our corporate office is located at 18500 North Allied Way, Phoenix, Arizona 85054, where we currently lease approximately 150,000 square feet of office space. 
 Our principal property and equipment consists of land, landfills, buildings, vehicles and equipment. We own or lease real property in the United States and Canada where we conduct operations. As of December 31, 2022, we operated across the United States and Canada through 353 collection operations, 233 transfer stations, 71 recycling centers, 206 active landfills, 3 treatment, recovery and disposal facilities, 20 treatment, storage and disposal facilities (TSDF), 6 salt water disposal wells and 7 deep injection wells. In the aggregate, our active solid waste landfills total 116,858 acres, including 40,400 permitted acres. We are engaged in 73 landfill gas-to-energy and other renewable energy projects and had post-closure responsibility for 128 closed landfills. We believe that our property and equipment are adequate for our current needs. 
 29 

Table of Contents 

ITEM 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 
 General Legal Proceedings 
 We are subject to extensive and evolving laws and regulations and have implemented safeguards to respond to regulatory requirements. In the normal course of our business, we become involved in legal proceedings. Some may result in fines, penalties or judgments against us, or settlements, which may impact earnings and cash flows for a particular period. Although we cannot predict the ultimate outcome of any legal matter with certainty, we do not believe the outcome of any of our pending legal proceedings will have a material adverse effect on our consolidated financial position, results of operations or cash flows. 
 As used in the immediately following paragraph, the term legal proceedings refers to litigation and similar claims against us and our subsidiaries, excluding: (1) ordinary course accidents, general commercial liability and workers' compensation claims, which are covered by insurance programs, subject to customary deductibles, and which, together with self-insured employee health care costs, are discussed in Note 7, Other Liabilities, to our audited consolidated financial statements in Part II, Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K; and (2) environmental remediation liabilities, which totaled 487.5 million at December 31, 2022 and which are discussed in Note 8, Landfill and Environmental Costs, to our audited consolidated financial statements in Part II, Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K . 
 We accrue for legal proceedings when losses become probable and reasonably estimable. We have recorded an aggregate accrual of approximately 9 million relating to our outstanding legal proceedings as of December 31, 2022. As of the end of each applicable reporting period, we review each of our legal proceedings and, where it is probable that a liability has been incurred, we accrue for all probable and reasonably estimable losses. Where we are able to reasonably estimate a range of losses we may incur with respect to a matter, we record an accrual for the amount within the range that constitutes our best estimate. If we are able to reasonably estimate a range but no amount within the range appears to be a better estimate than any other, we use the amount that is the low end of such range. If we had used the high ends of such ranges, our aggregate potential liability would be approximately 7 million higher than the amount recorded as of December 31, 2022. 
 Legal Proceedings over Certain Environmental Matters Involving Governmental Authorities with Possible Sanctions of 1,000,000 or More 
 Item 103 of the SEC's Regulation S-K requires disclosure of certain environmental matters when a governmental authority is a party to the proceedings and the proceedings involve potential monetary sanctions unless we reasonably believe the monetary sanctions will not equal or exceed a threshold which we determine is reasonably designed to result in disclosure of any such proceeding that is material to our business or financial condition. We have determined such disclosure threshold to be 1,000,000. We have no matters to disclose in accordance with that requirement. 
 
 ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 
 None. 
 30 

Table of Contents 

PART II 
 
 ITEM 5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT'S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 
 Market Information, Holders and Dividends 
 The principal market for our common stock is the New York Stock Exchange, and it is traded under the symbol RSG. 
 There were 520 holders of record of our common stock at February 7, 2023, which does not include beneficial owners for whom Cede Co. or others act as nominees. 
 In October 2022, our Board of Directors declared a regular quarterly dividend of 0.495 per share for shareholders of record on January 3, 2023. We expect to continue to pay quarterly cash dividends, and we may consider increasing our dividends if we believe it will enhance shareholder value. 
 We have the ability under our credit facilities to pay dividends and repurchase our common stock if we are in compliance with the financial covenants in our credit facilities. As of December 31, 2022, we were in compliance with those financial covenants. 
 Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 The following table provides information relating to our purchases of shares of our common stock during the three months ended December 31, 2022: Total Number of Shares Purchased (a) Average Price Paid per Share (a) Total Number of Shares Purchased as Part of Publicly Announced Program (b) Dollar Value of Shares that May Yet Be Purchased Under the Program (c) October 1 31 
 1,544,347,714 November 1 30 
 1,544,347,714 December 1 31 
 1,544,347,714 
 (a) In October 2020, our Board of Directors approved a 2.0 billion share repurchase authorization effective starting January 1, 2021 and extending through December 31, 2023. Share repurchases under the program may be made through open market purchases or privately negotiated transactions in accordance with applicable federal securities laws. While the Board of Directors has approved the program, the timing of any purchases, the prices and the number of shares of common stock to be purchased will be determined by our management, at its discretion, and will depend upon market conditions and other factors. The share repurchase program may be extended, suspended or discontinued at any time. As of December 31, 2022, there were no repurchased shares pending settlement. 
 (b) The total number of shares purchased as part of the publicly announced program were all purchased pursuant to the October 2020 authorization. 
 (c) Shares that may be purchased under the program exclude shares of common stock that may be surrendered to satisfy statutory minimum tax withholding obligations in connection with the vesting of restricted stock units and performance stock units issued to employees. 
 Recent Sales of Unregistered Securities 
 There were no sales of unregistered securities during the three months ended December 31, 2022. 
 31 

Table of Contents 

Performance Graph 
 The following graph compares the performance of our common stock to the Standard Poor s 500 Stock Index (S P 500 Index) and the Dow Jones Waste Disposal Services Index (DJ W DS Index). The graph covers the period from December 31, 2017 to December 31, 2022 and assumes that the value of the investment in our common stock and in each index was 100 as of December 31, 2017 and that all dividends were reinvested. 
 The following performance graph and related information shall not be deemed "soliciting material" or to be "filed" with the SEC, nor shall such information be incorporated by reference into any future filing under the Securities Act of 1933 or the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, each as amended, except to the extent that we specifically incorporate it by reference into such filing. 
 Indexed Returns for the Years Ended December 31, 
 2017 2018 2019 2020 2021 2022 Republic Services, Inc. 100.00 108.84 137.80 150.94 221.92 208.24 S P 500 Index 100.00 95.62 125.72 148.85 191.58 156.88 DJ W DS Index 100.00 100.11 135.25 144.12 201.48 190.59 
 Note: Prepared by Zacks Investment Research, Inc. Used with permission. All rights reserved. Copyright 1980-2023. 
 Index data: Copyright Standard and Poor's, Inc. Used with permission. All rights reserved. 
 Index data: Copyright Dow Jones, Inc. Used with permission. All rights reserved. 
 
 ITEM 6. [RESERVED] 
 32 

Table of Contents 

ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
 You should read the following discussion in conjunction with our audited consolidated financial statements and the notes thereto included in Part II, Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. This discussion may contain forward-looking statements that anticipate results that are subject to uncertainty. We discuss in more detail various factors that could cause actual results to differ from expectations in Part I, Item 1A, Risk Factors in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 
 For further discussion regarding our results of operations for the year ended December 31, 2021 as compared to the year ended December 31, 2020, refer to Part II, Item 7. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations , in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2021 . 
 Recent Developments 
 Acquisition of US Ecology 
 On May 2, 2022, we acquired all outstanding equity of US Ecology in a transaction valued at 2.2 billion. US Ecology is a leading provider of environmental solutions offering treatment, recycling and disposal of hazardous, non-hazardous and specialty waste. This acquisition expands our existing environmental solutions footprint and expands our platform to provide customers in North America with environmental solutions from collection to disposal, including recycling, solid waste, special waste, hazardous waste, container rental and field services. We financed the transaction using the proceeds of a new 1.0 billion unsecured Term Loan Credit Agreement (Term Loan Facility) and borrowings under our existing 3.0 billion unsecured revolving credit facility. For the year ended December 31, 2022, the financial results of US Ecology are included within our Group 3 reportable segment. 
 Impact of the COVID-19 Pandemic 
 In March 2020, the World Health Organization declared the outbreak of a new strain of coronavirus (COVID-19) a pandemic. In 2020, certain customers in our small- and large-container businesses began adjusting their service levels, which included a decrease in the frequency of pickups or a temporary pause in service. In addition, we experienced a decline in volumes disposed at certain of our landfills and transfer stations. As service levels decreased, we also experienced a decrease in certain costs of our operations which are variable in nature. This decline in service activity peaked in 2020 and has improved sequentially thereafter, returning to pre-pandemic levels in 2022. 
 The effects of the COVID-19 pandemic on our business are described in more detail in the Results of Operations discussion in this Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. 
 2023 Financial Guidance 
 In 2023, we will focus on pricing in excess of cost inflation, driving profitable volume growth, investing in sustainability to improve the environment and drive growth, investing in value-creating acquisitions and advancing technology to improve productivity and increase customer retention. Specific guidance follows: 
 Revenue 
 We expect revenue to be in the range of 14.650 billion to 14.800 billion. We expect an increase in average yield of approximately 5.5 and volume growth to be in a range of 0.5 to 1.0 . Average yield on related business revenue is expected to be 6.5 . 
 33 

Table of Contents 

Adjusted Diluted Earnings per Share 
 The following is a summary of anticipated adjusted diluted earnings per share for the year ending December 31, 2023 compared to the actual adjusted diluted earnings per share for the year ended December 31, 2022. Adjusted diluted earnings per share is not a measure determined in accordance with U.S. GAAP: (Anticipated) 
 Year Ending December 31, 2023 
 (Actual) 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 
 Diluted earnings per share 5.02 to 5.10 
 4.69 Gain on business divestitures and impairments, net (0.01) Restructuring charges 0.05 0.06 US Ecology, Inc. acquisition integration and deal costs 0.08 0.19 Adjusted diluted earnings per share 5.15 to 5.23 4.93 
 We believe that the presentation of adjusted diluted earnings per share provides an understanding of operational activities before the financial effect of certain items. We use this measure, and believe investors will find it helpful, in understanding the ongoing performance of our operations separate from items that have a disproportionate effect on our results for a particular period. We have incurred comparable charges and costs in prior periods, and similar types of adjustments can reasonably be expected to be recorded in future periods. Our definition of adjusted diluted earnings per share may not be comparable to similarly titled measures presented by other companies. 
 The guidance set forth above constitutes forward-looking information and is not a guarantee of future performance. The 
 guidance is based upon the current beliefs and expectations of our management and is subject to significant risk and 
 uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those shown above. See Item 1A. Risk Factors - Disclosure Regarding Forward-Looking Statements . 
 Overview 
 Republic is one of the largest providers of environmental services in the United States, as measured by revenue. As of December 31, 2022, we operated across the United States and Canada through 353 collection operations, 233 transfer stations, 71 recycling centers, 206 active landfills, 3 treatment, recovery and disposal facilities, 20 treatment, storage and disposal facilities (TSDF), 6 salt water disposal wells and 7 deep injection wells. We are engaged in 73 landfill gas-to-energy and other renewable energy projects and had post-closure responsibility for 128 closed landfills. 
 Revenue for the year ended December 31, 2022 increased by 19.6 to 13,511.3 million compared to 11,295.0 million in 2021. This change in revenue is due to increased volume of 2.4 , average yield of 5.2 , acquisitions, net of divestitures of 9.6 , fuel recovery fees of 2.6 and environmental solutions revenue of 0.5 , partially offset by decreased recycling processing and commodity sales of 0.6 . Additionally, revenue decreased 0.1 due to one less workday in 2022 as compared to 2021. 
 The following table summarizes our revenue, costs and expenses for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 (in millions of dollars and as a percentage of revenue): 2022 2021 Revenue 13,511.3 100.0 11,295.0 100.0 Expenses: Cost of operations 8,205.0 60.7 6,737.7 59.7 Depreciation, amortization and depletion of property and equipment 
 1,245.6 9.2 1,111.7 9.8 Amortization of other intangible assets 
 53.9 0.4 33.3 0.3 Amortization of other assets 52.1 0.4 40.5 0.4 Accretion 89.6 0.7 82.7 0.7 Selling, general and administrative 1,454.3 10.8 1,195.8 10.6 Adjustment to withdrawal liability for multiemployer pension funds (1.6) (Gain) loss on business divestitures and impairments, net (6.3) 0.5 Restructuring charges 27.0 0.2 16.6 0.1 Operating income 2,391.7 17.6 2,076.2 18.4 
 34 

Table of Contents 

Our pre-tax income was 1,831.5 million for the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to 1,575.1 million in 2021. Our net income attributable to Republic Services, Inc. was 1,487.6 million, or 4.69 per diluted share for 2022, compared to 1,290.4 million, or 4.04 per diluted share, for 2021. 
 During 2022 and 2021, we recorded a number of charges, other expenses and benefits that impacted our pre-tax income, tax impact, net income attributable to Republic Services, Inc. (net income Republic) and diluted earnings per share as noted in the following table (in millions, except per share data). Additionally, see our Results of Operations section of this Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations for a discussion of other items that impacted our earnings during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. For comparative purposes, prior year amounts have been reclassified to conform to current year presentation. Year Ended December 31, 2022 Year Ended December 31, 2021 Pre-tax Income Tax Impact (2) 
 Net Income - Republic Diluted Earnings per Share Pre-tax Income Tax Impact (2) 
 Net Income - Republic Diluted Earnings per Share As reported 1,831.5 343.9 1,487.6 4.69 1,575.1 282.8 1,290.4 4.04 Restructuring charges 27.0 7.1 19.9 0.06 16.6 4.4 12.2 0.04 (Gain) loss on business divestitures and impairments, net (6.3) (2.5) (3.8) (0.01) 0.5 (5.5) 6.0 0.02 Adjustment to withdrawal liability for multiemployer pension funds (1) 
 (1.6) (0.4) (1.2) Accelerated vesting of compensation expense for CEO transition 22.0 22.0 0.07 US Ecology, Inc. acquisition integration and deal costs 77.3 17.0 60.3 0.19 Total adjustments 96.4 21.2 75.2 0.24 39.1 (1.1) 40.2 0.13 As adjusted 1,927.9 365.1 1,562.8 4.93 1,614.2 281.7 1,330.6 4.17 
 (1) The aggregate impact to adjusted diluted earnings per share totals to less than 0.01 for the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 (2) The income tax effect related to our adjustments includes both current and deferred income tax impact and is individually calculated based on the statutory rates applicable to each adjustment. 
 We believe that presenting adjusted pre-tax income, adjusted tax impact, adjusted net income Republic, and adjusted diluted earnings per share, which are not measures determined in accordance with U.S. GAAP, provide an understanding of operational activities before the financial impact of certain items. We use these measures, and believe investors will find them helpful, in understanding the ongoing performance of our operations separate from items that have a disproportionate impact on our results for a particular period. We have incurred comparable charges and costs in prior periods, and similar types of adjustments can reasonably be expected to be recorded in future periods. Our definitions of adjusted pre-tax income, adjusted tax impact, adjusted net income Republic, and adjusted diluted earnings per share may not be comparable to similarly titled measures presented by other companies. Further information on each of these adjustments is included below. 
 Restructuring charges. In 2022 and 2021, we incurred restructuring charges of 27.0 million and 16.6 million , respectively, primarily related to the redesign of our general ledger, budgeting and procurement enterprise resource planning systems. These systems were placed into production in 2022, and we do not expect to incur future costs related to the implementation of these systems. We paid 19.8 million and 17.2 million during 2022 and 2021, respectively, related to these restructuring efforts. 
 In 2023, we expect to incur restructuring charges of approximately 20 million, primarily related to the redesign of our customer billing and asset management software systems. Substantially all of these restructuring charges will be recorded in our corporate entities and other segment. 
 (Gain) loss on business divestitures and impairments, net. During 2022, we recorded a net gain on business divestitures and impairments of 6.3 million. During 2021, we recorded a loss of 0.5 million related to business divestitures and asset impairments. Additionally, we recognized an increase in our deferred tax provision of 5.5 million due to a change in our United States operational footprint as a result of certain acquisitions that closed during the period. 
 Adjustment to withdrawal liability for multiemployer pension funds. During 2022, we recorded a net reduction of 1.6 million related to the remeasurement of withdrawal costs liabilities from multiemployer pension plans. As we obtain updated information regarding multiemployer pension funds, the factors used in deriving our estimated withdrawal liabilities will be subject to change, which may adversely impact our reserves for withdrawal costs. 
 Accelerated vesting of compensation expense for CEO transition. In June 2021, Donald W. Slager retired as Chief Executive Officer (CEO) of Republic Services, Inc. During 2021, we recognized a charge of 22.0 million primarily related to the accelerated vesting of his compensation awards that were previously scheduled to vest in 2022 and beyond. 
 35 

Table of Contents 

US Ecology, Inc. acquisition integration and deal costs. During the year ended December 31, 2022, we incurred 77.3 million of acquisition integration and deal costs in connection with the acquisition of US Ecology, which included certain costs to close the acquisition and integrate the business, including stock compensation expense for unvested awards at closing as well as severance and change-in-control payments. The acquisition closed on May 2, 2022 . 
 In 2023 , we expect to incur costs of approximately 35 million to integrate the US Ecology business, primarily related to the integration of certain software systems as well as rebranding the business. We expect to be substantially complete with our integration activities by the end of 2023 . 
 
 Results of Operations 
 Revenue 
 We generate revenue by providing environmental services to our customers, including the collection and processing of recyclable materials, the collection, treatment, consolidation, transfer and disposal of hazardous and non-hazardous waste and other environmental solutions. Our residential, small-container and large-container collection operations in some markets are based on long-term contracts with municipalities. Certain of our municipal contracts have annual price escalation clauses that are tied to changes in an underlying base index such as a consumer price index. We generally provide small-container and large-container collection services to customers under contracts with terms up to three years. Our transfer stations and landfills generate revenue from disposal or tipping fees charged to third parties. Our recycling centers generate revenue from tipping fees charged to third parties and the sale of recycled commodities. Our revenue from environmental solutions primarily consists of (1) fees we charge for the collection, treatment, transfer and disposal of hazardous and non-hazardous waste, (2) field and industrial services, (3) equipment rental, (4) emergency response and standby services, (5) in-plant services, such as transportation and logistics, including at our TSDFs and (6) in-plant services such as high-pressure cleaning, tank cleaning, decontamination, remediation, transportation, spill cleanup and emergency response at refineries, chemical, steel and automotive plants and other governmental, commercial and industrial facilities. Other non-core revenue consists primarily of revenue from National Accounts, which represents the portion of revenue generated from nationwide or regional contracts in markets outside our operating areas where the associated material handling is subcontracted to local operators. Consequently, substantially all of this revenue is offset with related subcontract costs, which are recorded in cost of operations. 
 36 

Table of Contents 

The following table reflects our revenue by service line for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 (in millions of dollars and as a percentage of revenue): 2022 2021 Collection: Residential 2,642.6 19.5 2,452.8 21.7 Small-container 3,945.7 29.2 3,417.7 30.3 Large-container 2,701.1 20.0 2,355.6 20.8 Other 53.9 0.4 52.1 0.5 Total collection 
 9,343.3 69.1 8,278.2 73.3 Transfer 1,574.5 1,490.0 Less: intercompany (849.8) (814.4) Transfer, net 724.7 5.4 675.6 6.0 Landfill 2,681.7 2,516.6 Less: intercompany (1,131.9) (1,092.8) Landfill, net 1,549.8 11.5 1,423.8 12.6 Environmental solutions 1,262.1 242.4 Less: intercompany (53.9) (19.5) Environmental solutions, net 1,208.2 8.9 222.9 2.0 Other: Recycling processing and commodity sales 
 359.3 2.7 420.5 3.7 Other non-core 326.0 2.4 274.0 2.4 Total other 685.3 5.1 694.5 6.1 Total revenue 13,511.3 100.0 11,295.0 100.0 
 The following table reflects changes in components of our revenue, as a percentage of total revenue, for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021: 2022 2021 Average yield 5.2 2.9 Fuel recovery fees 2.6 0.8 Total price 7.8 3.7 Volume 2.4 3.8 Change in workdays (0.1) (0.1) Recycling processing and commodity sales (0.6) 1.1 Environmental solutions 0.5 (0.1) Total internal growth 10.0 8.4 Acquisitions / divestitures, net 9.6 2.8 Total 19.6 11.2 Core price 
 6.7 5.0 
 Average yield is defined as revenue growth from the change in average price per unit of service, expressed as a percentage. Core price is defined as price increases to our customers and fees, excluding fuel recovery, net of price decreases to retain customers. We also measure changes in average yield and core price as a percentage of related-business revenue, defined as total revenue excluding recycled commodities, fuel recovery fees and environmental solutions revenue to determine the effectiveness of our pricing strategies. 
 37 

Table of Contents 

The following table reflects average yield and core price as a percentage of related-business revenue for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021: 
 Years Ended December 31, 2022 2021 As a of Related Business Average yield 5.7 3.1 Core price 7.3 5.3 
 During 2022, we experienced the following changes in our revenue as compared to 2021: 
 Average yield increased revenue by 5.2 due to positive pricing changes in all our collection and disposal lines of business. 
 The fuel recovery fee program, which mitigates our exposure to increases in fuel prices, increased revenue by 2.6 , primarily due to an increase in fuel prices compared to 2021 and an increase in the total revenue subject to the fuel recovery fees. 
 Volume increased revenue by 2.4 during 2022 as compared to 2021 primarily due to volume growth in our landfill and all our collection lines of business, partially offset by a decrease in volume in our transfer line of business. The volume increase in our landfill line of business is primarily attributable to increased special waste, construction and demolition, and solid waste volumes. 
 Recycling processing and commodity sales decreased revenue by 0.6 primarily due to a decrease in overall commodity prices as compared to 2021. The average price for recycled commodities, excluding glass and organics for 2022 was 170 per ton compared to 187 per ton for 2021. 
 Changing market demand for recycled commodities causes volatility in commodity prices. At current volumes and mix of materials, we believe a 10 per ton change in the price of recycled commodities will change both annual revenue and operating income by approximately 10 million. 
 During 2022, environmental solutions revenue increased by 0.5 primarily due to an increase in volumes, including those driven by an increase in rig counts and drilling activity. This revenue increase excludes the impact from our acquisition of US Ecology. 
 Acquisitions, net of divestitures, increased revenue by 9.6 , reflecting the results of our continued growth strategy of acquiring solid waste, recycling and environmental services companies, including US Ecology, that complement and expand our existing business platform. 
 Cost of Operations 
 Cost of operations includes labor and related benefits, which consists of salaries and wages, health and welfare benefits, incentive compensation and payroll taxes. It also includes transfer and disposal costs representing tipping fees paid to third party disposal facilities and transfer stations; maintenance and repairs relating to our vehicles, equipment and containers, including related labor and benefit costs; transportation and subcontractor costs, which include costs for independent haulers that transport our waste to disposal facilities and costs for local operators that provide waste handling services associated with our National Accounts in markets outside our standard operating areas; fuel, which includes the direct cost of fuel used by our vehicles, net of fuel tax credits; disposal fees and taxes, consisting of landfill taxes, host community fees and royalties; landfill operating costs, which includes financial assurance, leachate disposal, remediation charges and other landfill maintenance costs; risk management costs, which include insurance premiums and claims; cost of goods sold, which includes material costs paid to suppliers; and other, which includes expenses such as facility operating costs, equipment rent and gains or losses on sale of assets used in our operations. 
 38 

Table of Contents 

The following table summarizes the major components of our cost of operations for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 (in millions of dollars and as a percentage of revenue): 2022 2021 Labor and related benefits 2,702.9 20.0 2,324.4 20.6 Transfer and disposal costs 992.9 7.3 865.8 7.7 Maintenance and repairs 1,228.4 9.1 1,048.8 9.3 Transportation and subcontract costs 1,086.5 8.0 779.5 6.9 Fuel 631.1 4.7 383.0 3.4 Disposal fees and taxes 
 342.3 2.5 336.6 3.0 Landfill operating costs 283.2 2.1 258.9 2.3 Risk management 321.4 2.4 261.6 2.3 Other 616.0 4.6 479.1 4.2 Subtotal 8,204.7 60.7 6,737.7 59.7 US Ecology, Inc. acquisition integration and deal costs 0.3 Total cost of operations 8,205.0 60.7 6,737.7 59.7 
 These cost categories may change from time to time and may not be comparable to similarly titled categories presented by other companies. As such, you should take care when comparing our cost of operations by component to that of other companies and of ours for prior periods. 
 Our cost of operations increased for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to the same period in 2021 as a result of the following: 
 Labor and related benefits increased in aggregate dollars due to higher hourly and salaried wages as a result of annual merit increases and an increase in service levels attributable to economic recovery from the COVID-19 pandemic. Acquisition-related growth, including the acquisition of US Ecology, also contributed to the increase in labor and related benefits in aggregate dollars. 
 Transfer and disposal costs increased in aggregate dollars primarily due to acquisition-related growth, including the acquisition of US Ecology. Transfer and disposal costs also increased in aggregate dollars as a result of higher collection volumes and an increase in third party disposal rates. 
 During both 2022 and 2021, approximately 68 of the total solid waste volume we collected was disposed at landfill sites that we own or operate (internalization). 
 Maintenance and repairs expense increa sed in aggregate dollars due to an increase in the price of replacement parts as well as an increase in service levels attributable to the economic recovery from the COVID-19 pandemic. 
 Transportation and subcontract costs increased in 2022 due to an increase in third-party transportation fees, partially driven by the higher cost of fuel passed on through higher transportation surcharges, and an increase in subcontract work attributable to a corresponding increase in non-core revenues as compared to 2021. Acquisition-related growth, including the acquisition of US Ecology, also contributed to the increase in transportation and subcontract costs. 
 Our fuel costs increased due to an increase in the average diesel fuel cost per gallon. The national average diesel fuel cost per gallon for 2022 was 4.99 compared to 3.29 for 2021. 
 At current consumption levels, we believe a twenty-cent per gallon change in the price of diesel fuel would change our fuel costs by approximately 27 million per year. Offsetting these changes in fuel expense would be changes in our fuel recovery fee charged to our customers. At current participation rates, we believe a twenty-cent per gallon change in the price of diesel fuel would change our fuel recovery fee by approximately 31 million per year. 
 Disposal fees and taxes increased in aggregate dollars in 2022 primarily due to increased royalties and host fees from an increase in volume at certain landfills as compared to 2021. 
 Landfill operating costs increased in aggregate dollars during 2022 primarily due to increased leachate treatment, transportation and disposal costs due in part to increased rainfall in select geographic regions, as well as landfill gas and other maintenance costs. 
 Risk management expenses increased primarily due to unfavorable actuarial development in our auto liability claims as well as higher premium costs. 
 39 

Table of Contents 

During 2022, we incurred 0.3 million of acquisition integration and deal costs within cost of operations in connection with the acquisition of US Ecology. 
 Other costs of operations increased during 2022 due to increased occupancy and facility related expenses, acquisition-related activity and higher third-party truck and equipment rental expense to support higher volumes. 
 Depreciation, Amortization and Depletion of Property and Equipment 
 The following table summarizes depreciation, amortization and depletion of property and equipment for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 (in millions of dollars and as a percentage of revenue): 2022 2021 Depreciation and amortization of property and equipment 811.9 6.0 734.9 6.5 Landfill depletion and amortization 433.7 3.2 376.8 3.3 Depreciation, amortization and depletion expense 1,245.6 9.2 1,111.7 9.8 
 Depreciation and amortization of property and equipment increased primarily due to assets added through acquisitions. 
 Landfill depletion and amortization expense increased due to higher landfill disposal volumes primarily driven by special waste, solid waste and construction and demolition volumes coupled with an increase in our overall average depletion rate. 
 Amortization of Other Intangible Assets 
 Expenses for amortization of other intangible assets were 53.9 million, or 0.4 of revenue, for the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to 33.3 million, or 0.3 of revenue, for 2021. Amortization expense increased due to additional assets acquired as a result of our business acquisitions. 
 Amortization of Other Assets 
 Our other assets primarily relate to the prepayment of fees and capitalized implementation costs associated with cloud-based hosting arrangements. Expenses for amortization of other assets were 52.1 million, or 0.4 , for the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to 40.5 million, or 0.4 revenue, for 2021. 
 Accretion Expense 
 Accretion expense was 89.6 million, or 0.7 of revenue, and 82.7 million, or 0.7 of revenue, for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Accretion expense increased in aggregate dollars due to acquired asset retirement obligations. 
 Selling, General and Administrative Expenses 
 Selling, general and administrative expenses include salaries, health and welfare benefits and incentive compensation for corporate and field general management, field support functions, sales force, accounting and finance, legal, management information systems and clerical and administrative departments. Other expenses include rent and office costs, fees for professional services provided by third parties, legal settlements, marketing, investor and community relations services, directors and officers insurance, general employee relocation, travel, entertainment and bank charges. Restructuring charges are excluded from selling, general and administrative expenses and are discussed separately. 
 The following table summarizes our selling, general and administrative expenses for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 (in millions of dollars and as a percentage of revenue): 2022 2021 Salaries and related benefits 937.9 7.0 844.4 7.5 Provision for doubtful accounts 41.5 0.3 19.9 0.2 Other 397.9 2.9 309.5 2.7 Subtotal 1,377.3 10.2 1,173.8 10.4 Accelerated vesting of compensation expense for CEO transition 22.0 0.2 US Ecology, Inc. acquisition integration and deal costs 77.0 0.6 Total selling, general and administrative expenses 1,454.3 10.8 1,195.8 10.6 
 These cost categories may change from time to time and may not be comparable to similarly titled categories used by other companies. As such, you should take care when comparing our selling, general and administrative expenses by cost component to those of other companies and of ours for prior periods. 
 40 

Table of Contents 

The most significant items affecting our selling, general and administrative expenses during 2022 as compared to 2021 are summarized below: 
 Salaries and related benefits increased in aggregate dollars primarily due to higher wages, benefits and other payroll related items resulting from annual merit increases, offset, in part, by lower management incentive expenses. Acquisition-related growth, including the acquisition of US Ecology, also contributed to the growth in salaries and related benefits in aggregate dollars. 
 Provision for doubtful accounts increased primarily due to an increase in days sales outstanding and acquisition-related activity. As of December 31, 2022 , our days sales outstanding were 43.3, or 31.8 days net of deferred revenue, compared to 39.2, or 27.5 days net of deferred revenue, as of December 31, 2021. Excluding our acquisition of US Ecology, our days sales outstanding were 39.1, or 27.3 days net of deferred revenue, as of December 31, 2022. 
 Other selling, general and administrative expenses increased for the year ended December 31, 2022, largely due to an increase in advertising and travel costs and acquisition-related growth, including US Ecology. 
 In June 2021, Donald W. Slager retired as CEO of Republic Services, Inc. During the year ended December 31, 2021, we recognized a charge of 22.0 million, related to the accelerated vesting of his compensation awards that were previously scheduled to vest in 2022 and beyond. 
 During the year ended December 31, 2022, we incurred 77.0 million of acquisition integration and deal costs within selling, general and administration expense in connection with the acquisition of US Ecology, which included certain costs to close the acquisition and integrate the business, including stock compensation expense for unvested awards at closing as well as severance and change-in-control payments. The acquisition closed on May 2, 2022. 
 Adjustment to Withdrawal Liability for Multiemployer Pension Funds 
 During t he year ended December 31, 2022 , we recorded a net reduction of 1.6 million related to the remeasurement of withdrawal costs liabilities from multiemployer pension plans. As we obtain updated information regarding multiemployer pension funds, the factors used in deriving our estimated withdrawal liabilities will be subject to change, which may adversely impact our reserves for withdrawal costs. 
 (Gain) loss on Business Divestitures and Impairments, Net 
 We strive to have a leading market position in each of the markets we serve, or have a clear path on how we will achieve a leading market position over time. Where we cannot establish a leading market position, or where operations are not generating acceptable returns, we may decide to divest certain assets and reallocate resources to other markets. Business divestitures could result in gains, losses or impairment charges that m ay be material to our results of operations in a given period. 
 During the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, we recorded a net gain (loss) on business divestitures and impairments of 6.3 million and 0.5 million, respectively. 
 Restructuring Charges 
 In 2022 and 2021, we incurred restructuring charges of 27.0 million and 16.6 million , respectively, primarily related to the redesign of our general ledger, budgeting and procurement enterprise resource planning systems. These systems were placed into production in 2022, and we do not expect to incur future costs related to the implementation of these systems. We paid 19.8 million and 17.2 million during 2022 and 2021, respectively, related to these restructuring efforts. 
 In 2023, we expect to incur additional restructuring charges of approximately 20 million primarily related to the implementation of replacement billing and collection software systems. Substantially all of these restructuring charges will be recorded in our corporate entities and other segment. 
 41 

Table of Contents 

Interest Expense 
 The following table provides the components of interest expense, including accretion of debt discounts and accretion of discounts primarily associated with environmental and risk insurance liabilities assumed in acquisitions for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 (in millions of dollars): 2022 2021 Interest expense on debt 329.0 249.1 Non-cash interest 71.6 70.5 Less: capitalized interest (5.0) (5.0) Total interest expense 395.6 314.6 
 Total interest expense for 2022 increased compared to 2021 primarily due to additional outstanding debt to fund the purchase of US Ecology and higher interest rates on our floating rate debt. 
 Cash paid for interest, excluding net swap settlements for our fixed-to-floating and floating-to-fixed interest rate swaps, was 311.5 million and 249.4 million for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 As of December 31, 2022, we had 3,349.1 million of floating rate debt including floating rate swap contracts. If interest rates increased or decreased by 100 basis points on our variable rate debt, annualized interest expense and net cash payments for interest would increase or decrease by approximately 33 million. 
 Income Taxes 
 Our provision for income taxes was 343.9 million and 282.8 million for 2022 and 2021, respectively. Our effective tax rate, exclusive of non-controlling interests, for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 was 18.8 and 18.0 , respectively. Net cash paid for income taxes was approximately 185 million and 300 million for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 During 2022, we acquired non-controlling interests in limited liability companies established to own solar energy assets that qualified for investment tax credits under Section 48 of the Internal Revenue Code. We account for these investments using the equity method of accounting and recognize our share of income or loss and other reductions in the value of our investment in loss from unconsolidated equity method investments within our consolidated statements of income. For further discussion regarding our equity method accounting, see Note 3, Business Acquisitions, Investments and Restructuring Charges . Our 2022 tax provision reflects a benefit of approximately 139 million due to the tax credits related to these investments. 
 Our 2021 tax provision was reduced by approximately 126 million related to the tax credits from our non-controlling interest in limited liability companies established to own solar energy assets. 
 On August 16, 2022, the Inflation Reduction Act (IRA) was signed into law. The IRA, among other things, implements a 15 minimum tax on financial statement income of certain large corporations, a 1 excise tax on stock repurchases and extends, enhances and creates several tax incentives to promote clean energy. While we continue to evaluate the IRA, at present, outside of the potential for future energy credits, we do not believe it will have a material effect on our audited consolidated financial statements. 
 We have deferred tax assets related to state net operating loss carryforwards with an estimated tax effect of approximately 77 million available as of December 31, 2022. These state net operating loss carryforwards expire at various times between 2023 and 2042. We believe that it is more likely than not that the benefit from some of our state net operating loss carryforwards will not be realized due to limitations on these loss carryforwards in certain states. In recognition of this risk, as of December 31, 2022, we have provided a valuation allowance of approximately 42 million. 
 For additional discussion and detail regarding our income taxes, see Note 11, Income Taxes , of the notes to our audited consolidated financial statements in Part II, Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 42 

Table of Contents 

Reportable Segments 
 Our senior management evaluates, oversees and manages the financial performance of our operations through three field groups, referred to as Group 1, Group 2 and Group 3. Group 1 is our recycling and solid waste business operating primarily in geographic areas located in the western United States. Group 2 is our recycling and solid waste business operating primarily in geographic areas located in the southeastern and mid-western United States and the eastern seaboard of the United States. Group 3 is our environmental solutions business operating primarily in geographic areas located across the United States and Canada. These groups are presented below as our reportable segments, which each provide integrated environmental services, including but not limited to collection, transfer, recycling and disposal. Prior to the third quarter of 2022, our environmental solutions operating segment, now referred to as our Group 3 reportable segment, was aggregated with Corporate entities and other. 
 Corporate entities and other include legal, tax, treasury, information technology, risk management, human resources, closed landfills and other administrative functions. National Accounts revenue included in Corporate entities and other represents the portion of revenue generated from nationwide and regional contracts in markets outside our operating areas where the associated material handling is subcontracted to local operators. Consequently, substantially all of this revenue is offset with related subcontract costs, which are recorded in cost of operations. 
 Summarized financial information regarding our reportable segments for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 (in millions of dollars and as a percentage of revenue in the case of adjusted EBITDA margin) follows. For totals as well as further detail regarding our reportable segments and the adjustments used to calculate gross Adjusted EBITDA, net Adjusted EBITDA and adjusted EBITDA margin for each segment, see Note 15, Segment Reporting , of the notes to our audited consolidated financial statements in Part II, Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 Group 1 Group 2 Group 3 Corporate entities and other Year Ended December 31, 2022 
 Gross Revenue 7,240.5 6,903.8 1,262.5 238.3 Intercompany Revenue (1,104.5) (930.9) (46.6) (51.8) Net Revenue 6,136.0 5,972.9 1,215.9 186.5 Gross Adjusted EBITDA 1,979.4 1,685.9 253.7 10.3 Adjusted EBITDA allocations 27.5 25.4 (42.6) (10.3) Net Adjusted EBITDA 2,006.9 1,711.3 211.1 Adjusted EBITDA margin 32.2 28.2 17.4 Capital Expenditures 626.2 527.7 141.7 158.4 Total Assets 12,494.3 10,439.4 4,086.3 2,032.9 Year Ended December 31, 2021 
 Gross Revenue 6,630.0 6,229.1 242.4 220.3 Intercompany Revenue (1,071.1) (905.7) (19.5) (30.5) Net Revenue 5,558.9 5,323.4 222.9 189.8 Gross Adjusted EBITDA 1,841.1 1,494.8 44.6 3.0 Adjusted EBITDA allocations 1.6 1.4 (3.0) Net Adjusted EBITDA 1,842.7 1,496.2 44.6 Adjusted EBITDA margin 32.6 27.6 20.0 Capital Expenditures 601.9 541.8 50.8 121.8 Total Assets 12,199.2 9,926.9 1,211.6 1,617.3 
 Significant changes in the revenue, Adjusted EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA margin of our reportable segments for 2022 compared to 2021 are discussed below. 
 43 

Table of Contents 

Group 1 
 Net revenue for the year ended December 31, 2022 increased 10.4 from 2021 due to an increase in average yield and volume in all lines of business. The increase in landfill volume was attributable to an increase in special waste and construction and demolition volumes, offset in part by a decrease in solid waste volumes. Revenue also increased due to acquisition-related growth. 
 Adjusted EBITDA in Group 1 increased in aggregate dollars from 1,842.7 million for the year ended December 31, 2021, or a 32.6 adjusted EBITDA margin, to 2,006.9 million, or a 32.2 adjusted EBITDA margin for the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 Adjusted EBITDA margin for the year ended December 31, 2022 was unfavorably impacted by an increase in vehicle and equipment rental fees, transportation and subcontract costs driven by increases in volume, as well as higher disposal costs due to an increase in third party disposal rates, higher maintenance costs due to inflationary pressures on parts and materials and increased transportation and subcontract costs driven by the increase in volume. The unfavorable impact was partially offset by the increase in revenue attributable to both acquisition activity and the economic recovery from the COVID-19 pandemic. 
 Group 2 
 Net revenue for the year ended December 31, 2022 increased 12.2 from 2021 due to an increase in average yield in all lines of business and volume in our landfill and small- and large-container collection lines of business. These increases were partially offset by volume declines in our residential and transfer station lines of business. The increase in landfill volume was attributable to an increase in special waste, solid waste and construction and demolition volumes. Revenue also increased due to acquisition-related growth. 
 Adjusted EBITDA in Group 2 increased from 1,496.2 million for the year ended December 31, 2021, or a 27.6 adjusted EBITDA margin, to 1,711.3 million, or a 28.2 adjusted EBITDA margin for the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 Adjusted EBITDA margin for the year ended December 31, 2022 was favorably impacted by the increase in revenue attributable to the economic recovery from the COVID-19 pandemic coupled with the effective management of certain operating costs, primarily labor and related benefits, disposal costs and maintenance and repairs. The favorable impact was partially offset by an increase in vehicle and equipment rental fees and transportation and subcontract costs driven by the increases in volume. 
 Group 3 
 Revenue for the year ended December 31, 2022 increased primarily due to the acquisition of US Ecology, as well as an increase in rig counts and drilling activity. 
 Adjusted EBITDA in Group 3 increased from 44.6 million for the year ended December 31, 2021, or a 20.0 adjusted EBITDA margin, to 211.1 million for the year ended December 31, 2022, or an 17.4 adjusted EBITDA margin. 
 Adjusted EBITDA margin for the year ended December 31, 2022 decreased due to the acquisition of US Ecology. 
 
 Landfill and Environmental Matters 
 Our landfill costs include daily operating expenses, costs of capital for cell development, costs for final capping, closure and post-closure and the legal and administrative costs of ongoing environmental compliance. Daily operating expenses include leachate treatment, transportation and disposal costs, methane gas and groundwater monitoring and system maintenance costs, interim cap maintenance costs and costs associated with applying daily cover materials. We expense all indirect landfill development costs as they are incurred. We use life cycle accounting and the units-of-consumption method to recognize certain direct landfill costs related to landfill development. In life cycle accounting, certain direct costs are capitalized and charged to depletion expense based on the consumption of cubic yards of available airspace. These costs include all costs to acquire and construct a site, including excavation, natural and synthetic liners, construction of leachate collection systems, installation of methane gas collection and monitoring systems, installation of groundwater monitoring wells and other costs associated with acquiring and developing the site. Obligations associated with final capping, closure and post-closure are capitalized and amortized on a units-of-consumption basis as airspace is consumed. 
 Cost and airspace estimates are developed at least annually by engineers. Our operating and accounting personnel use these estimates to adjust the rates we use to expense capitalized costs. Changes in these estimates primarily relate to changes in cost estimates, available airspace, inflation and applicable regulations. Changes in available airspace include changes in engineering estimates, changes in design and changes due to the addition of airspace lying in expansion areas that we believe have a probable likelihood of being permitted. Changes in engineering estimates typically include modifications to the available disposal capacity of a landfill based on a refinement of the capacity calculations resulting from updated information. 
 44 

Table of Contents 

Available Airspace 
 As of December 31, 2022 , we owned or operated 206 active landfills with total available disposal capacity estimated to be 5.0 billion in-place cubic yards. For these landfills, the following table reflects changes in capacity and remaining capacity, as measured in cubic yards of airspace as of December 31, 2022. Balance as of December 31, 2021 
 New Expansions Undertaken Landfills Acquired, Net of Divestitures Permits Granted / New Sites, Net of Closures Airspace Consumed Changes in Engineering Estimates Balance as of December 31, 2022 
 Cubic yards (in millions): Permitted airspace 4,826.7 75.2 3.3 (85.0) (3.4) 4,816.8 Probable expansion airspace 186.0 14.6 (3.1) 197.5 Total cubic yards (in millions) 5,012.7 14.6 75.2 0.2 (85.0) (3.4) 5,014.3 Number of sites: Permitted airspace 198 10 (2) 206 Probable expansion airspace 11 3 (1) 13 
 The following table reflects changes in capacity and remaining capacity for these landfills, as measured in cubic yards of airspace, as of December 31, 2021 . Balance as of December 31, 2020 
 New Expansions Undertaken Landfills Acquired, Net of Divestitures Permits Granted / New Sites, Net of Closures Airspace Consumed Changes in Engineering Estimates Balance as of December 31, 2021 
 Cubic yards (in millions): Permitted airspace 4,792.5 61.4 37.8 (79.3) 14.3 4,826.7 Probable expansion airspace 196.4 20.5 (30.9) 186.0 Total cubic yards (in millions) 4,988.9 20.5 61.4 6.9 (79.3) 14.3 5,012.7 Number of sites: Permitted airspace 186 13 (1) 198 Probable expansion airspace 11 2 (2) 11 
 Total available disposal capacity represents the sum of estimated permitted airspace plus an estimate of probable expansion airspace. Engineers develop these estimates at least annually using information provided by annual aerial surveys. Before airspace included in an expansion area is determined to be probable expansion airspace and, therefore, included in our calculation of total available disposal capacity, it must meet all of our expansion criteria. See Note 2, Summary of Significant Accounting Policies, and Note 8, Landfill and Environmental Costs , of the notes to our audited consolidated financial statements in Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K for further information. Also see our Critical Accounting Judgments and Estimates section of this Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. 
 As of December 31, 2022, 13 of our landfills met all of our criteria for including their probable expansion airspace in their total available disposal capacity. At projected annual volumes, these 13 landfills have an estimated remaining average site life of 32 years, including probable expansion airspace. The average estimated remaining life of all of our landfills is 58 years. We have other expansion opportunities that are not included in our total available airspace because they do not meet all of our criteria for treatment as probable expansion airspace. 
 45 

Table of Contents 

The following table reflects the estimated operating lives of our active landfill sites based on available and probable disposal capacity using current annual volumes as of December 31, 2022: Number of Sites without Probable Expansion Airspace Number of Sites with Probable Expansion Airspace Total Sites Percent of Total 0 to 5 years 23 23 11.2 6 to 10 years 20 20 9.7 11 to 20 years 27 4 31 15.0 21 to 40 years 51 4 55 26.7 41+ years 72 5 77 37.4 Total 193 13 206 100.0 
 Final Capping, Closure and Post-Closure Costs 
 As of December 31, 2022, accrued final capping, closure and post-closure costs were 1,786.4 million, of which 75.2 million were current and 1,711.2 million were long-term as reflected in our consolidated balance sheets in accrued landfill and environmental costs included in Part II, Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 
 Remediation and Other Charges for Landfill Matters 
 It is reasonably possible that we will need to adjust our accrued landfill and environmental liabilities to reflect the effects of new or additional information, to the extent that such information impacts the costs, timing or duration of the required actions. Future changes in our estimates of the costs, timing or duration of the required actions could have a material adverse effect on our consolidated financial position, results of operations and cash flows. 
 For a description of our significant remediation matters, see Note 8, Landfill and Environmental Costs, of the notes to our audited consolidated financial statements in Part II, Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 
 Investment in Landfills 
 As of December 31, 2022, we expect to spend an estimated additional 10.7 billion on existing landfills, primarily related to cell construction and environmental structures, over their remaining lives. Our total expected investment, excluding non-depletable land, estimated to be 15.6 billion, or 3.11 per cubic yard, is used in determining our depletion and amortization expense based on airspace consumed using the units-of-consumption method. 
 The following table reflects our future expected investment as of December 31, 2022 (in millions): Balance as of December 31, 2022 
 Expected Future Investment Total Expected Investment Non-depletable landfill land 255.2 255.2 Landfill development costs 9,574.2 10,696.7 20,270.9 Construction-in-progress landfill 358.3 358.3 Accumulated depletion and amortization (5,058.9) (5,058.9) Net investment in landfill land and development costs 5,128.8 10,696.7 15,825.5 
 46 

Table of Contents 

The following table reflects our net investment in our landfills, excluding non-depletable land, and our depletion, amortization and accretion expense for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021: 2022 2021 Number of landfills owned or operated 206 198 Net investment, excluding non-depletable land (in millions) 4,873.6 4,193.3 Total estimated available disposal capacity (in millions of cubic yards) 5,014.3 5,012.7 Net investment per cubic yard 0.97 0.84 Landfill depletion and amortization expense (in millions) 433.7 376.8 Accretion expense (in millions) 89.6 82.7 523.3 459.5 Airspace consumed (in millions of cubic yards) 85.0 79.3 Depletion, amortization and accretion expense per cubic yard of airspace consumed 6.16 5.79 
 During 2022 and 2021, our average compaction rate was approximately 2,000 pounds per cubic yard based primarily on a three-year historical moving average. 
 
 Property and Equipment 
 The following tables reflect the activity in our property and equipment accounts for the year ended December 31, 2022 (in millions of dollars): 
 Gross Property and Equipment 
 Balance as of December 31, 2021 
 Capital Additions Retirements Acquisitions, Net of Divestitures Non-Cash Additions for Asset Retirement Obligations Adjustments for Asset Retirement Obligations Impairments, Transfers and Other Adjustments Balance as of December 31, 2022 
 Land 694.9 2.4 (1.7) 85.0 (0.9) 779.7 Landfill development costs 8,539.6 14.5 590.4 60.1 20.2 349.4 9,574.2 Vehicles and equipment 8,576.9 759.6 (272.6) 300.0 101.4 9,465.3 Buildings and improvements 1,508.4 57.9 (10.0) 126.9 21.4 1,704.6 Construction-in-progress - landfill 279.3 390.9 38.6 (350.5) 358.3 Construction-in-progress - other 182.9 338.0 (0.2) (1.1) (161.0) 358.6 Total 19,782.0 1,563.3 (284.5) 1,139.8 60.1 20.2 (40.2) 22,240.7 
 Accumulated Depreciation, Amortization and Depletion Balance as of December 31, 2021 
 Additions Charged to Expense Retirements Acquisitions, Net of Divestitures Adjustments for Asset Retirement Obligations Impairments, Transfers and Other Adjustments Balance as of December 31, 2022 
 Landfill development costs (4,625.6) (440.1) (1.6) 5.7 2.7 (5,058.9) Vehicles and equipment (5,231.6) (735.9) 265.7 7.6 14.3 (5,679.9) Buildings and improvements (692.7) (79.4) 6.9 0.6 6.7 (757.9) Total (10,549.9) (1,255.4) 272.6 6.6 5.7 23.7 (11,496.7) 
 47 

Table of Contents 

The following tables reflect the activity in our property and equipment accounts for the year ended December 31, 2021 (in millions of dollars): 
 
 Gross Property and Equipment 
 Balance as of December 31, 2020 
 Capital Additions Retirements Acquisitions, Net of Divestitures Non-Cash Additions for Asset Retirement Obligations Adjustments for Asset Retirement Obligations Impairments, Transfers and Other Adjustments Balance as of December 31, 2021 
 Land 633.4 32.7 (3.9) 16.6 16.1 694.9 Landfill development costs 7,991.7 6.5 65.5 46.7 58.9 370.3 8,539.6 Vehicles and equipment 8,119.0 651.0 (385.2) 109.3 82.8 8,576.9 Buildings and improvements 1,402.5 24.8 (6.9) 20.9 0.5 66.6 1,508.4 Construction-in-progress - landfill 303.8 358.5 (383.0) 279.3 Construction-in-progress - other 107.4 240.2 5.3 (170.0) 182.9 Total 18,557.8 1,313.7 (396.0) 217.6 47.2 58.9 (17.2) 19,782.0 
 Accumulated Depreciation, Amortization and Depletion Balance as of December 31, 2020 
 Additions Charged to Expense Retirements Acquisitions, Net of Divestitures Adjustments for Asset Retirement Obligations Impairments, Transfers and Other Adjustments Balance as of December 31, 2021 
 Landfill development costs (4,249.5) (369.4) 0.5 (7.2) (4,625.6) Vehicles and equipment (4,953.4) (665.4) 376.3 10.9 (5,231.6) Buildings and improvements (628.7) (68.9) 5.0 0.3 (0.4) (692.7) Total (9,831.6) (1,103.7) 381.3 0.8 (7.2) 10.5 (10,549.9) 
 
 Liquidity and Capital Resources 
 Cash and Cash Equivalents 
 The following is a summary of our cash and cash equivalents and restricted cash and marketable securities balances as of December 31: 2022 2021 Cash and cash equivalents 143.4 29.0 Restricted cash and marketable securities 127.6 139.0 Less: restricted marketable securities (56.7) (62.4) Cash, cash equivalents, restricted cash and restricted cash equivalents 214.3 105.6 
 Our restricted cash and marketable securities include, among other things, restricted cash and marketable securities pledged to regulatory agencies and governmental entities as financial guarantees of our performance under certain collection, landfill and transfer station contracts and permits, and relating to our final capping, closure and post-closure obligations at our landfills, and restricted cash and marketable securities related to our insurance obligations and restricted cash related to proceeds from the issuance of tax-exempt bonds that will be used to fund qualifying landfill-related expenditures in the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania. 
 The following table summarizes our restricted cash and marketable securities as of December 31: 2022 2021 Financing proceeds 12.4 Capping, closure and post-closure obligations 39.1 42.4 Insurance 88.5 84.2 Total restricted cash and marketable securities 127.6 139.0 
 
 48 

Table of Contents 

Material Cash Requirements and Intended Uses of Cash 
 We expect existing cash, cash equivalents, restricted cash and marketable securities, cash flows from operations and financing activities to continue to be sufficient to fund our operating activities and cash commitments for investing and financing activities for at least the next 12 months and thereafter for the foreseeable future. Our known current- and long-term uses of cash include, among other possible demands: (1) capital expenditures and leases, (2) acquisitions, (3) dividend payments, (4) repayments to service debt and other long-term obligations, (5) payments for asset retirement obligations and environmental liabilities and (6) share repurchases. 
 Capital Expenditures and Leases 
 We make investments in property and equipment primarily to allow for growth of our service offerings. These investments are largely concentrated in vehicles and equipment and costs to construct our landfills. We expect to receive between 1.65 billion to 1.67 billion of property and equipment, net of proceeds from the sale of property and equipment, in 2023. 
 We lease property and equipment in the ordinary course of business under various lease agreements. The most significant lease obligations are for real property and equipment specific to our industry, including property operated as a landfill or transfer station and operating equipment. As of December 31, 2022, the amount of total future lease payments under operating and finance leases was 335.0 million and 430.3 million, respectively. For additional detail regarding our lease obligations, see Note 10, Leases , of the notes to our audited consolidated financial statements in Part II, Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 Acquisitions 
 Our acquisition growth strategy focuses primarily on acquiring privately held recycling and solid waste companies and environmental solutions businesses that complement our existing business platform. We continue to invest in value-enhancing acquisitions in existing markets. 
 We expect to invest at least 500 million in acquisitions in 2023. 
 Dividend Payments 
 In October 2022 , our Board of Directors approved a quarterly dividend of 0.495 per share. Aggregate cash dividends declared were 603.4 million for the year ended December 31, 2022. As of December 31, 2022, we recorded a quarterly dividend payable of 156.4 million to shareholders of record at the close of business on January 3, 2023, which was paid on January 13, 2023. 
 Debt and other long-term obligations 
 Debt repayments may include purchases of our outstanding indebtedness in the secondary market or otherwise. We believe that our excess cash, cash from operating activities and our availability to draw on our credit facilities provide us with sufficient financial resources to meet our anticipated capital requirements and maturing obligations as they come due. 
 We may choose to voluntarily retire certain portions of our outstanding debt before their maturity dates using cash from operations or additional borrowings. We may also explore opportunities in the capital markets to fund redemptions should market conditions be favorable. Early extinguishment of debt will result in an impairment charge in the period in which the debt is repaid. The loss on early extinguishment of debt relates to premiums paid to effectuate the repurchase and the relative portion of unamortized note discounts and debt issue costs. 
 In May 2022, we entered into a commercial paper program for the issuance and sale of unsecured commercial paper in an aggregate principal amount not to exceed 500.0 million outstanding at any one time (the Commercial Paper Cap). In August 2022, the Commercial Paper Cap was increased to 1.0 billion. As of December 31, 2022, we had 1.0 billion principal value of commercial paper issued and outstanding under the program, with a weighted average interest rate of 4.670 and weighted average maturity of 36 days. In the event of a failed re-borrowing, we currently have availability under our Credit Facility to fund the amounts borrowed under the commercial paper program until they are re-borrowed successfully. Accordingly, we have classified these borrowings as long-term in our consolidated balance sheet as of December 31, 2022. 
 As of December 31, 2022, the total principal value of our debt was 11.9 billion, of which 456.0 million is due in 2023. 
 We have several agreements that require us to dispose of a minimum number of tons at third-party disposal facilities. Under these put-or-pay agreements, we must pay for agreed-upon minimum volumes regardless of the actual number of tons placed at the facilities. 
 Our unconditional purchase commitments have varying expiration dates, with some extending through the remaining life of the respective landfill. Future minimum payments under unconditional purchase commitments consist primarily of (1) disposal related agreements, which include fixed or minimum royalty payments, host agreements and take-or-pay and put-or-pay agreements and (2) other obligations including committed capital expenditures and consulting service agreements. As of 
 49 

Table of Contents 

December 31, 2022, such purchase commitments, which do not qualify for recognition on our Consolidated Balance Sheets, amount to 745.2 million, of which 133.9 million was short-term. 
 For additional detail regarding our debt and known contractual and other obligation, see Note 9, Debt, and Note 19, Commitments and Contingencies , of the notes to our audited consolidated financial statements in Part II, Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 Asset Retirement Obligations and Environmental Liabilities 
 We have future obligations for final capping, closure and post-closure costs with respect to the landfills we own or operate as set forth in applicable landfill permits. As of December 31, 2022, our future obligations for final capping, closure and post-closure costs totaled 1.8 billion, of which 75.2 million was short-term. 
 Additionally, we are subject to an array of laws and regulations relating to the protection of the environment, and we remediate sites in the ordinary course of our business. Our environmental remediation liabilities primarily include costs associated with remediating groundwater, surface water and soil contamination, as well as controlling and containing methane gas migration and the related legal costs. As of December 31, 2022, our environmental liabilities totaled 487.5 million, of which 57.4 million was short-term. 
 For additional detail regarding our asset retirement obligations and environmental liabilities, see Note 8, Landfill and Environmental Costs , of the notes to our audited consolidated financial statements in Part II, Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 Share Repurchases 
 In October 2020, our Board of Directors approved a 2.0 billion share repurchase authorization effective starting January 1, 2021 and extending through December 31, 2023. Share repurchases under the current program may be made through open market purchases or privately negotiated transactions in accordance with applicable federal securities laws. While the Board of Directors has approved the program, the timing of any purchases, the prices and the number of shares of common stock to be purchased will be determined by our management, at its discretion, and will depend upon market conditions and other factors. The share repurchase program may be extended, suspended or discontinued at any time. As of December 31, 2022, the remaining authorized purchase capacity under our October 2020 repurchase program was 1.5 billion. 
 Summary of Cash Flow Activity 
 The major components of changes in cash flows for 2022 and 2021 are discussed in the following paragraphs. The following table summarizes our cash flow from operating activities, investing activities and financing activities for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 (in millions of dollars): 2022 2021 Net cash provided by operating activities 3,190.0 2,786.7 Net cash used in investing activities (4,423.0) (2,466.1) Net cash provided by (used in) financing activities 1,344.2 (329.2) 
 Cash Flows Provided by Operating Activities 
 The most significant items affecting the comparison of our operating cash flows for 2022 and 2021 are summarized below. 
 Changes in assets and liabilities, net of effects from business acquisitions and divestitures, decreased our cash flow from operations by 231.0 million in 2022, compared to a decrease of 94.0 million during the same period in 2021, primarily as a result of the following: 
 Our accounts receivable, exclusive of the change in allowance for doubtful accounts and customer credits, increased 198.8 million during 2022, due to the timing of billings net of collections, compared to a 135.4 million increase in the same period in 2021. As of December 31, 2022, our days sales outstanding were 43.3, or 31.8 days net of deferred revenue, compared to 39.2, or 27.5 days net of deferred revenue, as of December 31, 2021. 
 Our prepaid expenses and other assets increased 83.8 million in 2022 compared to a 57.0 million increase in 2021, primarily due to additional SaaS implementation costs incurred related to the redesign of our general ledger, budgeting and procurement enterprise resource planning systems in 2022. Cash paid for income taxes was 185 million and 300 million for 2022 and 2021, respectively. Income taxes paid in 2022 and 2021 reflected benefits from tax credits from our continuing investments in solar energy. 
 Our accounts payable increased 106.4 million during 2022 compared to a 113.8 million increase during 2021, due to the timing of payments. 
 50 

Table of Contents 

Cash paid for capping, closure and post-closure obligations was 64.6 million during 2022 compared to 59.6 million for 2021. The increase in cash paid for capping, closure and post-closure obligations is primarily due to the timing of capping and post-closure payments at certain of our landfill sites. 
 Cash paid for remediation obligations was 2.4 million lower during 2022 compared to 2021. 
 In addition, cash paid for interest was 311.5 million and 249.4 million, excluding net swap settlements for our fixed to floating interest rate swaps, for 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 We use cash flows from operations to fund capital expenditures, acquisitions, dividend payments, debt repayments and share repurchases. 
 Cash Flows Used in Investing Activities 
 The most significant items affecting the comparison of our cash flows used in investing activities for 2022 and 2021 are summarized below: 
 Capital expenditures during 2022 were 1,454.0 million as compared to 1,316.3 million for 2021. 
 Proceeds from sales of property and equipment during 2022 were 32.8 million as compared to 19.5 million for 2021. 
 During 2022 and 2021, we used 3,038.5 million and 1,221.7 million, respectively, for acquisitions and investments, net of cash acquired, including the cash used for the acquisition of US Ecology. During 2022 and 2021, we received 50.6 million and 46.3 million from business divestitures, respectively. 
 We intend to finance capital expenditures and acquisitions through cash on hand, restricted cash held for capital expenditures, cash flows from operations, our revolving credit facilities and tax-exempt bonds and other financings. 
 Cash Flows Used in Financing Activities 
 The most significant items affecting the comparison of our cash flows used in financing activities for 2022 and 2021 are summarized below: 
 We issued no senior notes during 2022. During 2021, we issued 700.0 million of senior notes for cash proceeds, net of discounts and fees, of 692.3 million. Net proceeds of notes payable and long-term debt were 2,164.6 million during 2022, compared to net payments of 150.2 million in 2021. For a more detailed discussion, see the Financial Condition section of this Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. 
 During 2022, we repurchased 1.6 million shares of our stock for 203.5 million. During 2021, we repurchased 2.2 million shares of our stock for 252.2 million. 
 In July 2022, our Board of Directors approved an increase in our quarterly dividend to 0.495 per share. Dividends paid were 592.9 million and 552.6 million in 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 During 2022 and 2021, cash paid for purchase price holdback releases and contingent purchase price related to acquisitions was 9.6 million and 21.3 million, respectively. 
 
 Financial Condition 
 Debt Obligations 
 As of December 31, 2022 , we had 456.0 million of principal debt maturing within the next 12 months, which includes certain variable rate tax-exempt financing, debentures and finance lease obligations. All of our tax-exempt financings are remarketed either quarterly or semiannually by remarketing agents to effectively maintain a variable yield. The holders of the bonds can put them back to the remarketing agents at the end of each interest period. If the remarketing agent is unable to remarket our bonds, the remarketing agent can put the bonds to us. In the event of a failed remarketing, as of December 31, 2022 , we had availability under our 3.0 billion unsecured revolving credit facility to fund these bonds until they are remarketed successfully. In the event of a failed re-borrowing under our commercial paper program, we currently have availability under our Credit Facility to fund the amounts borrowed under the commercial paper program until they are re-borrowed successfully. Accordingly, we have classified these tax-exempt financings and commercial paper program borrowings as long-term in our consolidated balance sheet as of December 31, 2022 . 
 For further discussion of the components of our overall debt, see Note 9, Debt , of the notes to our audited consolidated financial statements in Part II, Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 51 

Table of Contents 

Credit Facilities 
 The Credit Facility 
 In August 2021, we entered into a 3.0 billion unsecured revolving credit facility (the Credit Facility). Borrowings under the Credit Facility mature in August 2026. As permitted by the Credit Facility, we have the right to request two one-year extensions of the maturity date, but none of the lenders are committed to participate in such extension. The Credit Facility also includes a feature that allows us to increase availability, at our option, by an aggregate amount of up to 1.0 billion through increased commitments from existing lenders or the addition of new lenders. 
 At our option, borrowings under the Credit Facility bear interest at a Base Rate, a daily floating London Interbank Offered Rate (LIBOR), or a Eurodollar Rate, plus a current applicable margin of 0.910 based on our Debt Ratings (all as defined in the Credit Facility agreement). On the earliest of (i) the date that all available tenors of United States dollar LIBOR have permanently or indefinitely ceased to be provided or have been announced to be no longer representative, (ii) June 30, 2023 or (iii) the effective date of an election to opt into a secured overnight financing rate (SOFR), the LIBOR rate will be replaced by a forward-looking term rate based on SOFR or a daily rate based on SOFR published on such date. 
 The Credit Facility is subject to facility fees based on applicable rates defined in the Credit Facility agreement and the aggregate commitment, regardless of usage. Availability under our Credit Facility totaled 1,402.4 million and 2,633.8 million as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The Credit Facility can be used for working capital, capital expenditures, acquisitions, letters of credit and other general corporate purposes. The Credit Facility agreement requires us to comply with financial and other covenants. We may pay dividends and repurchase common stock if we are in compliance with these covenants. 
 We had 250.0 million and 24.3 million in borrowings outstanding under our Credit Facility as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. We had 347.6 million and 341.9 million of letters of credit outstanding under our Credit Facility as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 Uncommitted Credit Facility 
 In January 2022, we entered into a 200.0 million unsecured uncommitted revolving credit facility (the Uncommitted Credit Facility), which replaced the prior 135.0 million uncommitted credit facility. The Uncommitted Credit Facility bears interest at an annual percentage rate to be agreed upon by both parties. Borrowings under the Uncommitted Credit Facility can be used for working capital, letters of credit and other general corporate purposes. The agreement governing our Uncommitted Credit Facility requires us to comply with certain covenants. The Uncommitted Credit Facility may be terminated by either party at any time. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, we had no borrowings outstanding under our Uncommitted Credit Facility. 
 Financial and Other Covenants 
 The Credit Facility requires us to comply with financial and other covenants. To the extent we are not in compliance with these covenants, we cannot pay dividends or repurchase common stock. Compliance with covenants also is a condition for any incremental borrowings under the Credit Facility, and failure to meet these covenants would enable the lenders to require repayment of any outstanding loans (which would adversely affect our liquidity). Additionally, if we are not in compliance with these covenants, we could not use the availability under our Credit Facility to fund borrowings we currently make under our commercial paper program, if there is a failed reborrowing under that program. The Credit Facility provides that our total debt to EBITDA ratio may not exceed 3.75 to 1.00 as of the last day of any fiscal quarter. In the case of an "elevated ratio period", which may be elected by us if one or more acquisitions during a fiscal quarter involve aggregate consideration in excess of 200.0 million (the Trigger Quarter), the total debt to EBITDA ratio may not exceed 4.25 to 1.00 during the Trigger Quarter and each of the following three fiscal quarters. The Credit Facility also provides that there may not be more than two elevated ratio periods elected during the term of the Credit Facility agreement. During the second quarter of 2022, we exercised the elevated ratio clause in conjunction with our acquisition of US Ecology; as a result, we are subject to a 4.25 to 1.00 total debt to EBITDA ratio through March 31, 2023. We were in compliance with this debt covenant for each quarter of 2022. As of December 31, 2022, our total debt to EBITDA ratio was 3.12 compared to the 4.25 maximum allowed. As of December 31, 2022, we were in compliance with all other covenants unde r our Credit Facility . 
 EBITDA, which is a non-U.S. GAAP measure, is calculated as defined in our Credit Facility agreement. In this context, EBITDA is used solely to provide information regarding the extent to which we are in compliance with debt covenants and is not comparable to EBITDA used by other companies or used by us for other purposes. 
 Failure to comply with the financial and other covenants under the Credit Facility, as well as the occurrence of certain material adverse events, would constitute defaults and would allow the lenders under the Credit Facility to accelerate the maturity of all indebtedness under the Credit Facility. This could have an adverse effect on the availability of financial assurances. In addition, maturity acceleration on the Credit Facility constitutes an event of default under our other debt and derivative instruments, including our senior notes, and, therefore, our senior notes would also be subject to acceleration of maturity. If such 
 52 

Table of Contents 

acceleration were to occur, we would not have sufficient liquidity available to repay the indebtedness. We would likely have to seek an amendment under the Credit Facility for relief from the financial covenant or repay the debt with proceeds from the issuance of new debt or equity, or asset sales, if necessary. We may be unable to amend the Credit Facility or raise sufficient capital to repay such obligations in the event the maturity is accelerated. 
 Term Loan Facility 
 On April 29, 2022, we entered into a 1.0 billion unsecured Term Loan Facility (Term Loan Facility), which will mature on April 29, 2025. The Term Loan Facility bears interest at a base rate or a forward-looking SOFR, plus an applicable margin based on our debt ratings. The current weighted average interest rate for the year ended December 31, 2022 is 4.629 . 
 On May 2, 2022 , we completed the acquisition of US Ecology using proceeds from the Term Loan Facility and borrowings under the Credit Facility. We had 1.0 billion in borrowings outstanding under the Term Loan Facility as of December 31, 2022. 
 Commercial Paper Program 
 In May 2022, we entered into a commercial paper program for the issuance and sale of unsecured commercial paper in an aggregate principal amount not to exceed the Commercial Paper Cap. As of December 31, 2022, we had 1.0 billion principal value of commercial paper issued and outstanding under the program, with a weighted average interest rate of 4.670 and weighted average maturity of 36 days for the year ended December 31, 2022. In the event of a failed re-borrowing, we currently have availability under our Credit Facility to fund amounts currently borrowed under the commercial paper program until they are re-borrowed successfully. Accordingly, we have classified these borrowings as long-term in our consolidated balance sheet as of December 31, 2022. 
 Senior Notes and Debentures 
 As of December 31, 2022, we had 8,107.8 million of unsecured senior notes and debentures, with maturities ranging from 2023 to 2050. Our senior notes and debentures are general unsecured obligations. Interest is payable semi-annually. 
 Derivative Instruments and Hedging Relationships 
 Our ability to obtain financing through the capital markets is a key component of our financial strategy. Historically, we have managed risk associated with executing this strategy, particularly as it relates to fluctuations in interest rates, by using a combination of fixed and floating rate debt. From time to time, we also have entered into interest rate swap and lock agreements to manage risk associated with interest rates, either to effectively convert specific fixed rate debt to a floating rate (fair value hedges), or to lock interest rates in anticipation of future debt issuances (cash flow hedges). We also acquired and novated a floating-to-fixed interest rate swap designated as a cash flow hedge in connection with our acquisition of US Ecology. 
 Additionally, we amended certain interest rate lock agreements, extending the mandatory maturity date and dedesignated them as cash flow hedges (the Extended Interest Rate Locks). In addition, we entered into offsetting interest rate swaps to offset future exposures to fair value fluctuations of the Extended Interest Rate Locks. 
 For a description of our derivative contracts and hedge accounting, see Note 9, Debt , to our audited consolidated financial statements included in Part II, Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 Tax-Exempt Financings 
 As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, we had 1,182.0 million and 1,181.5 million of certain variable rate tax-exempt financings outstanding, respectively, with maturities ranging from 2023 to 2051. There were no tax-exempt financings issued during 2022. During 2021, we issued 205.0 million of tax-exempt financings. 
 In the fourth quarter of 2021, the Pennsylvania Economic Development Financing Authority issued, for our benefit, 30.0 million of Solid Waste Disposal Revenue Bonds. The proceeds from the issuance, after deferred issuance costs, will be used to fund qualifying landfill-related expenditures in the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania, of which 30.0 million and 17.2 million was incurred and reimbursed to us as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively . 
 As of December 31, 2022 and 2021 , we had 127.6 million and 139.0 million , respectively, of restricted cash and marketable securities. As of December 31, 2021, 12.4 million of the restricted cash and marketable securities balance represented proceeds from the issuance of the tax-exempt bonds. 
 Finance Leases 
 We had finance lease liabilities of 247.5 million and 249.4 million as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, with maturities ranging from 2023 to 2063 and 2022 to 2063, respectively. 
 53 

Table of Contents 

Credit Ratings 
 Our continued access to the debt capital markets and to new financing facilities, as well as our borrowing costs, depend on multiple factors, including market conditions, our operating performance and maintaining strong credit ratings. As of December 31, 2022, our credit ratings were BBB+, Baa2 and BBB+ by Standard Poor s Ratings Services, Moody s Investors Service and Fitch Ratings, Inc., respectively. If our credit ratings were downgraded, especially any downgrade to below investment grade, our ability to access the debt markets with the same flexibility that we have experienced historically, our cost of funds and other terms for new debt issuances, could be adversely impacted. 
 Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements 
 We have no off-balance sheet debt or similar obligations, other than short-term operating leases and financial assurances, which are not classified as debt. We have no transactions or obligations with related parties that are not disclosed, consolidated into or reflected in our reported financial position or results of operations. We have not guaranteed any third-party debt. 
 Seasonality and Severe Weather 
 Our operations can be adversely affected by periods of inclement or severe weather, which could increase the volume of waste collected under our existing contracts (without corresponding compensation), delay the collection and disposal of waste, reduce the volume of waste delivered to our disposal sites, or delay the construction or expansion of our landfills and other facilities. Our operations also can be favorably affected by severe weather, which could increase the volume of waste in situations where we are able to charge for our additional services. 
 Contingencies 
 For a description of our commitments and contingencies, see Note 8, Landfill and Environmental Costs , Note 11, Income Taxes and Note 19, Commitments and Contingencies , to our audited consolidated financial statements included in Part II, Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 
 Financial Assurance 
 We must provide financial assurance to governmental agencies and a variety of other entities under applicable environmental regulations relating to our landfill operations for capping, closure and post-closure costs, and related to our performance under certain collection, landfill and transfer station contracts. We satisfy these financial assurance requirements by providing surety bonds, letters of credit, or insurance policies (Financial Assurance Instruments), or trust deposits, which are included in restricted cash and marketable securities and other assets in our consolidated balance sheets. The amount of the financial assurance requirements for capping, closure and post-closure costs is determined by applicable state environmental regulations. The financial assurance requirements for capping, closure and post-closure costs may be associated with a portion of the landfill or the entire landfill. Generally, states require a third-party engineering specialist to determine the estimated capping, closure and post-closure costs that are used to determine the required amount of financial assurance for a landfill. The amount of financial assurance required can, and generally will, differ from the obligation determined and recorded under U.S. GAAP. The amount of the financial assurance requirements related to contract performance varies by contract. Additionally, we must provide financial assurance for our insurance program and collateral for certain performance obligations. We do not expect a material increase in financial assurance requirements during 2023, although the mix of Financial Assurance Instruments may change. 
 These Financial Assurance Instruments are issued in the normal course of business and are not classified as indebtedness. Because we currently have no liability for the Financial Assurance Instruments, they are not reflected in our consolidated balance sheets; however, we record capping, closure and post-closure liabilities and insurance liabilities as they are incurred. 
 
 Critical Accounting Judgments and Estimates 
 Our consolidated financial statements have been prepared in accordance with U.S. GAAP and necessarily include certain estimates and judgments made by management. The following is a list of accounting policies that we believe are the most critical in understanding our consolidated financial position, results of operations and cash flows and that may require management to make subjective or complex judgments about matters that are inherently uncertain. Our critical accounting estimates are those estimates that involve a significant level of uncertainty at the time the estimate was made, and changes in them have had or are reasonably likely to have a material effect on our financial condition or results of operations. Accordingly, actual results could differ materially from our estimates. We base our estimates on past experience and other assumptions that we believe are reasonable under the circumstances, and we evaluate these estimates on an ongoing basis. Such critical accounting policies, estimates and judgments are applicable to all of our operating segments. 
 We have noted examples of the estimates that are subject to uncertainty in the accounting for these areas below. 
 54 

Table of Contents 

Landfill Accounting 
 Landfill operating costs are treated as period expenses and are not discussed further in this section. 
 Our landfill assets and liabilities fall into the following two categories, each of which requires accounting judgments and estimates: 
 Landfill development costs that are capitalized as an asset. 
 Landfill retirement obligations relating to our capping, closure and post-closure liabilities that result in a corresponding landfill retirement asset. 
 We use life-cycle accounting and the units-of-consumption method to recognize landfill development costs over the life of the site. In life-cycle accounting, all current and future capitalized costs to acquire and construct a site are calculated and charged to expense based on the consumption of cubic yards of available airspace. Obligations associated with final capping, closure and post-closure are also capitalized and amortized on a units-of-consumption basis as airspace is consumed. Cost and airspace estimates are developed at least annually by engineers. 
 Landfill Development Costs 
 As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, we had net landfill development costs of 4,515.3 million and 3,914.0 million, respectively. Changes in these estimates may be sensitive to changes in cost estimates, inflation and applicable regulations. 
 Site permits. To develop, construct and operate a landfill, we must obtain permits from various regulatory agencies at the local, state and federal levels. The permitting process requires an initial site study to determine whether the location is feasible for landfill operations. The initial studies are reviewed by our environmental management group and then submitted to the regulatory agencies for approval. During the development stage we capitalize certain costs that we incur after site selection but before the receipt of all required permits if we believe that it is probable that the site will be permitted. 
 These estimates are subject to uncertainty attributable to: 
 Changes in legislative or regulatory requirements may cause changes to the landfill site permitting process. These changes could make it more difficult and costly to obtain and maintain a landfill permit. 
 Studies performed could be inaccurate, which could result in the denial or revocation of a permit and changes to accounting assumptions. Conditions could exist that were not identified in the study, which may make the location not feasible for a landfill and could result in the denial of a permit. Denial or revocation of a permit could impair the recorded value of the landfill asset. 
 Actions by neighboring parties, private citizen groups or others to oppose our efforts to obtain, maintain or expand permits could result in denial, revocation or suspension of a permit, which could adversely impact the economic viability of the landfill and could impair the recorded value of the landfill. As a result of opposition to our obtaining a permit, improved technical information as a project progresses, or changes in the anticipated economics associated with a project, we may decide to reduce the scope of, or abandon, a project, which could result in an asset impairment. 
 Technical landfill design. Upon receipt of initial regulatory approval, technical landfill designs are prepared. The technical designs, which include the detailed specifications to develop and construct all components of the landfill including the types and quantities of materials that will be required, are reviewed by our environmental management group. The technical designs are submitted to the regulatory agencies for approval. Upon approval of the technical designs, the regulatory agencies issue permits to develop and operate the landfill. 
 These estimates are subject to uncertainty attributable to: 
 Changes in legislative or regulatory requirements may require changes in the landfill technical designs. These changes could make it more difficult and costly to meet new design standards. 
 Technical design requirements, as approved, may need modifications at some future point in time. 
 Technical designs could be inaccurate and could result in increased construction costs, difficulty in obtaining a permit or the use of rates to recognize the amortization of landfill development costs and asset retirement obligations that are not appropriate. 
 Permitted and probable landfill disposal capacity. Included in the technical designs are factors that determine the ultimate disposal capacity of the landfill. These factors include the area over which the landfill will be developed, such as the depth of excavation, the height of the landfill elevation and the angle of the side-slope construction. The disposal capacity of the landfill is calculated in cubic yards. This measurement of volume is then converted to a disposal capacity expressed in tons based on a site-specific expected density to be achieved over the remaining operating life of the landfill. 
 55 

Table of Contents 

These estimates are subject to uncertainty attributable to: 
 Estimates of future disposal capacity may change as a result of changes in legislative or regulatory design requirements. 
 The density of waste may vary due to variations in operating conditions, including waste compaction practices, site design, climate and the nature of the waste. 
 Capacity is defined in cubic yards but waste received is measured in tons. The number of tons per cubic yard varies by type of waste and our rate of compaction. 
 Development costs. The types of costs that are detailed in the technical design specifications generally include excavation, natural and synthetic liners, construction of leachate collection systems, installation of methane gas collection systems and monitoring probes, installation of groundwater monitoring wells, construction of leachate management facilities and other costs associated with the development of the site. We review the adequacy of our cost estimates on an annual basis by comparing estimated costs with third-party bids or contractual arrangements, reviewing the changes in year-over-year cost estimates for reasonableness, and comparing our resulting development cost per acre with prior period costs. These development costs, together with any costs incurred to acquire, design and permit the landfill, including capitalized interest, are recorded to the landfill asset on the balance sheet as incurred. 
 These estimates are subject to uncertainty attributable to: 
 Actual future costs of construction materials and third-party labor could differ from the costs we have estimated because of the level of demand and the availability of the required materials and labor. Technical designs could be altered due to unexpected operating conditions, regulatory changes or legislative changes. 
 Landfill development asset amortization. To match the expense related to the landfill asset with the revenue generated by the landfill operations, we amortize the landfill development asset over its operating life on a per-ton basis as waste is accepted at the landfill. The landfill asset is fully amortized at the end of a landfill s operating life. The per-ton rate is calculated by dividing the sum of the landfill development asset net book value plus estimated future development costs (as described above) for the landfill, by the landfill s estimated remaining disposal capacity. The expected future development costs are not inflated or discounted, but rather expressed in nominal dollars. This rate is applied to each ton accepted at the landfill to arrive at amortization expense for the period. 
 Amortization rates may be sensitive to the original cost basis of the landfill, including acquisition costs, which in turn is determined by geographic location and market values. We secure significant landfill assets through business acquisitions and value them at the time of acquisition based on fair value. Amortization rates are also influenced by site-specific engineering and cost factors. 
 These estimates are subject to uncertainty attributable to: 
 Changes in our future development cost estimates or our disposal capacity will normally result in a change in our amortization rates and will impact amortization expense prospectively. An unexpected significant increase in estimated costs or reduction in disposal capacity could affect the ongoing economic viability of the landfill and result in asset impairment. 
 On at least an annual basis, we update the estimates of future development costs and remaining disposal capacity for each landfill. These costs and disposal capacity estimates are reviewed and approved by senior operations management annually. Changes in cost estimates and disposal capacity are reflected prospectively in the landfill amortization rates that are updated annually. See our Results of Operations section in this Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations for discussion on changes to our landfill depletion and amortization. 
 Landfill Asset Retirement Obligations 
 We have two types of retirement obligations related to landfills: (1) capping and (2) closure and post-closure. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, our asset retirement obligations related to capping, closure and post-closure were 1,786.4 million and 1,507.3 million, respectively. Changes in these estimates may be sensitive to changes in available airspace, cost estimates, inflation, our credit-adjusted, risk-free interest rate and applicable regulations. 
 Obligations associated with final capping activities that occur during the operating life of the landfill are recognized on a units-of-consumption basis as airspace is consumed within each discrete capping event. Obligations related to closure and post-closure activities that occur after the landfill has ceased operations are recognized on a units-of-consumption basis as airspace is consumed throughout the entire life of the landfill. Landfill retirement obligations are capitalized as the related liabilities are recognized and amortized using the units-of-consumption method over the airspace consumed within the capping event or the airspace consumed within the entire landfill, depending on the nature of the obligation. All obligations are initially measured at 
 56 

Table of Contents 

estimated fair value. Fair value is calculated on a present value basis using an inflation rate and our credit-adjusted, risk-free rate in effect at the time the liabilities were incurred. Future costs for final capping, closure and post-closure are developed at least annually by engineers, and are inflated to future value using estimated future payment dates and inflation rate projections. 
 Landfill capping. As individual areas within each landfill reach capacity, we must cap and close the areas in accordance with the landfill site permit. These requirements are detailed in each landfill's technical design, which is reviewed and approved by the regulatory agency issuing the landfill site permit. 
 Closure and post-closure. Closure costs are costs incurred after a landfill stops receiving waste, but prior to being certified as closed. After the entire landfill has reached capacity and is certified closed, we must continue to maintain and monitor the site for a post-closure period, which generally extends for 30 years. Costs associated with closure and post-closure requirements generally include maintenance of the site, the monitoring of methane gas collection systems and groundwater systems and other activities that occur after the site has ceased accepting waste. Costs associated with post-closure monitoring generally include groundwater sampling, analysis and statistical reports, third-party labor associated with gas system operations and maintenance, transportation and disposal of leachate and erosion control costs related to the final cap. 
 Landfill retirement obligation liabilities and assets. Estimates of the total future costs required to cap, close and monitor each landfill as specified by the landfill permit are updated annually. The estimates include inflation, the specific timing of future cash outflows and the anticipated waste flow into the capping events. Our cost estimates are inflated to the period of performance using an estimate of inflation, which is updated annually and is based upon the ten year average consumer price index (1.9 in 2022 and 1.7 in 2021). 
 The present value of the remaining capping costs for specific capping events and the remaining closure and post-closure costs for each landfill are recorded as incurred on a per-ton basis. These liabilities are incurred as disposal capacity is consumed at the landfill. 
 Capping, closure and post-closure liabilities are recorded in layers and discounted using our credit-adjusted risk-free rate in effect at the time the obligation is incurred (4.2 in 2022 and 3.4 in 2021 ). 
 Retirement obligations are increased each year to reflect the passage of time by accreting the balance at the weighted average credit-adjusted risk-free rate that was used to calculate each layer of the recorded liabilities. This accretion is charged to operating expenses. Actual cash expenditures reduce the asset retirement obligation liabilities as they are made. 
 Corresponding retirement obligation assets are recorded for the same value as the additions to the capping, closure and post-closure liabilities. The retirement obligation assets are amortized to expense on a per-ton basis as disposal capacity is consumed. The per-ton rate is calculated by dividing the sum of each of the recorded retirement obligation asset s net book value and expected future additions to the retirement obligation asset by the remaining disposal capacity. A per-ton rate is determined for each separate capping event based on the disposal capacity relating to that event. Closure and post-closure per-ton rates are based on the total disposal capacity of the landfill. 
 These estimates are subject to uncertainty attributable to: 
 Changes in legislative or regulatory requirements, including changes in capping, closure activities or post-closure monitoring activities, types and quantities of materials used, or term of post-closure care, could cause changes in our cost estimates. 
 Changes in the landfill retirement obligation due to changes in the anticipated waste flow, changes in airspace compaction estimates or changes in the timing of expenditures for closed landfills and fully incurred but unpaid capping events are recorded in results of operations prospectively. This could result in unanticipated increases or decreases in expense. 
 Actual timing of disposal capacity utilization could differ from projected timing, causing differences in timing of when amortization and accretion expense is recognized for capping, closure and post-closure liabilities. 
 Changes in inflation rates could impact our actual future costs and our total liabilities. 
 Changes in our capital structure or market conditions could result in changes to the credit-adjusted risk-free rate used to discount the liabilities, which could cause changes in future recorded liabilities, assets and expense. 
 Amortization rates could change in the future based on the evaluation of new facts and circumstances relating to landfill capping design, post-closure monitoring requirements, or the inflation or discount rate. 
 On an annual basis, we update our estimates of future capping, closure and post-closure costs and of future disposal capacity for each landfill. Revisions in estimates of our costs or timing of expenditures are recognized immediately as increases or decreases to the capping, closure and post-closure liabilities and the corresponding retirement obligation assets. Changes in the assets result in changes to the amortization rates which are applied prospectively, except for fully incurred capping events and closed 
 57 

Table of Contents 

landfills, where the changes are recorded immediately in results of operations since the associated disposal capacity has already been consumed. See our Results of Operations section in this Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations for discussion on changes to our landfill depletion and amortization. 
 Permitted and probable disposal capacity. Disposal capacity is determined by the specifications detailed in the landfill permit. We classify this disposal capacity as permitted. We also include probable expansion disposal capacity in our remaining disposal capacity estimates, thus including additional disposal capacity being sought through means of a permit expansion. Probable expansion disposal capacity has not yet received final approval from the applicable regulatory agencies, but we have determined that certain critical criteria have been met and that the successful completion of the expansion is probable. We have developed six criteria that must be met before an expansion area is designated as probable expansion airspace. We believe that satisfying all of these criteria demonstrates a high likelihood that expansion airspace that is incorporated in our landfill costing will be permitted. However, because some of these criteria are judgmental, they may exclude expansion airspace that will eventually be permitted or include expansion airspace that will not be permitted. In either of these scenarios, our amortization, depletion and accretion expense could change significantly. Our internal criteria to classify disposal capacity as probable expansion airspace are as follows: 
 We own the land associated with the expansion airspace or control it pursuant to an option agreement; 
 We are committed to supporting the expansion project financially and with appropriate resources; 
 There are no identified fatal flaws or impediments associated with the project, including political impediments; 
 Progress is being made on the project; 
 The expansion is attainable within a reasonable time frame; and 
 We believe it is likely we will receive the expansion permit. 
 After successfully meeting these criteria, the disposal capacity that will result from the planned expansion is included in our remaining disposal capacity estimates. Additionally, for purposes of calculating landfill amortization and capping, closure and post-closure rates, we include the incremental costs to develop, construct, close and monitor the related probable expansion disposal capacity. 
 These estimates are subject to uncertainty attributable to: 
 We may be unsuccessful in obtaining permits for probable expansion disposal capacity because of the failure to obtain the final local, state, provincial, or federal permits or due to other unknown reasons. If we are unsuccessful in obtaining permits for probable expansion disposal capacity, or the disposal capacity for which we obtain approvals is less than what was estimated, both our estimated total costs and disposal capacity will be reduced, which generally increases the rates we charge for landfill amortization and capping, closure and post-closure accruals. An unexpected decrease in disposal capacity could also cause an asset impairment. 
 Environmental Liabilities 
 We are subject to an array of laws and regulations relating to the protection of the environment, and we remediate sites in the ordinary course of our business. Under current laws and regulations, we may be responsible for environmental remediation at sites that we either own or operate, including sites that we have acquired, or sites where we have (or a company that we have acquired has) delivered waste. Our environmental remediation liabilities primarily include costs associated with remediating groundwater, surface water and soil contamination, as well as controlling and containing methane gas migration and the related legal costs. To estimate our ultimate liability at these sites, we evaluate several factors, including the nature and extent of contamination at each identified site, the required remediation methods, timing of expenditures, the apportionment of responsibility among the potentially responsible parties and the financial viability of those parties. We accrue for costs associated with environmental remediation obligations when such costs are probable and reasonably estimable in accordance with accounting for loss contingencies. We periodically review the status of all environmental matters and update our estimates of the likelihood of and future expenditures for remediation as necessary. Changes in the liabilities resulting from these reviews are recognized currently in earnings in the period in which the adjustment is known. Adjustments to estimates are reasonably possible in the near term and may result in changes to recorded amounts. With the exception of those obligations assumed in certain business combinations, environmental obligations are recorded on an undiscounted basis. Environmental obligations assumed in certain business combinations are initially estimated on a discounted basis, and accreted to full value over time through charges to interest expense. Adjustments arising from changes in amounts and timing of estimated costs and settlements may result in increases or decreases in these obligations and are calculated on a discounted basis as they were initially estimated on a discounted basis. These adjustments are charged to operating income when they are known. We perform a comprehensive review of our environmental obligations annually and also review changes in facts and circumstances associated with these obligations at least quarterly. See our Results of Operations section in this Management's Discussion and 
 58 

Table of Contents 

Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations for discussion on our remediation adjustments. We have not reduced the liabilities we have recorded for recoveries from other potentially responsible parties or insurance companies. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, we had 487.5 million and 454.9 million of environmental liabilities, respectively. Changes in these estimates may be sensitive to changes in cost estimates, timing of estimated costs and settlements, inflation, our credit-adjusted, risk-free interest rate and applicable regulations. 
 These estimates are subject to uncertainty attributable to: 
 We cannot determine with precision the ultimate amounts of our environmental remediation liabilities. Our estimates of these liabilities require assumptions about uncertain future events. Thus, our estimates could change substantially as additional information becomes available regarding the nature or extent of contamination, the required remediation methods, timing of expenditures, the final apportionment of responsibility among the potentially responsible parties identified, the financial viability of those parties and the actions of governmental agencies or private parties with interests in the matter. The actual environmental costs may exceed our current and future accruals for these costs, and any adjustments could be material. 
 Actual amounts could differ from the estimated liabilities as a result of changes in estimated future litigation costs to pursue the matter to ultimate resolution. 
 An unanticipated environmental liability that arises could result in a material charge to our consolidated statements of income. 
 Insurance Reserves and Related Costs 
 Our insurance policies for workers' compensation, commercial general liability, commercial auto liability and environmental liability are high deductible, or retention programs. The deductibles, or retentions, range from 3 million to 10 million. The employee-related health benefits are also subject to a high-deductible insurance policy. Accruals for deductibles or retentions are based on claims filed and actuarial estimates of claims development and claims incurred but not reported. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, our insurance reserves were 502.6 million and 497.4 million, respectively. Changes in these estimates may be sensitive to changes in the frequency, severity and settlement amount of claims. 
 These estimates are subject to uncertainty attributable to: 
 Incident rates, including frequency and severity and other actuarial assumptions could change causing our current and future actuarially determined obligations to change, which would be reflected in our consolidated statements of income in the period in which such adjustment is known. 
 Recorded reserves may not be adequate to cover the future payment of claims. Adjustments, if any, to estimates recorded resulting from ultimate claim payments would be reflected in the consolidated statements of income in the periods in which such adjustments are known. 
 The settlement costs to discharge our obligations, including legal and health care costs, could increase or decrease causing current estimates of our insurance reserves to change. 
 
 New Accounting Standards 
 For a description of new accounting standards that may affect us, see Note 2, Summary of Significant Accounting Policies , of the notes to our audited consolidated financial statements in Part II, Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 
 ITEM 7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 
 Interest Rate Risk 
 Our major market risk exposure of our financial instruments is changing interest rates in the United States and fluctuations in LIBOR or, following the termination of LIBOR, SOFR. We intend to manage interest rate risk through the use of a combination of fixed and floating rate debt. The carrying value of our variable rate debt approximates fair value because interest rates are variable and, accordingly, approximates current market rates for instruments with similar risk and maturities. The fair value of our debt is determined as of the balance sheet date and is subject to change. We have historically entered into multiple swap agreements designated as cash flow hedges to manage exposure to fluctuations in interest rates on our variable rate debt. 
 59 

Table of Contents 

The table below provides information about certain of our market-sensitive financial instruments and constitutes a forward-looking statement. Expected Maturity Date 2023 2024 2025 2026 2027 Thereafter Total Fair Value 
 as of 
 December 31, 2022 
 Fixed rate debt: Amount outstanding (in millions) 311.8 910.4 860.6 508.9 658.5 5,212.8 8,463.0 7,638.5 Variable rate debt: Amount outstanding (in millions) 144.2 20.7 1,000.0 1,331.8 942.5 3,439.2 3,430.2 
 The fixed and variable rate debt amounts above exclude the remaining non-cash discounts, premiums and adjustments to fair value totaling 116.7 million. 
 As of December 31, 2022, we had 3,349.1 million of floating rate debt including floating interest rate swap contracts. If interest rates increased or decreased by 100 basis points on our variable rate debt, annualized interest expense and net cash payments for interest would increase or decrease by approximately 33 million. This analysis does not reflect the effect that interest rates would have on other items, such as new borrowings and the impact on the economy. See Note 9, Debt, of the notes to our audited consolidated financial statements in Part II, Item 8 of this Form 10-K for further information regarding how we manage interest rate risk. 
 Fuel Price Risk 
 Fuel costs represent a significant operating expense. When economically practical, we may enter into new fuel hedges, renew contracts, or engage in other strategies to mitigate market risk. As of December 31, 2022, we had no fuel hedges in place. While we charge fuel recovery fees to a majority of our customers, we are unable to charge such fees to all customers. 
 At current consumption levels, we believe a twenty-cent per gallon change in the price of diesel fuel would change our fuel costs by approximately 27 million per year. Offsetting these changes in fuel expense would result in changes in our fuel recovery fee charged to our customers. At current participation rates, we believe a twenty-cent per gallon change in the price of diesel fuel would change our fuel recovery fee by approximately 31 million per year. 
 Our operations also require the use of certain petrochemical-based products (such as liners at our landfills) the cost of which may vary with the price of petrochemicals. An increase in the price of petrochemicals could increase the cost of those products, which would increase our operating and capital costs. We also are susceptible to increases in fuel recovery fees from our vendors. 
 Our fuel costs were 631.1 million during 2022, or 4.7 of revenue, compared to 383.0 million, or 3.4 of revenue, during 2021. 
 Commodities Price Risk 
 We market recovered materials such as old corrugated containers and old newsprint from our recycling centers. Changes in market supply and demand for recycled commodities causes volatility in commodity prices. In prior periods, we have entered into derivative instruments such as swaps and costless collars designated as cash flow hedges to manage our exposure to changes in prices of these commodities. As of December 31, 2022, we had no recycling commodity hedges in place. 
 At current volumes and mix of materials, we believe a 10 change in the price of recycled commodities would change both annual revenue and operating income by approximately 10 million. 
 Revenue from recycling processing and commodity sales during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 was 359.3 million and 420.5 million, respectively. 
 60 

Table of Contents 

ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID: 42) 
 62 
 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting (PCAOB ID: 
 64 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 65 
 Consolidated Statement s of Income for Each of the Three Years in the Period Ended December 31, 2022 
 66 
 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income for Each of the Three Years in the Period Ended December 31, 2022 
 67 
 Consolidated Statements of Stockholders' Equity for Each of the Three Years in the Period Ended December 31, 2022 
 68 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for Each of the Three Years in the Period Ended December 31, 2022 
 69 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 70 

61 

Table of Contents 

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 
 
 To the Stockholders and the Board of Directors of Republic Services, Inc. 
 Opinion on the Financial Statements 
 We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Republic Services, Inc. (the Company) as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the related consolidated statements of income, comprehensive income, stockholders equity and cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the consolidated financial statements ). In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company at December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022, in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles. 
 We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the Company s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control-Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (2013 framework) and our report dated February 22, 2023, expressed an unqualified opinion thereon. 
 Basis for Opinion 
 These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 Critical Audit Matters 
 The critical audit matters communicated below are matters arising from the current period audit of the financial statements that were communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that: (1) relate to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of critical audit matters does not alter in any way our opinion on the consolidated financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matters below, providing separate opinions on the critical audit matters or on the accounts or disclosures to which they relate. Landfill Development Asset Amortization Description of the Matter At December 31, 2022, the net book value of the Company s landfill development assets totaled 4,515.3 million, and the associated landfill development asset amortization expense for 2022 was 433.7 million. Significant assumptions used in calculating the amortization expense include estimated future development costs associated with the land, permitting, cell construction and environmental structures of the landfill in relation to airspace consumed to date and total estimated available airspace. These assumptions have a significant effect on the total landfill amortization expense. As discussed in Note 2 to the consolidated financial statements, costs and airspace estimates are developed at least annually, or more often if significant facts change. 
 
 62 

Table of Contents 

How We Addressed the Matter in Our Audit Auditing landfill development asset amortization expense is complex due to the highly judgmental nature of the assumptions used in the calculation of the expense and required the involvement of specialists to assist us with evaluating estimated future development costs and certain assumptions to project total estimated available airspace. 
 We tested controls that address the risks of material misstatement relating to the measurement and valuation of landfill development asset amortization expense. For example, we tested controls over the estimation of future landfill development costs and management s review of the assumptions to project total estimated available airspace. 
 To test the landfill development asset amortization expense, our audit procedures included, among others, assessing methodologies and testing the significant assumptions discussed above related to the underlying cost and airspace data used by the Company. We compared the significant assumptions used by management to historical trends and, when available, to comparable size landfills accepting the same type of waste. We also tested the completeness and accuracy of the historical data utilized in the development of the amortization expense. Regarding available airspace, we evaluated the Company s estimation of the landfill disposal capacity through a comparison of airspace to historical estimates and annual aerial surveys. We involved EY engineering specialists to assist us with evaluating estimated future development costs and certain assumptions to project total estimated available airspace. 
 Landfill Final Capping, Closure and Post-Closure Costs Description of the Matter At December 31, 2022, the carrying value of the Company s landfill final capping, closure and post-closure costs totaled 1,786.4 million. As discussed in Notes 2 and 8 to the consolidated financial statements, asset retirement obligations for final capping, closure and post-closure are measured at their estimated fair value. Management updates the assumptions used to estimate asset retirement obligations at least annually, or more often if significant facts change. These assumptions include estimated future costs associated with the final capping, closure and post-closure activities at each landfill, airspace consumed to date, estimated available airspace, projected annual tonnage volume, projected timing of capping, closure and post-closure activities and estimated inflation and discount rates. These assumptions have a significant effect on the estimated asset retirement obligation. 
 How We Addressed the Matter in Our Audit Auditing the landfill asset retirement obligation is complex due to the highly judgmental nature of the assumptions used in the measurement process and required the involvement of specialists to assist us with evaluating the costs estimated for the capping, closure and post-closure activities and certain assumptions to project total estimated available airspace. 
 We tested controls that address the risks of material misstatement relating to the completeness, measurement and valuation of the asset retirement obligation. For example, we tested controls over management s development of the landfill asset retirement obligation models to estimate the future liability and management s review of data inputs and projections. 
 To test the landfill asset retirement obligation, our audit procedures included, among others, assessing methodologies used by the Company, testing the completeness of activities included in the estimate (e.g., gas monitoring and leachate management) and testing the significant assumptions discussed above, as well as the underlying costs and other estimates used by the Company in its development of these assumptions. We compared the significant assumptions used by management to historical trends and, when available, to comparable size landfills accepting the same type of waste. We also tested the completeness and accuracy of the historical data utilized in preparing the estimate. We involved EY engineering specialists to assist us with evaluating the costs estimated for the capping, closure and post-closure activities and the reasons for significant changes in assumptions from historical trends and determined whether the change from the historical trend was appropriate and identified timely. EY engineering specialists were also involved in evaluating certain assumptions to project total estimated available airspace. 

/s/ 
 We have served as the Company s auditor since 2002. 
 
 February 22, 2023 
 63 

Table of Contents 

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 
 
 To the Stockholders and the Board of Directors of Republic Services, Inc. 
 Opinion on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 We have audited Republic Services, Inc. s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (2013 framework) (the COSO criteria). In our opinion, Republic Services, Inc. (the Company) maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on the COSO criteria. 
 We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the consolidated balance sheets of Republic Services, Inc. as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the related consolidated statements of income, comprehensive income, stockholders equity and cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022, and the related notes and our report dated February 22, 2023, expressed an unqualified opinion thereon. 
 As indicated in the accompanying Report of Management on Republic Services, Inc. s Internal Control over Financial Reporting, management s assessment of and conclusion on the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting did not include the internal controls of US Ecology, which are included in the 2022 consolidated financial statements of the Company and constituted approximately 6 of revenues for the year ended December 31, 2022. Our audit of internal control over financial reporting of the Company also did not include an evaluation of the internal control over financial reporting of US Ecology. 
 Basis for Opinion 
 The Company s management is responsible for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting included in the accompanying Report of Management on Republic Services, Inc. s Internal Control over Financial Reporting. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s internal control over financial reporting based on our audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. 
 Our audit included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk and performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 Definition and Limitations of Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 A company s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 
 Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 
 /s/ 
 Phoenix, Arizona 
 February 22, 2023 
 64 

Table of Contents 

REPUBLIC SERVICES, INC. 
 CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 
 (in millions, except per share data) December 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 ASSETS Current assets: Cash and cash equivalents Accounts receivable, less allowance for doubtful accounts and other of and , respectively 
 Prepaid expenses and other current assets Total current assets Restricted cash and marketable securities Property and equipment, net Goodwill Other intangible assets, net Other assets Total assets LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY Current liabilities: Accounts payable Notes payable and current maturities of long-term debt Deferred revenue Accrued landfill and environmental costs, current portion Accrued interest Other accrued liabilities Total current liabilities Long-term debt, net of current maturities Accrued landfill and environmental costs, net of current portion Deferred income taxes and other long-term tax liabilities, net Insurance reserves, net of current portion Other long-term liabilities Commitments and contingencies Stockholders equity: Preferred stock, par value per share; shares authorized; issued 
 Common stock, par value per share; shares authorized; and issued including shares held in treasury, respectively 
 Additional paid-in capital Retained earnings Treasury stock, at cost; and shares, respectively 
 ) ) Accumulated other comprehensive income, net of tax ) ) Total Republic Services, Inc. stockholders equity Non-controlling interests in consolidated subsidiary Total stockholders equity Total liabilities and stockholders equity 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements. 
 65 

Table of Contents 

REPUBLIC SERVICES, INC. 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF INCOME 
 (in millions, except per share data) Years Ended December 31, 
 2022 2021 2020 Revenue Expenses: Cost of operations Depreciation, amortization and depletion Accretion Selling, general and administrative Adjustment to withdrawal liability for multiemployer pension funds 
 ) (Gain) loss on business divestitures and impairments, net ) Restructuring charges Operating income Interest expense ) ) ) Loss from unconsolidated equity method investments ) ) ) Loss on extinguishment of debt ) Interest income Other (expense) income, net ) ) Income before income taxes Provision for income taxes Net income Net income attributable to non-controlling interests in consolidated subsidiary 
 ) ) Net income attributable to Republic Services, Inc. Basic earnings per share attributable to Republic Services, Inc. stockholders: Basic earnings per share Weighted average common shares outstanding Diluted earnings per share attributable to Republic Services, Inc. stockholders: Diluted earnings per share Weighted average common and common equivalent shares outstanding Cash dividends per common share 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements. 
 
 66 

Table of Contents 

REPUBLIC SERVICES, INC. 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME 
 (in millions) 
 Years Ended December 31, 
 2022 2021 2020 Net income Other comprehensive income (loss), net of tax Hedging activity: Realized loss reclassified into earnings Unrealized gain (loss) ) Pension activity: Change in funded status of pension plan obligations ) ) Foreign currency activity: Loss on foreign currency translation ) Other comprehensive income (loss), net of tax ) ) Comprehensive income Comprehensive income attributable to non-controlling interests ) ) Comprehensive income attributable to Republic Services, Inc. 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements. 
 
 67 

Table of Contents 

REPUBLIC SERVICES, INC. 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY 
 (in millions) Republic Services, Inc. Stockholders Equity Common Stock Additional Paid-In Capital Retained Earnings Treasury Stock Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss), Net of Tax Non-controlling Interests In Consolidated Subsidiary Total Shares Amount Shares Amount Balance as of December 31, 2019 
 ) ) Net income Change in the value of derivative instruments, net of tax of ) 
 ) ) Employee benefit plan liability adjustments, net of tax of 
 Cash dividends declared ) ) Issuances of common stock ) ) Stock-based compensation ) Purchase of common stock for treasury 
 ) ) ) Shares returned to unissued status 
 ) ) ) Distributions paid 
 ) ) Balance as of December 31, 2020 
 ) ) Net income Change in the value of derivative instruments, net of tax of 
 Employee benefit plan liability adjustments, net of tax of ) 
 ) ) Cash dividends declared ) ) Issuances of common stock ) ) ) Stock-based compensation ) Purchase of common stock for treasury 
 ) ) ) Purchase of minority interest ) ) ) Distributions paid 
 ) ) Balance as of December 31, 2021 
 ) ) ) Net income Change in the value of derivative instruments, net of tax of 
 Employee benefit plan liability adjustments, net of tax of ) 
 ) ) Gain (loss) on foreign currency translation ) ) Cash dividends declared ) ) Issuances of common stock ) ) ) Stock-based compensation ) Purchase of common stock for treasury 
 ) ) ) Distributions paid 
 ) ) Balance as of December 31, 2022 
 ) ) ) 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements. 
 68 

Table of Contents 

REPUBLIC SERVICES, INC. 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 
 (in millions) Years Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 Cash provided by operating activities: Net income Adjustments to reconcile net income to cash provided by operating activities: Depreciation, amortization, depletion and accretion Non-cash interest expense Stock-based compensation Deferred tax provision (benefit) ) Provision for doubtful accounts, net of adjustments Loss on extinguishment of debt (Gain) loss on disposition of assets and asset impairments, net ) Environmental adjustments Loss from unconsolidated equity method investments Other non-cash items ) ) ) Change in assets and liabilities, net of effects from business acquisitions and divestitures: 
 Accounts receivable ) ) Prepaid expenses and other assets ) ) Accounts payable ) Capping, closure and post-closure expenditures ) ) ) Remediation expenditures ) ) ) Other liabilities Payments from retirement of certain hedging relationships ) Cash provided by operating activities Cash used in investing activities: Purchases of property and equipment ) ) ) Proceeds from sales of property and equipment Cash used in acquisitions and investments, net of cash and restricted cash acquired ) ) ) Cash received from business divestitures Purchases of restricted marketable securities ) ) ) Sales of restricted marketable securities Other ) ) Cash used in investing activities ) ) ) Cash provided by (used in) financing activities: Proceeds from credit facilities and notes payable, net of fees Proceeds from issuance of senior notes, net of discount and fees Payments of credit facilities and notes payable ) ) ) Premiums paid on extinguishment of debt ) Issuances of common stock, net ) ) Purchases of common stock for treasury ) ) ) Cash dividends paid ) ) ) Distributions paid to non-controlling interests in consolidated subsidiary ) ) ) Contingent consideration payments ) ) ) Cash provided by (used in) financing activities ) ) Effect of foreign exchange rate changes on cash ) Increase (decrease) in cash, cash equivalents, restricted cash and restricted cash equivalents ) ) Cash, cash equivalents, restricted cash and restricted cash equivalents at beginning of year Cash, cash equivalents, restricted cash and restricted cash equivalents at end of year 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements. 
 69 

Table of Contents 

REPUBLIC SERVICES, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 
 1. 
 field groups, referred to as Group 1, Group 2 and Group 3. Group 1 is our recycling and solid waste business operating primarily in geographic areas located in the western United States. Group 2 is our recycling and solid waste business operating primarily in geographic areas located in the southeastern and mid-western United States and the eastern seaboard of the United States. Group 3 is our environmental solutions business operating in geographic areas located primarily across the United States and Canada. These groups represent our reportable segments, which each provide integrated environmental services, including but not limited to collection, transfer, recycling and disposal. Prior to the third quarter of 2022, our environmental solutions operating segment, now referred to as our Group 3 reportable segment, was aggregated with Corporate entities and other. 
 The consolidated financial statements include the accounts of Republic Services, Inc. and its wholly owned and majority owned subsidiaries in accordance with U.S. GAAP. We account for investments in entities in which we do not have a controlling financial interest under the equity method of accounting or, for investments that do not meet the criteria to be accounted for under the equity method, we reflect these investments at their fair value when it is readily determinable. If fair value is not readily determinable, we use an alternative measurement approach. All material intercompany accounts and transactions have been eliminated in consolidation. 
 For comparative purposes, certain prior year amounts have been reclassified to conform to the current year presentation. All dollar amounts in tabular presentations are in millions, except per share amounts and unless otherwise noted. 
 
 2. 
 As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, there were net book credit balances of million and million, respectively, in our primary disbursement accounts that were classified as accounts payable on our consolidated balance sheets. 
 70 

Table of Contents 
 REPUBLIC SERVICES, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

Additions charged to expense Accounts written-off ) ) ) Balance at end of year 
 million of restricted cash and marketable securities of which million supports our insurance programs for workers' compensation, commercial general liability and commercial auto liability. Additionally, we obtain funds through the issuance of tax-exempt bonds for the purpose of financing qualifying expenditures at our landfills, transfer stations, collection and recycling centers. The funds are deposited directly into trust accounts by the bonding authorities at the time of issuance. As the use of these funds is contractually restricted, and we do not have the ability to use these funds for general operating purposes, they are classified as restricted cash and marketable securities in our consolidated balance sheets. 
 In the normal course of business, we may be required to provide financial assurance to governmental agencies and a variety of other entities in connection with, among other things, municipal residential collection contracts, closure or post-closure of landfills, environmental remediation, environmental permits and business licenses and permits as a financial guarantee of our performance. At several of our landfills, we satisfy financial assurance requirements by depositing cash into restricted trust funds or escrow accounts. 
 - years 
 Vehicles - years 
 Landfill equipment - years 
 Other equipment - years 
 Furniture and fixtures - years 
 
 Landfill development costs also are included in property and equipment. Landfill development costs include direct costs incurred to obtain landfill permits and direct costs incurred to acquire, construct and develop sites, as well as final capping, 
 71 

Table of Contents 
 REPUBLIC SERVICES, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

 For additional information, see Note 8, Landfill and Environmental Costs . 
 
 Interest capitalized was million for each of the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, and million for the year ended December 31, 2020. 
 See Note 12, Employee Benefit Plans, and Note 18, Financial Instruments, for fair value disclosures related to our defined benefit pension plan investments and financial instruments, respectively. 
 72 

Table of Contents 
 REPUBLIC SERVICES, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

73 

Table of Contents 
 REPUBLIC SERVICES, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

years after final site closure for municipal solid waste landfills and a shorter period for construction and demolition landfills and inert landfills. We recognize asset retirement obligations and the related amortization expense for closure and post-closure (excluding obligations for final capping) using the units-of-consumption method over the total remaining capacity of the landfill, including probable expansion airspace, where appropriate. 
 Estimated future expenditures 
 Estimates of future expenditures for final capping, closure and post-closure are developed at least annually by engineers. Management reviews these estimates and our operating and accounting personnel use them to adjust the rates used to capitalize and amortize these costs. These estimates involve projections of costs that will be incurred during the remaining life of the landfill for final capping activities, after the landfill ceases operations and during the legally required post-closure monitoring period. As of December 31, 2022, we had closed landfills. 
 Fair value measurements 
 In general, we engage third parties to perform most of our final capping, closure and post-closure activities. Accordingly, the fair value of these activities is based on quoted and actual prices paid for similar work. We also perform some of our final capping, closure and post-closure activities using internal resources. Where we expect internal resources to be used to fulfill an asset retirement obligation, we add a profit margin to the estimated cost of such services to better reflect their fair value. If we perform these services internally, the added profit margin is recognized as a component of operating income in the period the obligation is settled. 
 Our estimates of costs to discharge asset retirement obligations for landfills are developed in today s dollars. These costs are inflated each year to reflect a normal escalation of prices up to the year they are expected to be paid. We used a inflation rate for the year ended December 31, 2022 and a inflation rate for both the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020, which is based on the historical moving average increase of the United States Consumer Price Index. These estimated costs are then discounted to their present values using a credit-adjusted, risk-free interest rate. 
 74 

Table of Contents 
 REPUBLIC SERVICES, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

 75 

Table of Contents 
 REPUBLIC SERVICES, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

field groups: Group 1, Group 2 and Group 3 (formerly Environmental Solutions). 
 We may use both qualitative and quantitative approaches when testing goodwill for impairment. If, after assessing qualitative factors, we determine it is more likely than not that a reporting unit's goodwill is impaired, then we perform a quantitative test for that reporting unit. The quantitative impairment test for goodwill encompasses calculating a fair value of goodwill and comparing the fair value to its carrying value. If the carrying value exceeds the fair value, impairment is recognized for the difference. 
 As of October 1, 2022, we utilized a qualitative approach and performed an evaluation of circumstances and events impacting our reporting units to determine the likelihood of goodwill impairment. Examples of such events or circumstances include: (1) a significant adverse change in legal factors or in the business climate; (2) an adverse action or assessment by a regulator; (3) a more likely than not expectation that a reporting unit or a significant portion thereof will be sold; (4) continued or sustained losses at a reporting unit; (5) a significant decline in our market capitalization as compared to our book value; or (6) we conclude that we may not recover a significant asset group within the reporting unit. We determined it was more likely than not that the fair values of our reporting units exceeded their carrying amounts. No impairment losses were recorded for goodwill during the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 Other intangible assets include values assigned to customer relationships, non-compete agreements and trade names and are amortized generally on a straight-line basis over periods ranging from to years. 
 76 

Table of Contents 
 REPUBLIC SERVICES, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

77 

Table of Contents 
 REPUBLIC SERVICES, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

 qualified defined benefit pension plan, the BFI Retirement Plan (the Plan). The Plan covers certain current and former employees of Allied in the United States, including some employees subject to collective bargaining agreements. The Plan s benefit formula is based on a percentage of compensation as defined in the Plan document. However, the benefits of all current Plan participants are frozen. 
 Our pension contributions are made in accordance with funding standards established by the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974 and the Internal Revenue Code, as amended by the Pension Protection Act of 2006. The Plan s assets have been invested as determined by our Employee Benefits Committee. The Employee Benefits Committee reviews and adjusts the Plan s asset allocation as deemed necessary. 
 The benefit obligation and associated income or expense related to the Plan are determined using annually established assumptions for discount rates, expected rates of return and mortality rates. We determine the discount rate based on a model that matches the timing and amount of expected benefit payments to maturities of high quality bonds priced as of the pension plan measurement date. When that timing does not correspond to a published high-quality bond rate, our model uses an expected yield curve to determine an appropriate current discount rate. The yields on the bonds are used to derive a discount rate for the liability. In developing our expected rate of return assumption, we evaluate long-term expected and historical actual returns on the Plan assets, giving consideration to the asset mix and the anticipated duration of our Plan obligations. The average rate of compensation increase reflects our expectations of average pay increases over the period benefits are earned. Our assumptions are reviewed annually and adjusted as deemed necessary. 

78 

Table of Contents 
 REPUBLIC SERVICES, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

 79 

Table of Contents 
 REPUBLIC SERVICES, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

3. 
 and , respectively 
 Holdbacks Fair value, future minimum lease payments Total Allocated as follows: Restricted cash 
 Accounts receivable 
 Prepaid expenses Landfill development costs 
 Property and equipment 
 Operating right-of-use lease assets 
 Interest rate swap Assets held for sale 
 Other assets 
 Inventory 
 Accounts payable 
 ) ) Deferred revenue 
 ) ) Environmental remediation liabilities 
 ) ) Closure and post-closure liabilities 
 ) ) Operating right-of-use lease liabilities 
 ) ) Deferred income tax liabilities ) ) Other liabilities 
 ) ) Fair value of tangible assets acquired and liabilities assumed Excess purchase price to be allocated Excess purchase price allocated as follows: Other intangible assets 
 Goodwill 
 Gain on bargain purchase ) Total allocated 
 The purchase price allocations are preliminary and based on information existing at the acquisition dates. Accordingly, the purchase price allocations are subject to change. Excluding the US Ecology acquisition discussed below, substantially all of the goodwill and intangible assets recorded for these acquisitions are deductible for tax purposes. 
 80 

Table of Contents 
 REPUBLIC SERVICES, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

 billion. US Ecology is a leading provider of environmental solutions offering treatment, recycling and disposal of hazardous, non-hazardous and specialty waste. We financed the transaction using the proceeds of a new billion unsecured Term Loan Credit Agreement (Term Loan Facility) and borrowings under our existing billion unsecured revolving credit facility. For further discussion of the borrowings used to fund the US Ecology acquisition, refer to Note 9, Debt, in Part II, Item 8 of our Annual Report on Form 10-K. The preliminary purchase price allocation for the US Ecology acquisition is reflected in the table above and remains subject to revisions as additional information is obtained about the facts and circumstances that existed at the valuation date. The preliminary allocation of purchase price, including the value of certain tangible and intangible assets acquired, such as property, plant and equipment, landfill development costs and customer relationship intangible assets, as well as certain leases and environmental liabilities assumed, is based on the best estimates of management and is subject to revision based on the final valuations. We do not expect a step-up in the tax basis of the assets recognized in connection with the US Ecology acquisition, and do not expect the goodwill and intangible assets will be deductible for tax purposes. 
 In 2022 , we incurred million of acquisition integration and deal costs in connection with the acquisition of US Ecology, which included certain costs to close the acquisition and integrate the business, including stock compensation expense for unvested equity awards at closing as well as severance and change-in-control payments. 
 Investments 
 In July 2022, we acquired a non-controlling equity interest in a joint venture with a landfill gas-to-energy developer to construct renewable natural gas projects across the United States for approximately million. We also purchased an approximately million interest in a landfill gas-to-energy project and subsequently divested of our interest to the joint venture. The joint venture agreement provides for additional contributions as certain project milestones are achieved over the next four to five years. The investment is accounted for under the equity method of accounting. 
 In 2022 and 2021, we acquired non-controlling equity interests in certain limited liability companies that qualified for investment tax credits under Section 48 of the Internal Revenue Code. In exchange for our non-controlling interests, we made capital contributions of approximately million and million, which were recorded to other assets in our December 31, 2022 and 2021 consolidated balance sheets, respectively. During 2022 and 2021, we reduced the carrying value of these investments by approximately million and million, respectively, as a result of cash distributions and our share of income and loss pursuant to the terms of the limited liability company agreements. Additionally, our tax provisions reflect benefits of approximately million and million for the years end December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, due to the tax credits related to these investments. For further discussion of the income tax benefits, refer to Note 11, Income Taxes, in Part II, Item 8 of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 Restructuring Charges 
 In 2022 and 2021, we incurred restructuring charges of million and million , respectively, primarily related to the redesign of our general ledger, budgeting and procurement enterprise resource planning systems. These systems were placed into production in 2022, and we do not expect to incur future costs related to the implementation of these systems. We paid million and million during 2022 and 2021, respectively, related to these restructuring efforts. 
 81 

Table of Contents 
 REPUBLIC SERVICES, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

 4. 
 Landfill development costs Vehicles and equipment Buildings and improvements Construction-in-progress landfill 
 Construction-in-progress other 
 Less: accumulated depreciation, depletion and amortization Landfill development costs ) ) Vehicles and equipment ) ) Buildings and improvements ) ) ) ) Property and equipment, net 
 Depreciation, amortization and depletion of property and equipment was million, million and million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 
 5. 
 ) Group 2 ) Group 3 ) ) Total ) ) 
 Balance as of December 31, 2020 
 Acquisitions Divestitures Adjustments to Acquisitions Balance as of December 31, 2021 
 Group 1 ) Group 2 ) Group 3 Total ) 
 Goodwill by reportable segment as of December 31, 2021 and December 31, 2022 reflects the presentation of Group 3 as a reportable segment for all periods presented. Prior to the third quarter of 2022, Group 3 was aggregated with Corporate entities and other. 
 Adjustments to acquisitions during the year ended December 31, 2022 primarily related to changes in our valuation of tangible and intangible assets as well as certain landfill leases and environmental liabilities assumed as a result of obtaining new information regarding the acquisitions that closed in 2021. Adjustments to acquisitions during the year ended December 31, 2021 primarily related to changes in our valuation of customer relationship intangible assets and fixed assets as a result of obtaining new information regarding certain acquisitions that closed in December 2020. 
 82 

Table of Contents 
 REPUBLIC SERVICES, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

 to years. ) ) ) Non-compete agreements 
 ) ) ) ) Other intangible assets 
 ) ) ) Total ) ) ) 
 ) ) ) Non-compete agreements 
 ) ) ) ) Other intangible assets 
 ) ) ) Total ) ) ) 
 
 2024 2025 2026 2027 
 83 

Table of Contents 
 REPUBLIC SERVICES, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

 6. 
 Prepaid expenses Inventories Other non-trade receivables Reinsurance receivable Prepaid fees for cloud-based hosting arrangements, current Other current assets Total 
 Other Assets 
 Operating right-of-use lease assets Derivative and hedging assets Deferred compensation plan Reinsurance receivable Deferred contract costs and sales commissions Prepaid fees and capitalized implementation costs for cloud-based hosting arrangements Amounts recoverable for capping, closure and post-closure obligations Deferred financing costs Other Total 
 84 

Table of Contents 
 REPUBLIC SERVICES, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

 7. 
 Insurance reserves, current portion Accrued fees and taxes Accrued dividends Operating right-of-use lease liabilities, current portion Ceded insurance reserves, current portion Accrued professional fees and legal settlement reserves Other Total 
 Other Long-Term Liabilities 
 Derivative and hedging liabilities Deferred compensation plan liability Ceded insurance reserves Contingent purchase price and acquisition holdbacks Withdrawal liability - multiemployer pension funds Legal settlement reserves Other Total 
 Insurance Reserves 
 Our liabilities for unpaid and incurred but not reported claims as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 (which include claims for workers compensation, commercial general and auto liability and employee-related health care benefits) were million and million, respectively, under our risk management program and are included in other accrued liabilities and insurance reserves, net of current portion, in our consolidated balance sheets. While the ultimate amount of claims incurred depends on future developments, we believe the recorded reserves are adequate to cover the future payment of claims; however, it is possible that these recorded reserves may not be adequate to cover the future payment of claims. Adjustments, if any, to estimates recorded resulting from ultimate claim payments will be reflected in our consolidated statements of income in the periods in which such adjustments are known. 
 Additions charged to expense Payments ) ) ) Accretion expense Premium written for third party risk assumed Reclassified to ceded insurance reserves ) ) ) Balance at end of year Less: current portion ) ) ) Long-term portion 
 85 

Table of Contents 
 REPUBLIC SERVICES, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

 8. 
 active landfills with total available disposal capacity estimated to be billion in-place cubic yards. Additionally, we have post-closure responsibility for closed landfills. 
 Accrued Landfill and Environmental Costs 
 Environmental remediation Total accrued landfill and environmental costs Less: current portion ) ) Long-term portion 
 Final Capping, Closure and Post-Closure Costs 
 Non-cash additions Acquisitions, net of divestitures and other adjustments ) Asset retirement obligation adjustments ) Payments ) ) ) Accretion expense Foreign currency translation Asset retirement obligation liabilities, end of year Less: Current portion ) ) ) Long-term portion 
 We review annually, in the fourth quarter, and update as necessary, our estimates of asset retirement obligation liabilities. As a result, we reduced amortization expense by million, increased amortization expense by million, and reduced amortization expense by million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively, primarily related to changes in estimates and assumptions concerning the anticipated waste flow, cost and timing of future final capping, closure and post-closure activities. 
 2024 2025 2026 2027 Thereafter 
 The estimated remaining final capping, closure and post-closure expenditures presented above are not inflated and not discounted and reflect the total estimated future payments for liabilities which include those incurred and recorded as of December 31, 2022 as well as liabilities yet to be incurred over the remaining life of our landfills. 
 Environmental Remediation Liabilities 
 We accrue for remediation costs when they become probable and can be reasonably estimated. There can sometimes be a range of reasonable estimates of the costs associated with remediation of a site. In these cases, we use the amount within the range that constitutes our best estimate. If no amount within the range appears to be a better estimate than any other, we use the 
 86 

Table of Contents 
 REPUBLIC SERVICES, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

 million higher than the amounts recorded. Future changes in our estimates of the cost, timing or duration of the required actions could have a material adverse effect on our consolidated financial position, results of operations and cash flows. 
 Net additions charged to expense Payments ) ) ) Accretion expense (non-cash interest expense) Acquisitions, net of divestitures and other adjustments Environmental remediation liabilities, end of year Less: current portion ) ) ) Long-term portion 
 2024 2025 2026 2027 Thereafter 
 The following is a discussion of certain of our significant remediation matters: 
 Bridgeton Landfill. During the year ended December 31, 2022,we paid million related to management and monitoring of the remediation area for our closed Bridgeton Landfill in Missouri. We continue to work with state and federal regulatory agencies on our remediation efforts. From time to time, this may require us to modify our future operating timeline and procedures, which could result in changes to our expected liability. As of December 31, 2022, the remediation liability recorded for this site was million, of which approximately million is e xpected to be paid during 2023. We believe the remaining reasonably possible high end of our range would be approximately million higher than the amount recorded as of December 31, 2022. 
 West Lake Landfill Superfund Site . Our subsidiary Bridgeton Landfill, LLC is one of several currently designated Potentially Responsible Parties for the West Lake Landfill Superfund site (West Lake) in Missouri. On September 27, 2018, the United States Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) issued a Record of Decision Amendment for West Lake that includes a total undiscounted cost estimate of million over a four to design and construction timeline. On March 11, 2019, the EPA issued special notice letters under the Comprehensive Environmental Response, Compensation and Liability Act of 1980 (CERCLA) to Bridgeton Landfill, LLC and the other currently designated Potentially Responsible Parties to initiate negotiations to implement the remedy. At this time we are neither able to predict the final design of that remedy, nor estimate how much of the future response costs of the site our subsidiary may agree or be required to pay. During any subsequent administrative proceedings or litigation, our subsidiary will vigorously contest liability for the costs of remediating radiologically-impacted materials generated on behalf of the federal government during the Manhattan Project and delivered to the site by an Atomic Energy Commission licensee and its subcontractor. Currently, we believe we are adequately reserved for our expected remediation liability. However, subsequent events related to remedy design, divisibility, or allocation may require us to modify our expected remediation liability. 

87 

Table of Contents 
 REPUBLIC SERVICES, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

 9. 
 billion - August 2026 
 Variable Term Loan Variable Commercial Paper Variable ) Senior notes: May 2023 ) ) August 2024 ) ) March 2025 ) ) November 2025 ) ) July 2026 ) ) November 2027 ) ) May 2028 ) ) March 2030 ) ) February 2031 ) ) February 2032 ) ) March 2033 ) ) March 2035 ) ) March 2040 ) ) May 2041 ) ) March 2050 ) ) Debentures: September 2035 ) ) Tax-exempt: 2023 - 2051 
 - 
 ) ) Finance leases: 2023 - 2063 
 - 
 Total Debt ) ) Less: current portion ) ) Long-term portion 
 
 88 

Table of Contents 
 REPUBLIC SERVICES, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

 2024 2025 2026 2027 Thereafter 
 Credit Facilities 
 The Credit Facility 
 In August 2021, we entered into a billion unsecured revolving credit facility (the Credit Facility). Borrowings under the Credit Facility mature in August 2026. As permitted by the Credit Facility, we have the right to request extensions of the maturity date, but none of the lenders are committed to participate in such extensions. The Credit Facility also includes a feature that allows us to increase availability, at our option, by an aggregate amount of up to billion through increased commitments from existing lenders or the addition of new lenders. 
 At our option, borrowings under the Credit Facility bear interest at a Base Rate, a daily floating LIBOR, or a Eurodollar Rate, plus a current applicable margin of based on our Debt Ratings (all as defined in the Credit Facility agreement). On the earliest of (i) the date that all available tenors of United States dollar LIBOR have permanently or indefinitely ceased to be provided or have been announced to be no longer representative, (ii) June 30, 2023 or (iii) the effective date of an election to opt into a SOFR rate, the LIBOR rate will be replaced by a forward-looking term rate based on SOFR or a daily rate based on SOFR published on such date. 
 The Credit Facility is subject to facility fees based on applicable rates defined in the Credit Facility agreement and the aggregate commitment, regardless of usage. The Credit Facility can be used for working capital, capital expenditures, acquisitions, letters of credit and other general corporate purposes. The Credit Facility agreement requires us to comply with financial and other covenants. We may pay dividends and repurchase common stock if we are in compliance with these covenants. 
 We had million and million outstanding under our Credit Facility as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. We had million and million of letters of credit outstanding under our Credit Facility as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. We also had million of outstanding borrowings (net of related discount on issuance) under our commercial paper program as of December 31, 2022. In the event of a failed re-borrowing, we currently have availability under our Credit Facility to fund the commercial paper program until it is re-borrowed successfully. As a result, availability under our Credit Facility was million and million as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 Uncommitted Credit Facility 
 In January 2022, we entered into a million unsecured uncommitted revolving credit facility (the Uncommitted Credit Facility), which replaced the prior million uncommitted credit facility. The Uncommitted Credit Facility bears interest at an annual percentage rate to be agreed upon by both parties. Borrowings under the Uncommitted Credit Facility can be used for working capital, letters of credit and other general corporate purposes. The agreement governing our Uncommitted Credit Facility requires us to comply with certain covenants. The Uncommitted Credit Facility may be terminated by either party at any time. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, we had borrowings outstanding under our Uncommitted Credit Facility. 
 Term Loan Credit Agreement 
 On April 29, 2022, we entered into a billion term loan facility (the Term Loan Facility). The Term Loan Facility will mature on April 29, 2025 and bears interest at a base rate or a forward-looking SOFR, plus an applicable margin based on our debt ratings. The weighted average interest rate for the borrowings outstanding as of December 31, 2022 was . We may prepay, without penalty, all or any part of the borrowings under the Term Loan Facility at any time. 
 On May 2, 2022, we completed the acquisition of US Ecology using proceeds from the Term Loan Facility and borrowings under the Credit Facility. 
 89 

Table of Contents 
 REPUBLIC SERVICES, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

 million outstanding at any one time (the Commercial Paper Cap). In August 2022, the Commercial Paper Cap was increased to billion. As of December 31, 2022, we had billion principal value of commercial paper issued and outstanding under the program with a weighted average interest rate of and a weighted average maturity of approximately days for the year ended December 31, 2022. In the event of a failed re-borrowing, we currently have availability under our Credit Facility to fund amounts currently borrowed under the commercial paper program until they are re-borrowed successfully. Accordingly, we have classified these borrowings as long-term in our consolidated balance sheet as of December 31, 2022. 
 Interest Rate Swap and Lock Agreements 
 Our ability to obtain financing through the capital markets is a key component of our financial strategy. Historically, we have managed risk associated with executing this strategy, particularly as it relates to fluctuations in interest rates, by using a combination of fixed and floating rate debt. From time to time, we also have entered into interest rate swap and lock agreements to manage risk associated with interest rates, either to effectively convert specific fixed rate debt to a floating rate (fair value hedges), or to lock interest rates in anticipation of future debt issuances (cash flow hedges). 
 Fair Value Hedges 
 During the second half of 2013, we entered into various interest rate swap agreements (the 2013 Interest Rate Swaps) relative to our fixed rate senior notes due in May 2023 Notes). The goal was to reduce overall borrowing costs and rebalance our debt portfolio's ratio of fixed-to-floating interest rates. As of December 31, 2022, these swap agreements had a total notional value of million and mature in May 2023. We pay interest at floating rates based on changes in LIBOR and receive interest at a fixed rate of . In 2013, these transactions were designated as fair value hedges because the swaps hedge against the changes in fair value of the Notes resulting from changes in interest rates. 
 Contemporaneously with the million partial redemption of the Notes in November 2020, we dedesignated the proportional share of these swap agreements as fair value hedges. There was no ineffectiveness recognized in the dedesignation of these fair value hedges. Following the dedesignation, the fair value of these free-standing derivatives was determined using standard valuation models with assumptions about interest rates being based on those observed in underlying markets (Level 2 in the fair value hierarchy). As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, these free-standing derivatives were reflected at their fair value of a million liability and a million asset, respectively, and are included in other accrued liabilities and other assets, respectively, in our consolidated balance sheets. For the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, we recognized losses of million, million and million, directly in earnings as an adjustment to non-cash interest expense attributable to the change in fair value of the free-standing derivatives, respectively. 
 As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the 2013 Interest Rate Swaps that were designated as fair value hedges are reflected at their fair value of a million liability and a million asset, respectively, and are included in other accrued liabilities and other assets, respectively, in our consolidated balance sheets. To the extent they are effective, the remaining hedged portion of these interest rate swap agreements is included as an adjustment to long-term debt in our consolidated balance sheets. 
 We recognized net interest income of million, million and million, respectively, during 2022, 2021 and 2020, related to net swap settlements for these interest rate swap agreements, which is included as an offset to interest expense in our consolidated statements of income. 
 For the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, we recognized gains of million and million and a loss of million, respectively, related to the impact of changes in the benchmark interest rate on the fair value of the hedged senior notes. For the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, we recognized offsetting losses of million and million and an offsetting gain of million, respectively, on the related interest rate swaps attributable to changes in the benchmark interest rate. The difference of these fair value changes for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 was recorded directly in earnings as an adjustment to interest expense in our consolidated statements of income. 
 For further detail regarding the effect of our fair value hedging on interest expense, see Note 18, Financial Instruments , of the notes to our audited consolidated financial statements in Part II, Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 Cash Flow Hedges 
 We have historically entered into multiple swap agreements designated as cash flow hedges to manage exposure to fluctuations in interest rates in anticipation of planned future issuances of senior notes. Upon the expected issuance of senior notes, we terminate the interest rate locks and settle with our counterparties. These transactions were accounted for as cash flow hedges. All of our cash flow hedges settled on or before December 31, 2020. The fair value of our interest rate locks is determined 
 90 

Table of Contents 
 REPUBLIC SERVICES, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

 million and million, respectively , net of tax. The effective portion of the interest rate locks is amortized as an adjustment to interest expense over the life of the issued debt using the effective interest method. D uring 2022, 2021 and 2020, we recognized losses, net of tax of million, million and million, respectively, as a result of this amortization. Over the next 12 months, we expect to amortize million, net of tax, from accumulated other comprehensive loss to interest expense as a yield adjustment of our senior notes. 
 In connection with our acquisition of US Ecology, in the second quarter of 2022, we acquired and novated a floating-to-fixed interest rate swap agreement (the 2022 Interest Rate Swap) with an initial effective date of March 6, 2020 and an initial notional amount of million relative to our Term Loan Facility. The interest rate swap matures in November 2026. The goal was to reduce overall borrowing costs. Under the terms of the acquired agreement, we pay interest at a fixed interest rate of and received interest at floating rates based on changes in LIBOR. The interest rate swap is designated as a cash flow hedge. In May 2022, following the closing of the acquisition, we amended the reference rate from a floating rate based on LIBOR to a SOFR rate. In accordance with ASU 2020-04, the amendment of the reference rate did not result in dedesignation of the cash flow hedge. Changes in the fair value of the interest rate swap are recorded as a component of accumulated other comprehensive loss and are recognized in interest expense in the period in which the payment is settled. 
 The fair value of our floating-to-fixed interest rate swap is determined using standard valuation models with assumptions about interest rates being based on those observed in underlying markets (Level 2 in the fair value hierarchy). As of December 31, 2022, the 2022 Interest Rate Swap was recorded at its fair value of million and is included in other assets in our consolidated balance sheets. During 2022, we recognized an unrealized gain of million in accumulated other comprehensive income for the 2022 Interest Rate Swap. 
 As of December 31, 2022, the 2022 Interest Rate Swap was recorded as a component of accumulated other income of million, net of tax. The effective portion of the Interest Rate Swap is amortized as an adjustment to interest expense over the life of the instrument using the effective interest method. During 2022, we recognized a gain, net of tax, of million as a result of this amortization. Over the next 12 months, we expect to amortize approximately million, net of tax, from accumulated other comprehensive income related to this instrument as an offset to interest expense in the period in which payments are settled. 
 For further detail regarding the effect of our cash flow hedging on interest expense, see Note 18, Financial Instruments , of the notes to our audited consolidated financial statements in Part II, Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 Derivative Contracts 
 Contemporaneously with the issuance of our Notes in February 2020, we amended interest rate lock agreements with an aggregate notional value of million, extending the mandatory maturity date from 2020 to 2030, and dedesignated them as cash flow hedges (2020 Extended Interest Rate Locks). Contemporaneously with the issuance of our Notes in August 2019, we amended interest rate lock agreements with an aggregate notional value of million, extending the mandatory maturity date from 2019 to 2024, and dedesignated them as cash flow hedges (2019 Extended Interest Rate Locks and collectively with the 2020 Extended Interest Rate Locks referred to as the Extended Interest Rate Locks). There was no ineffectiveness recognized in the termination of these cash flow hedges. In addition, we entered into offsetting interest rate swaps to offset future exposures to fair value fluctuations of the Extended Interest Rate Locks (2019 Offsetting Interest Rate Swap and the 2020 Offsetting Interest Rate Swap, or collectively the Offsetting Interest Rate Swaps). The fair value of these free-standing derivatives was determined using standard valuation models with assumptions about interest rates being based on those observed in underlying markets (Level 2 in the fair value hierarchy). 
 As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the fair values of the Extended Interest Rate Locks were assets of million and liabilities of million, respectively, which were included in other assets and other long-term liabilities, respectively, in our consolidated balance sheets. 
 As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the fair value of the 2019 Offsetting Interest Rate Swap was a liability of million and an asset of million, which were included in other long-term liabilities and other assets, respectively, in our consolidated balance sheets. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the fair values of the 2020 Offsetting Interest Rate Swap were liabilities of million and million, respectively, which were included in other long-term liabilities in our consolidated balance sheets. 
 For the year ended December 31, 2022, we recognized a gain of million on the change in fair value of the Extended Interest Rate Locks, with an offsetting loss of million, on the change in fair value of the Offsetting Interest Rate Swaps. For the year ended December 31, 2021, we recognized a gain of million on the change in fair value of the Extended 
 91 

Table of Contents 
 REPUBLIC SERVICES, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

 million, on the change in fair value of the Offsetting Interest Rate Swaps. The changes in fair value were recorded directly in earnings as an adjustment to interest expense in our consolidated statements of income. 
 Tax-Exempt Financings 
 As of December 31, 2022 and 2021 we had million and million of certain variable rate tax-exempt financings outstanding, respectively, with maturities ranging from 2023 to 2051. During 2021, we issued million of tax-exempt financings. 
 In the fourth quarter of 2021, the Pennsylvania Economic Development Financing Authority issued, for our benefit, million of Solid Waste Disposal Revenue Bonds. The proceeds from the issuance, after deferred issuance costs, will be used to fund qualifying landfill-related expenditures in the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania, of which million and million was incurred and reimbursed to us as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively . As of December 31, 2022 and 2021 , we had million and million , respectively, of restricted cash and marketable securities. As of December 31, 2021, million of the restricted cash and marketable securities balance represented proceeds from the issuance of the tax-exempt bonds. 
 All of our tax-exempt financings are remarketed either quarterly or semiannually by remarketing agents to effectively maintain a variable yield. The holders of the bonds can put them back to the remarketing agents at the end of each interest period. If the remarketing agent is unable to remarket our bonds, the remarketing agent can put the bonds to us. In the event of a failed remarketing, we currently have availability under our Credit Facility to fund these bonds until they are remarketed successfully. Accordingly, we classified these borrowings as long-term in our consolidated balance sheets as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. 
 Finance Leases 
 We had finance lease liabilities of million and million as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, with maturities ranging from 2023 to 2063. 
 Interest Paid 
 million, million and million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 
 
 10. 
 Finance lease assets Property and equipment, net Total leased assets Liabilities Current Operating Other accrued liabilities Finance Notes payable and current maturities of long-term debt Long-term Operating Other long-term liabilities Finance Long-term debt, net of current maturities Total lease liabilities 
 92 

Table of Contents 
 REPUBLIC SERVICES, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

 Short-term lease cost Cost of operations Variable lease cost Cost of operations Finance lease cost Amortization of leased assets Depreciation amortization and depletion Interest on lease liabilities Interest expense Variable lease cost Interest expense Total lease cost 
 During the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, we recognized changes in our operating right-of-use lease liabilities and assets, resulting from the recognition of non-cash lease expense of million and million, respectively. 
 2024 2025 2026 2027 Thereafter Total lease payments Less: interest ) ) ) Present value of lease liabilities 
 Finance leases Weighted-average discount rate Operating leases Finance leases 
 Supplemental cash flow and other non-cash information for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 follow: 
 2022 2021 Cash paid for amounts included in the measurement of lease liabilities Operating cash flows from operating leases Operating cash flows from finance leases Financing cash flows from finance leases Leased assets obtained in exchange for new finance lease liabilities Leased assets obtained in exchange for new operating lease liabilities 
 
 93 

Table of Contents 
 REPUBLIC SERVICES, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

 11. 
 State 
 Deferred: Federal 
 ) State 
 State deferred benefit - change in valuation allowance ) Uncertain tax positions and interest and other ) ) Provision for income taxes 
 State income taxes, net of federal benefit Change in valuation allowance ) Non-deductible expenses Uncertain tax position taxes and interest Investment tax credits ) ) ) Other, net ) ) ) Effective income tax rate 
 During 2022, we acquired non-controlling interests in limited liability companies established to own solar energy assets that qualified for investment tax credits under Section 48 of the Internal Revenue Code. We account for these investments using the equity method of accounting and recognize our share of income or loss and other reductions in the value of our investment in loss from unconsolidated equity method investments within our consolidated statements of income. For further discussion regarding our equity method accounting, see Note 3, Business Acquisitions, Investments and Restructuring Charges . Our 2022 tax provision reflects a benefit of approximately million due to the tax credits related to these investments. 
 Our 2021 tax provision was reduced by approximately million related to the tax credits from our non-controlling interest in limited liability companies established to own solar energy assets. 
 Our 2020 tax provision was reduced by approximately million from excess tax benefits related to stock compensation, approximately million related to the tax credits from our non-controlling interest in limited liability companies established to own solar energy assets, approximately million for adjustments to our valuation allowance due to the realizability of certain state loss carryforwards, and approximately million due to the realization of additional federal and state benefits as well as adjustments to deferred taxes due to the completion of our 2019 tax returns. 
 On August 16, 2022, the Inflation Reduction Act (IRA) was signed into law. The IRA, among other things, implements a 15 minimum tax on financial statement income of certain large corporations, a 1 excise tax on stock repurchases and extends, enhances and creates several tax incentives to promote clean energy. While we continue to evaluate the IRA, at present, outside of the potential for future energy credits, we do not believe it will have a material effect on our audited consolidated financial statements. 
 We made income tax payments (net of refunds) of approximately million, million and million for 2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively. Income taxes paid in 2022, 2021 and 2020 reflect benefits from tax credits from our continuing investments in solar energy. For 2022 and 2020 cash taxes paid also reflects benefits from bonus depreciation on qualified assets. 
 94 

Table of Contents 
 REPUBLIC SERVICES, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) ) Difference between book and tax basis of intangible assets 
 ) ) Operating right-of-use lease assets 
 ) ) Basis difference due to redemption of partnership interests 
 ) ) Total liabilities 
 ) ) Deferred tax assets relating to: Environmental reserves 
 Accruals not currently deductible 
 Net operating loss carryforwards 
 Difference between book and tax basis of other assets 
 Operating right-of-use lease liabilities 
 Other 
 Total assets 
 Valuation allowance 
 ) ) Net deferred tax asset 
 Net deferred tax liabilities ) ) 
 Additions charged to provision for income taxes Deferred tax assets realized or written-off ) ) Other, net ) Valuation allowance, end of year 
 We have deferred tax assets related to state net operating loss carryforwards. We provide a partial valuation allowance due to uncertainty surrounding the future utilization of these carryforwards in the taxing jurisdictions where the loss carryforwards exist. When determining the need for a valuation allowance, we consider all positive and negative evidence, including recent financial results, scheduled reversals of deferred tax liabilities, projected future taxable income and tax planning strategies. The weight given to the positive and negative evidence is commensurate with the extent such evidence can be objectively verified. We adjust the valuation allowance in the period management determines it is more likely than not that deferred tax assets will or will not be realized. 
 Substantially all of our valuation allowance is associated with state loss carryforwards. The realization of our deferred tax asset for state loss carryforwards ultimately depends upon the existence of sufficient taxable income in the appropriate state taxing jurisdictions in future periods. We continue to regularly monitor both positive and negative evidence in determining the ongoing need for a valuation allowance. 
 We have deferred tax assets related to state net operating loss carryforwards with an estimated tax effect of approximately million available as of December 31, 2022. These state net operating loss carryforwards expire at various times between 2023 and 2042. We believe that it is more likely than not that the benefit from some of our state net operating loss carryforwards will not be realized due to limitations on these loss carryforwards in certain states. In recognition of this risk, as of December 31, 2022, we have provided a valuation allowance of approximately million. 
 We are subject to income tax in the United States, as well as income tax in multiple state jurisdictions. Our compliance with income tax rules and regulations is periodically audited by tax authorities. These authorities may challenge the positions taken in our tax filings. Thus, to provide for certain potential tax exposures, we maintain liabilities for uncertain tax positions for our estimate of the final outcome of the examinations. Our federal statute of limitations is closed for all years prior to 2015. We are currently under examination by the Internal Revenue Service (IRS) for tax years 2015 through 2018. In addition, we are currently under state examination or administrative review in various jurisdictions for tax years 2012 to 2020. 
 95 

Table of Contents 
 REPUBLIC SERVICES, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

 Additions for tax positions of current year Additions for tax positions of prior years Reductions for tax positions of prior years ) Balance at end of year 
 Included in our gross unrecognized tax benefits as of December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 are million, million and million, respectively, of unrecognized tax benefits (net of the federal benefit) that, if recognized, would affect our effective income tax rate in future periods. However, we are unable to estimate the resolution of these matters over the next 12 months. 
 We recognize interest and penalties as incurred within the provision for income taxes in our consolidated statements of income. Related to the unrecognized tax benefits previously noted, we recorded interest expense of million during 2022 and, in total as of December 31, 2022, have recognized a liability for penalties of million and interest of million. 
 During 2021, we recorded interest expense of approximately million and, in total as of December 31, 2021, had recognized a liability for penalties of million and interest of million. During 2020, we accrued interest of million and, in total as of December 31, 2020, had recognized a liability for penalties of million and interest of million. 
 We believe the recorded liabilities for uncertain tax positions are adequate. However, a significant assessment against us in excess of the liabilities recorded could have a material adverse effect on our consolidated financial position, results of operations and cash flows. 
 
 12. 
 million shares of common stock reserved for future grants under the 2021 Plan. 
 In February 2007, our Board of Directors approved the 2007 Stock Incentive Plan (the 2007 Plan); in May 2007 our shareholders approved the 2007 Plan. In March 2011, our Board of Directors approved the Amended and Restated 2007 Stock Incentive Plan (the Amended and Restated 2007 SIP); in May 2011 our shareholders approved the Amended and Restated 2007 SIP. In March 2013, our Board of Directors approved the Republic Services, Inc. Amended and Restated 2007 Stock Incentive Plan (the Republic Amended and Restated 2007 SIP); in May 2013 our shareholders approved the Republic Amended and Restated 2007 SIP (the 2007 Plan, the Amended and Restated 2007 SIP and the Republic Amended and Restated 2007 SIP are collectively referred to as the Amended and Restated 2007 Stock Incentive Plan). No further awards will be made under the Amended and Restated 2007 Stock Incentive Plan. 
 96 

Table of Contents 
 REPUBLIC SERVICES, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

 Granted Vested and issued ) Forfeited ) Unissued as of December 31, 2020 
 Granted Vested and issued ) Forfeited ) Unissued as of December 31, 2021 
 Granted Vested and issued ) Forfeited ) Unissued as of December 31, 2022 
 Vested and unissued as of December 31, 2022 
 
 During the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 , we awarded our non-employee directors , and RSUs, respectively, which vested upon issuance. 
 During the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 , we awarded , and RSUs, respectively, to executives and employees that vest in four equal annual installments beginning on the anniversary date of the original grant or cliff vest after three or . 
 During the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 , we granted an additional , and RSUs, respectively, as dividend equivalents. 
 The RSUs do not carry any voting or dividend rights, except the right to receive additional RSUs in lieu of dividends. 
 Compensation Expense 
 The fair value of RSUs is based on the closing market price on the date of the grant. The compensation expense related to RSUs is amortized ratably over the vesting period, or to the employee's retirement eligible date, if earlier. 
 During the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 , compensation expense related to RSUs tota led million, million and million, respectively. In 2021, we recognized approximately million of compensation expense related to the accelerated vesting of RSUs previously granted to Donald W. Slager that were previously scheduled to vest in 2022 and beyond as a result of his retirement as Chief Executive Officer (CEO) of Republic Services, Inc. in June 2021. As of December 31, 2022, total unrecognized compensation expense related to outstanding RSUs was million, which will be recognized over a weighted average period of years. 
 97 

Table of Contents 
 REPUBLIC SERVICES, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

 Granted Vested and issued ) Forfeited ) Outstanding as of December 31, 2020 
 Granted Vested and issued ) Forfeited ) Outstanding as of December 31, 2021 
 Granted Vested and issued ) Forfeited ) Outstanding and Exercisable as of December 31, 2022 
 
 During the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, we awarded , and PSUs to our executive officers, respectively. These awards are performance-based as the number of shares ultimately earned depends on performance against pre-determined targets for return on invested capital (ROIC), cash flow value creation (CFVC) and total shareholder return relative to the S P 500 index (RTSR). The PSUs are payable in shares of common stock and in cash after the end o f a performance period, when our financial performance for the entire performance period is reported, typically in February of the succeeding year. At the end of the performance period, the number of PSUs awarded can range from to of the targeted amount, depending on the performance against the pre-determined targets. 
 During the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, we awarded , and PSUs to our employees other than our executive officers, respectively. The PSUs are payable in shares of common stock after the end of a performance period, when our financial performance for the entire performance period is reported, typically in February of the succeeding year. At the end of the performance period, the number of PSUs awarded can range from to of the targeted amount, depending on the performance against the pre-determined targets. 
 D uring the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, we granted an additi onal , and PSU s, respectively, as dividend equivalents. 
 The PSUs do not carry any voting or dividend rights, except the right to accumulate additional PSUs in lieu of dividends. 
 Compensation Expense 
 For the stock-settled portion of the award that vests based on future ROIC and CFVC performance, compensation expense is measured using the fair value of our common stock at the grant date. For the cash-settled portion of the award that vests based on future ROIC and CFVC performance, compensation expense is recorded based on the fair value of our common stock at the end of each reporting period. Compensation expense is recognized ratably over the performance period based on our estimated achievement of the established performance criteria. Compensation expense is only recognized for the portion of the award that we expect to vest, which we estimate based on an assessment of the probability that the performance criteria will be achieved. 
 For the stock-settled portion of the award that vests based on RTSR, the grant date fair value is based on a Monte Carlo valuation and compensation expense is recognized on a straight-line basis over the vesting period. For the cash-settled portion of the award that vests based on RTSR, compensation expense also incorporates the fair value of our PSUs at the end of each reporting period. Compensation expense is recognized for the RTSR portion of the award whether or not the market conditions are achieved. 
 D uring the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 , compensation expense related to PSUs tot aled million, million and million, respectively. In 2021, we recognized approximately million of compensation expense related to the accelerated vesting of PSUs previously granted to Mr. Slager that were previously scheduled to vest in 2022 and beyond as a result of his retirement in June 2021. As of December 31, 2022, total unrecognized compensation expense related to outstanding PSUs was million, which will be recognized over a weighted average period of approximately year. 
 98 

Table of Contents 
 REPUBLIC SERVICES, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

 qualified defined benefit pension plan, the BFI Retirement Plan (the Plan). The Plan covers certain employees in the United States, including some employees subject to collective bargaining agreements. 
 The Plan benefits are frozen. Interest credits continue to be earned by participants in the Plan, and participants whose collective bargaining agreements provide for additional benefit accruals under the Plan continue to receive those credits in accordance with the terms of their bargaining agreements. The Plan was converted from a traditional defined benefit plan to a cash balance plan in 1993. 
 Prior to the conversion to the cash balance design, benefits payable as a single life annuity under the Plan were based on the participant s highest of earnings out of the last of service. Upon conversion to the cash balance plan, the existing accrued benefits were converted to a lump-sum value using the actuarial assumptions in effect at the time. Participants cash balance accounts are increased until retirement by certain benefit and interest credits under the terms of their bargaining agreements. Participants may elect early retirement with the attainment of age and completion of of credited service at reduced benefits. Participants with years of service may retire at age without any reduction in benefits. 
 Our pension contributions are made in accordance with funding standards established by the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974 and the Internal Revenue Code, as amended by the Pension Protection Act enacted in 2006 (the PPA). contributions were made in 2022 or 2021. 
 We must separately recognize the overfunded or underfunded status of the Plan as an asset or liability. The funded status represents the difference between the projected benefit obligation (PBO) and the fair value of the Plan assets. The PBO is equal to the accumulated benefit obligation (ABO) as the Plan is frozen and the present value of liabilities is not affected by future salary increases. We use a measurement date that coincides with our year end of December 31. 
 Change in projected benefit obligation: Projected benefit obligation at beginning of year Interest cost Actuarial (gain) loss ) Benefits paid ) ) Projected benefit obligation at end of year Change in plan assets: Fair value of plan assets at beginning of year Actual return on plan assets ) Estimated expenses ) ) Benefits paid ) ) Fair value of plan assets at end of year Over funded status Amounts recognized in the statement of financial position consist of: Noncurrent assets Net amount recognized Weighted average assumptions used to determine benefit obligations: Discount rate Rate of compensation increase N/A N/A 
 The amounts included in accumulated other comprehensive income on the consolidated balance sheets that have not yet been recognized as components of net periodic benefit cost as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 were million and million, respectively. 
 99 

Table of Contents 
 REPUBLIC SERVICES, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

 ) ) ) Recognized net actuarial gain ) Amortization of prior service cost Net periodic benefit income ) ) ) Weighted average assumptions used to determine net periodic benefit income: Discount rate Expected return on plan assets Rate of compensation increase N/A N/A N/A 
 We determine the discount rate used in the measurement of our obligations based on a model that matches the timing and amount of expected benefit payments to maturities of high quality bonds priced as of the Plan measurement date. When that timing does not correspond to a published high-quality bond rate, our model uses an expected yield curve to determine an appropriate current discount rate. The yields on the bonds are used to derive a discount rate for the liability. The term of our obligation, based on the expected retirement dates of our workforce, is approximately . 
 In developing our expected rate of return assumption, we have evaluated the actual historical performance and long-term return projections of the Plan assets, which give consideration to the asset mix and the anticipated timing of the Plan outflows. We primarily utilize fixed income investments to minimize the volatility of the difference between the market value of the Plan assets and the present value of the obligation. Risk tolerance is established through careful consideration of Plan liabilities, Plan funded status and our financial condition. Derivatives may be used to gain market exposure in an efficient and timely manner; however, derivatives may not be used to leverage the portfolio beyond the market value of the underlying investments. Investment risk is measured and monitored on an ongoing basis through annual liability measurements, periodic asset and liability studies and quarterly investment portfolio reviews. 
 Equity securities Total 
 Asset allocations are reviewed and rebalanced periodically based on funded status. For 2023, the investment strategy for Plan assets is to maintain a portfolio designed to achieve our target of an average long-term rate of return of . While we believe we can achieve a long-term average return of , we cannot be certain that the portfolio will perform to our expectations. Assets are strategically allocated among fixed income and cash portfolios to achieve a diversification level that reduces fluctuations in investment returns. Asset allocation target ranges and strategies are reviewed periodically with the assistance of an independent external consulting firm. 
 100 

Table of Contents 
 REPUBLIC SERVICES, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

 Fixed income securities Total assets 
 Fair Value Measurements Using December 31, 2021 Quoted Prices in Active Markets (Level 1) Significant Other Observable Inputs (Level 2) Significant Unobservable Inputs (Level 3) Money market accounts Mutual funds Total assets 
 2024 2025 2026 2027 2028 through 2032 
 Collective Bargaining Agreements 
 As of December 31, 2022, approximately of our workforce was covered by collective bargaining agreements (CBAs), and approximately of our workforce was covered by CBAs that will expire during 2023. 
 Multiemployer Pension Plans 
 We participate in multiemployer pension plans that generally provide retirement benefits to participants of contributing employers. We do not administer these plans. In general, these plans are managed by a board of trustees with the unions appointing certain trustees and other contributing employers of the plan appointing certain members. We generally are not represented on the board of trustees. 
 Based on the information available to us, we believe that some of the multiemployer plans to which we contribute are either critical or endangered as those terms are defined in the Pension Protection Act (PPA). The PPA requires underfunded pension plans to improve their funding ratios within prescribed intervals based on the level of their underfunding. Until the plan trustees develop the funding improvement plans or rehabilitation plans as required by the PPA, we cannot determine the amount of any additional contribution or other financial obligations that we may be subject to, if any. Accordingly, we cannot presently determine the effect that the PPA may have on our consolidated financial position, results of operations or cash flows. 
 Furthermore, under current law regarding multiemployer benefit plans, a plan s termination, our voluntary withdrawal (which we consider from time to time), or the mass withdrawal from any under-funded multiemployer pension plan would require us to make payments to the plan for our proportionate share of the multiemployer plan s unfunded vested liabilities. During the course of operating our business, we may incur withdrawal events regarding certain of the multiemployer pension plans in which we participate. We accrue for such events when losses become probable and reasonably estimable. 
 
 101 

Table of Contents 
 REPUBLIC SERVICES, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

 million in any period disclosed to be individually significant. The most recent PPA zone status available in 2022 and 2021 is for the plans year ended September 30, or December 31, 2021 and 2020, respectively. The status is based on information that Republic received from the plans and is certified by the plans actuary. Among other factors, plans in the critical red zone are generally less than funded, plans in the endangered yellow zone are less than funded and plans in the safe green zone are at least funded. Plans in the critical and declining zone are classified as critical and projected to be insolvent in the current year or any of the 14 following plan years. The last column lists the expiration dates of the CBAs to which the plans are subject. No Various dates through 6/30/27 Local No. 731 I.B. of T., Pension Fund 36-6513567 Safe Safe No No Various dates through 1/31/24 Individually significant plans All other plans N/A N/A N/A N/A N/A Total 
 We are listed in the Form 5500 for Local No. 731, I.B. of T. Pension Fund as providing more than of the total contributions. At the date these financial statements were issued, Forms 5500 were not available for the plan years ended in 2022. 
 Defined Contribution Plan 
 We maintain the Republic Services 401(k) Plan (the 401(k) Plan), which is a defined contribution plan covering all eligible employees. Under the 401(k) Plan, participants may direct us to defer a portion of their compensation to the 401(k) Plan, subject to Internal Revenue Code limitations. We provide for an employer matching contribution equal to of the first of eligible compensation and of the next of eligible compensation contributed by each employee, which is funded in cash. All contributions vest immediately. 
 Total expense recorded for matching 401(k) contributions in 2022 , 2021 and 2020 was million, million and million, respectively. 
 Deferred Compensation Plan 
 We provide eligible Republic employees, officers and directors with the opportunity to voluntarily defer base salary, bonus payments, long-term incentive awards and other compensation, as applicable, on a pre-tax basis through the Republic Services, Inc. Deferred Compensation Plan (the DCP). The DCP is a nonqualified deferred compensation plan that conforms to Section 409A of the Internal Revenue Code. Eligible participants can defer up to of base salary and up to of bonus, long-term compensation and directors fees. Under the DCP, some participants also are eligible for matching contributions. The matching contribution under the DCP is equal to the lesser of of the participant s compensation over established 401(k) limits or of the amount the participant has deferred. The DCP participants have no ownership or security interest in any of the amounts deferred or the measurement funds under the DCP. The right of each participant in the DCP is solely that of a general, unsecured creditor of Republic with respect to his or her own interest under the DCP. Deferred amounts may be subject to forfeiture and are deemed invested among investment funds offered under the DCP, as directed by each participant. Payments of deferred amounts are payable following separation from service or at a date or dates elected by the participant when the deferral is elected. Payments of deferred amounts are made in either a lump sum or in annual installments over a period not exceeding years. 
 Republic invested in corporate-owned life insurance policies to satisfy future obligations under the DCP. These corporate-owned life insurance policies are held in a Rabbi Trust and are recorded at the amount that can be realized under insurance contracts at the balance sheet date, which is the cash surrender value adjusted for other charges or other amounts due that are probable at settlement. The aggregate cash surrender value of these life insurance policies was million and million as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, and is classified in other assets in our consolidated balance 
 102 

Table of Contents 
 REPUBLIC SERVICES, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

 million and million as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, and is classified in other long-term liabilities in our consolidated balance sheets. 
 Employee Stock Purchase Plan 
 Republic employees are eligible to participate in an employee stock purchase plan. The plan allows participants to purchase our common stock for of its quoted market price on the last day of each calendar quarter. For the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, issuances under this plan totaled shares, shares and shares, respectively. As of December 31, 2022, shares reserved for issuance to employees under this plan totaled million and Republic held employee contributions of million for the purchase of common stock. 
 
 13. 
 Amount paid Weighted average cost per share 
 As of December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 there were repurchased shares pending settlement. 
 In October 2020, our Board of Directors approved a billion share repurchase authorization effective starting January 1, 2021 and extending through December 31, 2023. Share repurchases under the program may be made through open market purchases or privately negotiated transactions in accordance with applicable federal securities laws. While the Board of Directors has approved the program, the timing of any purchases, the prices and the number of shares of common stock to be purchased will be determined by our management, at its discretion, and will depend upon market conditions and other factors. The share repurchase program may be extended, suspended or discontinued at any time. As of December 31, 2022, the remaining authorized purchase capacity under our October 2020 repurchase program was billion. On a quarterly basis, our Board of Directors reviews the intrinsic value of our stock and the parameters around which we repurchase our shares. 
 Dividends 
 per share. Aggregate cash dividends declared were million , million and million for the years ended December 31, 2022 , 2021 and 2020, respectively. As of December 31, 2022, we recorded a quarterly dividend payable of million . 

103 

Table of Contents 
 REPUBLIC SERVICES, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

14. 
 Weighted average common shares outstanding Basic earnings per share Diluted earnings per share: Net income attributable to Republic Services, Inc. Weighted average common shares outstanding Effect of dilutive securities: Options to purchase common stock Unvested RSU awards Unvested PSU awards Weighted average common and common equivalent shares outstanding Diluted earnings per share 
 million antidilutive securities outstanding. 

104 

Table of Contents 
 REPUBLIC SERVICES, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

15. 
 field groups, referred to as Group 1, Group 2 and Group 3. Group 1 is our recycling and solid waste business operating primarily in geographic areas located in the western United States. Group 2 is our recycling and solid waste business operating primarily in geographic areas located in the southeastern and mid-western United States and the eastern seaboard of the United States. Group 3 is our environmental solutions business operating in geographic areas located across the United States and Canada. These groups are presented below as our reportable segments, which each provide integrated environmental services, including but not limited to collection, transfer, recycling and disposal. Prior to the third quarter of 2022, our environmental services operating segment, now referred to as our Group 3 reportable segment, was aggregated with Corporate entities and other. 
 Intercompany Revenue ) ) ) ) ) ) Net Revenue Gross Adjusted EBITDA Adjusted EBITDA allocations ) ) Net Adjusted EBITDA Adjusted EBITDA margin Capital Expenditures Total Assets 2021 Gross Revenue Intercompany Revenue ) ) ) ) ) ) Net Revenue Gross Adjusted EBITDA Adjusted EBITDA allocations ) Net Adjusted EBITDA Adjusted EBITDA margin Capital Expenditures Total Assets 2020 Gross Revenue Intercompany Revenue ) ) ) ) ) ) Net Revenue Gross Adjusted EBITDA Adjusted EBITDA allocations ) Net Adjusted EBITDA Adjusted EBITDA margin Capital Expenditures Total Assets 
 Intercompany revenue reflects transactions within and between segments that generally are made on a basis intended to reflect the market value of such services. Capital expenditures for Corporate entities and other primarily include vehicle inventory acquired but not yet assigned to operating locations and facilities. 
 105 

Table of Contents 
 REPUBLIC SERVICES, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

Net income attributable to noncontrolling interests Provision for income taxes Other expense (income), net ) Interest income ) ) ) Interest expense Depreciation, amortization and depletion Accretion EBITDA and EBITDA margin 
 The following table calculates our adjusted EBITDA and adjusted EBITDA margin for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 (in millions of dollars and as a percentage of revenue): 
 2022 2021 2020 EBITDA Loss from unconsolidated equity method investment Adjustment to withdrawal liability for multiemployer pension funds 
 ) Restructuring charges (Gain) loss on business divestitures and impairments, net ) US Ecology, Inc. acquisition integration and deal costs Accelerated vesting of compensation expense for CEO transition Loss on extinguishment of debt and other related costs Bridgeton insurance recovery ) Total adjustments Adjusted EBITDA and adjusted EBITDA margin 
 106 

Table of Contents 
 REPUBLIC SERVICES, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

16. 

Small-container Large-container Other Total collection 
 Transfer Less: intercompany ) ) ) Transfer, net Landfill Less: intercompany ) ) ) Landfill, net Environmental solutions Less: intercompany ) ) ) Environmental solutions, net Other: Recycling processing and commodity sales 
 Other non-core Total other Total revenue 
 Other non-core revenue consists primarily of revenue from National Accounts, which represents the portion of revenue generated from nationwide or regional contracts in markets outside our operating areas where the associated material handling is subcontracted to local operators. Consequently, substantially all of this revenue is offset with related subcontract costs, which are recorded in cost of operations. 
 Environmental solutions revenue includes revenue generated by US Ecology following our acquisition of the business on May 2, 2022. 
 The factors that impact the timing and amount of revenue recognized for each service line may vary based on the nature of the service performed. Generally, we recognize revenue at the time we perform a service. In the event that we bill for services in advance of performance, we recognize deferred revenue for the amount billed and subsequently recognize revenue at the time the service is provided. Depending on the nature of the contract, we may also generate revenue through the collection of fuel recovery fees and environmental fees which are designed to recover our internal costs of providing services to our customers. 
 See Note 15, Segment Reporting , for additional information regarding revenue by reportable segment. 
 Revenue by Service Line 
 Collection Services 
 Our collection business involves the collection of material for transport to transfer stations, or directly to landfills or recycling centers. Our collection services business includes both recurring and temporary customer relationships. Our standard contract duration is three years , although some of our exclusive franchises are for significantly longer periods. The fees received for collection services are based primarily on the market, collection frequency, type of service, type and volume or weight of the material collected, the distance to the disposal facility and the cost of disposal. 
 In general, small-container and residential collection fees are billed monthly or quarterly in advance. Substantially all of the deferred revenue recognized as of December 31, 2021 was recognized as revenue during 2022 when the service was performed. 
 107 

Table of Contents 
 REPUBLIC SERVICES, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

108 

Table of Contents 
 REPUBLIC SERVICES, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

million and million, respectively, of deferred contract costs and capitalized sales commissions. During the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, we amortized million, million and million, respectively, of capitalized sales commissions to selling, general and administrative expenses, and million, million and million, respectively, of other deferred contract costs as a reduction of revenue. 
 
 17.) Other comprehensive (loss) income before reclassifications ) ) Amounts reclassified from accumulated other comprehensive loss Net current-period other comprehensive (loss) income ) ) Balance as of December 31, 2020 
 ) ) Other comprehensive loss before reclassifications ) ) Amounts reclassified from accumulated other comprehensive loss ) Net current-period other comprehensive income (loss) ) ) Balance as of December 31, 2021 
 ) ) Other comprehensive income (loss) before reclassifications ) ) Amounts reclassified from accumulated other comprehensive loss ) Net current-period other comprehensive income (loss) ) ) Balance as of December 31, 2022 
 ) ) )) ) ) Interest expense 2022 Interest Rate Swap Interest expense Total before tax ) ) ) Tax benefit Net of tax ) ) ) Pension gains: Pension settlement Other income Tax expense ) ) Net of tax Total gain (loss) reclassified into earnings, net of tax 
 ) ) ) 
 109 

Table of Contents 
 REPUBLIC SERVICES, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

18.) ) ) The effects of fair value and cash flow hedging relationships in Subtopic 815-20: Gain (loss) on fair value hedging relationships: Interest rate swaps: Net swap settlements Net periodic (loss) earnings ) ) Effect of dedesignation (Loss) gain on cash flow hedging relationships: Amount of (loss) gain reclassified from accumulated other comprehensive loss into earnings, net of tax Interest rate swap locks ) ) ) 2022 Interest Rate Swap The effects of derivative instruments not in Subtopic 815-20: 
 Loss on free-standing derivative instruments: Interest rate swaps: Loss on change in fair value of free-standing derivative instruments ) ) ) Interest rate contract: Net gain (loss) on change in fair value of free-standing derivative instruments ) 
 Fair Value Measurements 
 In measuring fair values of assets and liabilities, we use valuation techniques that maximize the use of observable inputs (Level 1) and minimize the use of unobservable inputs (Level 3). We also use market data or assumptions that we believe market participants would use in pricing an asset or liability, including assumptions about risk when appropriate. 
 The carrying value for certain of our financial instruments, including cash, accounts receivable, accounts payable and certain other accrued liabilities, approximates fair value because of their short-term nature. 
 110 

Table of Contents 
 REPUBLIC SERVICES, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

Bonds - restricted cash and marketable securities and other assets 
 Derivative and hedging assets - other assets Total assets Liabilities: Derivative and hedging liabilities - other accrued liabilities and other long-term liabilities Contingent consideration - other accrued liabilities and other long-term liabilities Total liabilities 
 December 31, 2021 Fair Value Carrying Amount Total Quoted Prices in Active Markets (Level 1) Significant Other Observable Inputs (Level 2) Significant Unobservable Inputs (Level 3) Assets: Money market mutual funds Bonds - restricted cash and marketable securities and other assets Derivative and hedging assets - other assets Total assets Liabilities: Other derivative liabilities - other long-term liabilities Contingent consideration - other accrued liabilities and other long-term liabilities Total liabilities 
 Total Debt 
 As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the carrying value of our total debt was billion and billion, respectively, and the fair value of our total debt was billion and billion, respectively. The estimated fair value of our fixed rate senior notes and debentures is based on quoted market prices. The fair value of our remaining notes payable, tax-exempt financings and borrowings under our credit facilities approximates the carrying value because the interest rates are variable. The fair value estimates -are based on Level 2 inputs of the fair value hierarchy as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. See Note 9, Debt , for further information related to our debt. 
 Contingent Consideration 
 In 2015, we entered into a waste management contract with the County of Sonoma, California to operate the county's waste management facilities. As of December 31, 2022, the Sonoma contingent consideration represents the fair value of million payable to the County of Sonoma based on the achievement of future annual tonnage targets through the expected remaining capacity of the landfill. The potential undiscounted amount of all future contingent payments that we could be required to make under the waste management contract is estimated to be between approximately million and million. 
 111 

Table of Contents 
 REPUBLIC SERVICES, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

changes to the estimate of fair value. 
 
 19. 
 million relating to our outstanding legal proceedings as of December 31, 2022. As of the end of each applicable reporting period, we review each of our legal proceedings and, where it is probable that a liability has been incurred, we accrue for all probable and reasonably estimable losses. Where we can reasonably estimate a range of losses we may incur regarding such a matter, we record an accrual for the amount within the range that constitutes our best estimate. If we can reasonably estimate a range but no amount within the range appears to be a better estimate than any other, we use the amount that is the low end of such range. If we had used the high ends of such ranges, our aggregate potential liability would be approximately million higher than the amount recorded as of December 31, 2022. 
 Multiemployer Pension Plans 
 We participate in multiemployer pension plans that generally provide retirement benefits to participants of contributing employers. We do not administer these plans. 
 Under current law regarding multiemployer pension plans, our withdrawal (which we consider from time to time) or the mass withdrawal from any under-funded multiemployer pension plan (each, a Withdrawal Event) could require us to make payments to the plan for our proportionate share of the plan s unfunded vested liabilities. During the course of operating our business, we incur Withdrawal Events regarding certain of the multiemployer pension plans in which we participate. We accrue for such events when losses become probable and reasonably estimable. 
 Unconditional Purchase Commitments 
 Royalties 
 We have entered into agreements to pay royalties to prior landowners or host communities, based on, among other things, revenue received and waste tonnage disposed at specified landfills. These royalties are generally payable quarterly and amounts incurred, but not paid, are accrued in our consolidated balance sheets. Royalties are accrued as revenue is received or tonnage is disposed of, as applicable, in the landfills. 
 Disposal Agreements 
 We have several agreements that require us to dispose of a minimum number of tons at third-party disposal facilities. Under these put-or-pay agreements, we must pay for agreed-upon minimum volumes regardless of the actual number of tons placed at the facilities. 
 112 

Table of Contents 
 REPUBLIC SERVICES, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

2024 2025 2026 2027 Thereafter 
 Cash and Cash Equivalents and Restricted Cash and Marketable Securities 
 Restricted cash and restricted cash equivalents are included with cash and cash equivalents when reconciling the beginning-of-period and end-of-period total amounts shown on the statements of cash flows. Restricted cash and marketable securities Less: restricted marketable securities ) ) ) Cash, cash equivalents, restricted cash and restricted cash equivalents 
 
 Capping, closure and post-closure obligations Insurance Total restricted cash and marketable securities 
 We must provide financial assurance to governmental agencies and a variety of other entities under applicable environmental regulations relating to our landfill operations for capping, closure and post-closure costs and our performance under certain collection, landfill and transfer station contracts. We satisfy our financial assurance requirements by providing surety bonds, letters of credit, insurance policies or trust deposits. The amount of the financial assurance requirements for capping, closure and post-closure costs is determined by applicable state environmental regulations, which vary by state. The financial assurance requirements for capping, closure and post-closure costs can either be for costs associated with a portion of the landfill or the entire landfill. Generally, states will require a third-party engineering specialist to determine the estimated capping, closure and post-closure costs that are used to determine the required amount of financial assurance for a landfill. The amount of financial assurance required can, and generally will, differ from the obligation determined and recorded under U.S. GAAP. The amount of the financial assurance requirements related to contract performance varies by contract. Additionally, we are required to provide financial assurance for our insurance program and collateral for certain performance obligations. 
 113 

Table of Contents 
 REPUBLIC SERVICES, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

Surety bonds 
 We had million and million of letters of credit outstanding under our Credit Facility as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Surety bonds subject to expiration will expire on various dates through 2029. 
 These financial instruments are issued in the normal course of business and are not classified as debt. Because we currently have no liability for this financial assurance, it is not reflected in our consolidated balance sheets. However, we have recorded capping, closure and post-closure obligations and insurance reserves as they are incurred. 
 We own a interest in a company that, among other activities, issues financial surety bonds to secure capping, closure and post-closure obligations for companies operating in the environmental services industry. We account for this investment using an alternative measurement approach. There have been no identified events or changes in circumstances that may have a significant adverse effect on the recoverability of this investment. This investee company and the parent company of the investee had written surety bonds for us relating primarily to our landfill operations for capping, closure and post-closure, of which million were outstanding as of December 31, 2022. Our reimbursement obligations under these bonds are secured by an indemnity agreement with the investee and a surety bond. 
 Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements 
 We have no off-balance sheet debt or similar obligations, other than short-term operating leases and financial assurances, which are not classified as debt. We have no transactions or obligations with related parties that are not disclosed, consolidated into or reflected in our reported financial position or results of operations. We have not guaranteed any third-party debt. 
 Guarantees 
 We enter into contracts in the normal course of business that include indemnification clauses. Indemnifications relating to known liabilities are recorded in the consolidated financial statements based on our best estimate of required future payments. Certain of these indemnifications relate to contingent events or occurrences, such as the imposition of additional taxes due to a change in the tax law or adverse interpretation of the tax law and indemnifications made in divestiture agreements where we indemnify the buyer for liabilities that relate to our activities prior to the divestiture and that may become known in the future. We do not believe that these contingent obligations will have a material effect on our consolidated financial position, results of operations or cash flows. 
 We have entered into agreements with property owners to guarantee the value of property that is adjacent to certain of our landfills. These agreements have varying terms. We do not believe that these contingent obligations will have a material effect on our consolidated financial position, results of operations or cash flows. 
 Other Matters 
 Our business activities are conducted in the context of a developing and changing statutory and regulatory framework. Governmental regulation of the environmental services industry requires us to obtain and retain numerous governmental permits to conduct various aspects of our operations. These permits are subject to revocation, modification or denial. The costs and other capital expenditures that may be required to obtain or retain the applicable permits or comply with applicable regulations could be significant. Any revocation, modification or denial of permits could have a material adverse effect on us. 
 
 ITEM 9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE 
 None. 
 
 ITEM 9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 
 REPORT OF MANAGEMENT ON REPUBLIC SERVICES, INC. S INTERNAL CONTROL OVER FINANCIAL REPORTING 
 We, as members of management of Republic Services, Inc., are responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting, as such term is defined in Exchange Act Rule 13a-15(f). Internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. Internal 
 114 

Table of Contents 

 control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect transactions and dispositions of our assets; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles and that our receipts and expenditures are being made only in accordance with authorizations of our management and directors; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of our assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 
 Because of its inherent limitations, our internal control systems and procedures may not prevent or detect misstatements. An internal control system, no matter how well conceived and operated, can provide only reasonable, not absolute, assurance that the objectives of the control system are met. Because of the inherent limitations in all control systems, no evaluation of controls can provide absolute assurance that all control issues and instances of fraud, if any, have been detected. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risks that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies and procedures may deteriorate. 
 We, under the supervision of and with the participation of our management, including the Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer and Chief Accounting Officer, assessed the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria for effective internal control over financial reporting described in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. Based on this assessment, we concluded that we maintained effective internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on the specified criteria. 
 Our internal control over financial reporting has been audited by Ernst Young LLP, an independent registered public accounting firm, as stated in their attestation report which is included herein. 
 Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
 We carried out an evaluation, under the supervision and with the participation of our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, of the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) as of the end of the period covered by this Annual Report. Based upon that evaluation, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were effective as of the end of the period covered by this Annual Report. 
 Changes in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 Based on an evaluation, under the supervision and with the participation of our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, there has been no change in our internal control over financial reporting during the quarter ended December 31, 2022 identified in connection with that evaluation, that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 
 In May 2022, we acquired all of the issued and outstanding equity of US Ecology. As permitted by the SEC Staff interpretive guidance for newly acquired businesses, management's assessment of our internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022 did not include an assessment of internal control over financial reporting as it relates to this acquisition. We will continue the process of implementing internal controls over financial reporting for this acquired business. US Ecology contributed approximately 6 of revenue for the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 
 ITEM 9B. OTHER INFORMATION 
 None. 
 
 ITEM 9C. DISCLOSURE REGARDING FOREIGN JURISDICTIONS THAT PREVENT INSPECTIONS 
 Not applicable. 
 115 

Table of Contents 

 PART III 

ITEM 10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 
 Information required by this item is incorporated by reference to the material appearing under the headings Proposal 1 - Election of Directors, Biographical Information Regarding Directors/Nominees, Board of Directors and Corporate Governance Matters, Delinquent Section 16(a) Reports and Executive Officers in the Proxy Statement for the 2023 Annual Meeting of Shareholders. 
 
 ITEM 11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 
 Information required by this item is incorporated by reference to the material appearing under the headings Executive Compensation and Director Compensation in the Proxy Statement for the 2023 Annual Meeting of Shareholders. 
 
 ITEM 12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS 
 Information required by this item is incorporated by reference to the material appearing under the headings Security Ownership of Five Percent Shareholders and Security Ownership of the Board of Directors and Management in the Proxy Statement for the 2023 Annual Meeting of Shareholders. 
 The following table sets forth certain information regarding equity compensation plans as of December 31, 2022 (number of securities in millions): Plan Category Number of 
 Securities 
 to be 
 Issued Upon 
 Exercise of 
 Outstanding 
 Options 
 and Rights (b) 
 Weighted Average 
 Exercise Price of 
 Outstanding 
 Options 
 and Rights (c) 
 Number of 
 Securities 
 Remaining 
 Available 
 for Future Issuance 
 Under Equity 
 Compensation 
 Plans (excluding 
 securities 
 reflected in 
 the first column) (d) 
 Equity compensation plans approved by security holders (a) 
 1.4 122.54 30.1 Equity compensation plans not approved by security holders Total 1.4 122.54 30.1 
 ____________ 
 (a) Includes our 2006 Plan, Amended and Restated 2007 Stock Incentive Plan, our 2018 Employee Stock Purchase Plan (ESPP) and our 2021 Stock Incentive Plan. 
 (b) Includes no stock options as all were exercised in 2020, 0.9 million shares underlying restricted stock units, 0.5 million shares underlying performance shares and less than 0.1 million shares underlying purchase rights that accrue under the ESPP. 
 (c) Excludes restricted stock units and performance shares as these awards do not have exercise prices. 
 (d) The shares remaining available for future issuances include 12.0 million shares under our 2021 Stock Incentive Plan and 2.5 million shares under our ESPP. No further awards will be granted under the Amended and Restated 2007 Stock Incentive Plan after December 31, 2020. 
 
 ITEM 13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 
 Information required by this item is incorporated by reference to the material appearing under the headings Board of Directors and Corporate Governance Matters and Certain Relationships and Related Party Transactions in the Proxy Statement for the 2023 Annual Meeting of Shareholders. 
 
 ITEM 14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING FEES AND SERVICES 
 Information required by this item is incorporated by reference to the material appearing under the heading Audit and Related Fees in the Proxy Statement for the 2023 Annual Meeting of Shareholders. 
 116 

Table of Contents 

 PART IV 

ITEM 15. EXHIBITS, FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES 
 (a) The following documents are filed as part of this report: 
 1. Financial Statements 
 Our consolidated financial statements are set forth under Part II, Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 2. Financial Statement Schedules 
 All schedules are omitted as the required information is not applicable or the information is presented in the consolidated financial statements and notes thereto in Part II, Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 3. Exhibits 
 The following exhibits are filed herewith or are incorporated by reference to exhibits previously filed with the SEC, as indicated in the description of each, File No. 1-14267 in the case of Republic and File No. 1-14705 and No. 0-19285 in the case of Allied, and File No. 1-06805 in the case of Browning-Ferris Industries, Inc. Exhibit 
 Number 
 Description 3.1 
 Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 of the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the period ended June 30, 1998). 
 3.2 
 Certificate of Amendment of Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of Republic Services, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 of the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-8, Registration No. 333-81801, filed with the Commission on June 29, 1999). 
 3.3 
 Amended and Restated Bylaws of Republic Services, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3. 1 of the Company's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the period ended September 30, 2022 ). 
 4.1 
 Republic Services, Inc. Common Stock Certificate (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.4 of the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-8, Registration No. 333-81801, filed with the Commission on June 29, 1999). 
 4.2 
 Indenture, dated as of August 15, 2001 between Republic Services, Inc. and The Bank of New York, as trustee, including the form of notes (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 of the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed August 16, 2001). 4. 3 
 Second Supplemental Indenture, dated as of March 21, 2005, to the Indenture dated as of August 15, 2001, by and between Republic Services, Inc. and The Bank of New York, as trustee, including the form of 6.086 Note due March 15, 2035 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 of the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2005). 
 4. 4 
 Indenture, dated as of September 8, 2009, by and between Republic Services, Inc. and The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A., as trustee (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 of the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K dated September 9, 2009). 
 4. 5 
 Third Supplemental Indenture, dated as of May 9, 2011, to the Indenture dated as of September 8, 2009, by and among Republic Services, Inc., the guarantors named therein and The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A., as trustee, including the form of 4.750 Notes due 2023 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 of the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K dated May 9, 2011). 4. 6 
 Fourth Supplemental Indenture, dated as of May 9, 2011, to the Indenture dated as of September 8, 2009, by and among Republic Services, Inc., the guarantors named therein and The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A., as trustee, including the form of 5.700 Notes due 2041 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.3 of the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K dated May 9, 2011). 4. 7 
 Indenture, dated as of November 25, 2009, by and between Republic Services, Inc. and U.S. Bank National Association, as trustee (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 of the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K dated November 25, 2009). 4. 8 
 Third Supplemental Indenture, dated as of March 4, 2010, to the Indenture dated as of November 25, 2009, by and among Republic Services, Inc., the guarantors named therein and U.S. Bank National Association, as trustee, including the form of 6.20 Notes due 2040 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 of the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K dated March 4, 2010). 4.9 
 Indenture, dated as of May 21, 2012, by and between Republic Services, Inc. and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as trustee (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 of the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K dated May 21, 2012). 
 117 

Table of Contents 

 Exhibit 
 Number 
 Description 4.1 0 
 Restated Indenture, dated as of September 1, 1991, by and between Browning-Ferris Industries, Inc. and First City, Texas-Houston, National Association, as trustee (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.22 of Allied s Registration Statement on Form S-4/A (No. 333-61744)). 4.1 1 
 First Supplemental Indenture, dated as of July 30, 1999, to the Restated Indenture dated as of September 1, 1991, by and among Allied Waste Industries, Inc., Allied Waste North America, Inc., Browning-Ferris Industries, Inc. and Chase Bank of Texas, National Association, as trustee (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.23 of Allied s Registration Statement on Form S-4/A (No. 333-61744)). 4.1 2 
 First [sic] Supplemental Indenture, dated as of December 31, 2004, to the Restated Indenture dated as of September 1, 1991, by and among Browning-Ferris Industries, Inc., BBCO, Inc. and JP Morgan Chase Bank, National Association as trustee (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.33 of Allied s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2004). 4.1 3 
 Third Supplemental Indenture, dated as of December 5, 2008, to the Restated Indenture dated as of September 1, 1991, by and among Allied Waste Industries, Inc., Allied Waste North America, Inc., Browning-Ferris Industries, LLC (successor to Browning-Ferris Industries, Inc.), BBCO, Inc., Republic Services, Inc., the guarantors party thereto and The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A., as trustee (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 of the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K dated December 10, 2008). 4.1 4 
 Fourth Supplemental Indenture, dated as of March 11, 2015, to the Indenture, dated as of November 25, 2009, between Republic Services, Inc. and U.S. Bank National Association, as trustee, including the form of 3.20 Notes due 2025 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 of the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K dated March 11, 2015). 4. 15 
 Fifth Supplemental Indenture, dated as of July 5, 2016, to the Indenture, dated as of November 25, 2009, between Republic Services, Inc. and U.S. Bank National Association, as trustee, including the form of 2.900 Notes due 2026 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 of the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K dated July 5, 2016). 4. 16 
 Sixth Supplemental Indenture, dated as of November 16, 2017, between Republic Services, Inc. and U.S. Bank National Association, as trustee, including the form of 3.375 Notes due 2027 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 of the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K dated November 15, 2017). 4.17 
 Form of Browning-Ferris Industries, Inc. 7.4 Debentures due 2035 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4 of Browning-Ferris Industries, Inc.'s Current Report on Form 8-K dated September 15, 1995). 4. 18 
 Credit Agreement, dated as of June 8, 2018, by and among Republic Services, Inc., as Borrower, Bank of America, N.A., as Administrative Agent, Swing Line Lender and L/C Issuer, and the other lenders party thereto (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 of the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K dated June 11, 2018). 4. 19 
 Amendment No.1, dated as of May 18, 2020, to Credit Agreement, dated as of June 8, 2018, by and among Republic Services, Inc., as Borrower, Bank of America, N.A., as Administrative Agent, Swing Line Lender and L/C Issuer, and the other lenders party thereto (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 of the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K dated May 21, 2020). 
 4.2 0 
 Amendment No. 2, dated as of July 14, 2020, to Credit Agreement, dated as of June 8, 2018, as amended, by and among Republic Services, Inc., as Borrower, Bank of America, N.A., as Administrative Agent, Swing Line Lender and L/C Issuer, and the other lenders party thereto (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 of the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K dated July 17, 2020). 4.2 1 
 Amendment No. 3, dated as of August 25, 2020, to Credit Agreement, dated as of June 8, 2018, as amended, by and among Republic Services, Inc., as Borrower, Bank of America, N.A., as Administrative Agent, Swing Line Lender and L/C Issuer, and the other lenders party thereto (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 of the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K dated August 27, 2020). 
 4.2 2 
 Credit Agreement, dated as of August 25, 2020, by and among Republic Services, Inc., as Borrower, Bank of America, N.A., as Administrative Agent, and the other lenders party thereto (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 of the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K dated August 27, 2020). 
 4.2 3 
 Seventh Supplemental Indenture, dated as of May 14, 2018, between Republic Services, Inc. and U.S. Bank National Association, as trustee, including the form of 3.950 Notes due 2028 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 of the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K dated May 3, 2018). 4.2 4 
 Limited consent (2018 Credit Agreement), dated as of August 21, 2019, by and among Republic Services, Inc., as Borrower, Bank of America, N.A., as Administrative Agent, Swing Line Lender and an L/C Issuer, and the lenders party thereto (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 of the Company's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2019). 4.25 
 Description of Securities Registered Under Section 12 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.23 of the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2019). 
 
 118 

Table of Contents 

 Exhibit 
 Number 
 Description 4.26 
 Eighth Supplemental Indenture, dated as of August 7, 2019, between Republic Services, Inc. and U.S. Bank National Association, as trustee, including the form of 2.500 Notes due 2024 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 of the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K dated August 1, 2019). 4.27 
 Ninth Supplemental Indenture, dated as of February 27, 2020, between Republic Services, Inc. and U.S. Bank National Association, as trustee, including the form of 2.300 Notes due 2030 and the form of 3.050 Notes due 2050 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 of the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K dated February 21, 2020). 4.28 
 Tenth Supplemental Indenture, dated as of August 20, 2020, between Republic Services, Inc. and U.S. Bank National Association, as trustee, including the form of 1.450 Notes due 2031 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 of the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K dated August 13, 2020). 4.29 
 Eleventh Supplemental Indenture, dated as of November 24, 2020, between Republic Services, Inc. and U.S. Bank National Association, as trustee, including the form of 0.875 Notes due 2025 and the form of 1.750 Notes due 2032 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 of the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K dated November 12, 2020). 4.30 
 Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, dated as of August 17, 2021, by and among Republic Services, Inc., as Borrower, Bank of America, N.A., as Administrative Agent, Swing Line Lender and L/C Issuer, and the other lenders party thereto (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 of the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K dated August 23, 2021). 4.31 
 Twelfth Supplemental Indenture, dated as of November 8, 2021, between Republic Services, Inc. and U.S. Bank National Association, as trustee, including the form of 2.375 Notes due 2033 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 of the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K dated November 4, 2021). 4. 32 
 Form of Commercial Paper Dealer Agreement--4(a)(2) Program, dated as of May 25, 2022, between Republic Services, Inc. and the applicable dealer party thereto (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K filed September 1, 2022). 10.1+ 
 Republic Services, Inc. Amended and Restated 2007 Stock Incentive Plan effective May 12, 2011 (incorporated by reference to Appendix A of the Company s Proxy Statement on Schedule 14A filed on April 1, 2011). 10.2+ 
 Republic Services, Inc. Executive Incentive Plan, as amended and restated effective October 26, 2020 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2020). 10. 3+ 
 Form of Employee Restricted Stock Unit Agreement under the Republic Services, Inc. Amended and Restated 2007 Stock Incentive Plan (for awards on or after December 27, 2011) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K dated December 27, 2011). 10. 4 + 
 Form of Non-Employee Director Restricted Stock Unit Agreement (annual vesting) under the Republic Services, Inc. Amended and Restated 2007 Stock Incentive Plan (for awards on or after December 27, 2011) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 of the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K dated December 27, 2011). 10. 5 + 
 Form of Non-Employee Director Restricted Stock Unit Agreement (3 year vesting) under the Republic Services, Inc. Amended and Restated 2007 Stock Incentive Plan (for awards on or after December 27, 2011) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 of the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K dated December 27, 2011). 10. 6 + 
 Republic Services, Inc. Deferred Compensation Plan, as amended and restated effective January 1, 2010 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.4 of the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-8, Registration No. 333-170174, filed with the SEC on October 27, 2010). 10. 7 + 
 Amendment No. 1 to Republic Services, Inc. Deferred Compensation Plan, effective January 6, 2011 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.17 of the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2010). 10. 8 + 
 Republic Services, Inc. Amended and Restated Executive Incentive Plan, effective February 4, 2014 (incorporated by reference to Appendix A of the Company s Proxy Statement on Schedule 14A filed on March 26, 2014). 10. 9 
 Republic Services, Inc. Executive Separation Policy, as amended as of February 8, 2023 10. 1 0 + 
 Amendment No. 2 to Republic Services, Inc. Deferred Compensation Plan, effective February 7, 2012 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 of the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2012). 10. 1 1 + 
 Republic Services, Inc. Amended and Restated 2007 Stock Incentive Plan effective May 9, 2013 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2013). 
 119 

Table of Contents 

 Exhibit 
 Number 
 Description 10. 1 2 + 
 Amendment No. 3 to Republic Services, Inc. Deferred Compensation Plan, effective October 29, 2013 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 of the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2013). 10. 1 3 + 
 Amended and Restated Clawback Policy, dated February 24, 2022 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of the Company's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2022). 10. 1 4 + 
 Form of Performance Share Agreement, adopted January 7, 2015 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K dated January 9, 2015). 10. 1 5 + 
 Form of Employee Restricted Stock Unit Agreement - Senior Executive, adopted January 7, 2015 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 of the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K dated January 9, 2015). 10. 1 6 + 
 Amendment No. 4 to Republic Services, Inc. Deferred Compensation Plan, effective January 1, 2015 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.53 of the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2014). 10 . 17 + 
 Offer Letter, dated July 25, 2016, by and between Catharine D. Ellingsen and Republic Services, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.37 of the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K dated February 16, 2017). 10. 18 + 
 Non-Competition, Non-Solicitation, Confidentiality and Arbitration Agreement, effective June 13, 2016, by and between Catharine D. Ellingsen and Republic Services, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.38 of the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K dated February 16, 2017). 10. 19 + 
 Republic Services, Inc. 2018 Employee Stock Purchase Plan (incorporated by reference to Annex A of the Company s Proxy Statement on Schedule 14A filed on March 29, 2018). 10.2 0 + 
 Offer Letter, dated April 29, 2019, by and between Jon Vander Ark and Republic Services, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2019). 10.2 1 + 
 Offer Letter, dated April 29, 2019, by and between Timothy Stuart and Republic Services, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 of the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2019). 10.2 2 + 
 Non-Competition, Non-Solicitation, Confidentiality and Arbitration Agreement, effective May 1, 2019, by and between Timothy Stuart and Republic Services, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 of the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2019). 10.2 3 + 
 Offer letter, dated May 29, 2020, by and between Brian DelGhiaccio and Republic Services, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2020). 10.2 4 + 
 Non-Competition, Non-Solicitation, and Confidentiality Agreement, effective June 1, 2020, by and between Brian DelGhiaccio and Republic Services, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2020). 10.2 5 + 
 Offer letter, dated March 26, 2021, by and between Jon Vander Ark and Republic Services, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of the Company's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2021). 10.2 6 + 
 Non-Competition, Non-Solicitation, Confidentiality, and Arbitration Agreement, effective June 25, 2021, by and between Jon Vander Ark and Republic Services, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 of the Company's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2021). 10. 27 + 
 Republic Services, Inc. 2021 Stock Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.30 of the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2020). 10. 28 + 
 Form of Performance Share Agreement (Executive Officer) under the Republic Services, Inc. 2021 Stock Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.31 of the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2020). 10. 29 + 
 Form of Performance Share Agreement (Other Executive) under the Republic Services, Inc. 2021 Stock Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.32 of the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2020). 10.3 0 + 
 Form of Performance Share Agreement (Non-Executive Officer EVP) under the Republic Services, Inc. 2021 Stock Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.33 of the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2020). 10.3 1 + 
 Form of Employee Restricted Stock Unit Agreement (Senior Executive) under the Republic Services, Inc. 2021 Stock Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.34 of the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2020). 
 120 

Table of Contents 

 Exhibit 
 Number 
 Description 10.3 2 + 
 Form of Employee Restricted Stock Unit Agreement (Senior Executive, Cliff Vesting) under the Republic Services, Inc. 2021 Stock Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.35 of the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2020). 10.3 3 + 
 Form of Employee Restricted Stock Unit Agreement (Other Employees) under the Republic Services, Inc. 2021 Stock Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.36 of the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2020). 21.1 
 Subsidiaries of the Company. 23.1 
 Consent of Ernst Young LLP. 31.1 
 Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) Certification of Chief Executive Officer. 31.2 
 Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) Certification of Chief Financial Officer. 32.1 
 Section 1350 Certification of Chief Executive Officer. 32.2 
 Section 1350 Certification of Chief Financial Officer. 101.INS XBRL Instance Document. - the instance document does not appear in the Interactive Data File because its XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document. 101.SCH XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document. 101.CAL XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document. 101.LAB XBRL Taxonomy Extension Labels Linkbase Document. 101.PRE XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document. 101.DEF XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document. 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101). 
 Filed herewith. 
 This exhibit is being furnished rather than filed and shall not be deemed incorporated by reference into any filing, in accordance with Item 601 of Regulation S-K. 
 + Indicates a management or compensatory plan or arrangement. 
 Pursuant to Item 601(b)(4)(iii)(A) of Regulation S-K, the Company has not filed as exhibits to this Form 10-K certain long-term debt instruments under which the total amount of securities authorized does not exceed 10 of the total assets of the Company and its subsidiaries on a consolidated basis. The Company hereby agrees to furnish a copy of any such instrument to the SEC upon request. 
 
 ITEM 16. FORM 10-K SUMMARY 
 None. 
 
 121 

Table of Contents 

 Signatures 
 Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 
 Date: February 21, 2023 REPUBLIC SERVICES, INC. By: /s/ JON VANDER ARK Jon Vander Ark President and Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the Registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 
 Signature Title Date /s/ JON VANDER ARK President, Chief Executive Officer and Director (Principal Executive Officer) February 21, 2023 Jon Vander Ark /s/ BRIAN D EL GHIACCIO 
 Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer) February 21, 2023 Brian D el Ghiaccio 
 /s/ BRIAN A. GOEBEL Vice President and Chief Accounting Officer (Principal Accounting Officer) February 21, 2023 Brian A. Goebel /s/ MANUEL KADRE Chairman of the Board of Directors February 21, 2023 Manuel Kadre /s/ TOMAGO COLLINS Director February 21, 2023 Tomago Collins /s/ MICHAEL A. DUFFY Director February 21, 2023 Michael A. Duffy /s/ THOMAS W. HANDLEY Director February 21, 2023 Thomas W. Handley /s/ JENNIFER M. KIRK Director February 21, 2023 Jennifer M. Kirk /s/ MICHAEL LARSON Director February 21, 2023 Michael Larson Director February 21, 2023 Kim S. Pegula 
 122 

Table of Contents 

 /s/ JAMES P. SNEE Director February 21, 2023 James P. Snee /s/ BRIAN S. TYLER Director February 21, 2023 Brian S. Tyler /s/ SANDRA M. VOLPE Director February 21, 2023 Sandra M. Volpe /s/ KATHARINE B. WEYMOUTH Director February 21, 2023 Katharine B. Weymouth 
 
 123 

<EX-10.09>
 2
 exhibit1009republicexecuti.htm
 EX-10.09

Document 

EXHIBIT 10.09 
 
 EXECUTIVE SEPARATION POLICY 
 (Effective February 8, 2023) 
 
 Section 1 Purpose. Republic Services, Inc., its subsidiaries and affiliated and related entities (collectively, the Company seeks to attract and retain the most qualified and capable professionals to serve in key executive positions to maximize the value of the Company for the benefit of the Company s stockholders. To achieve this goal, the Company has established an Executive Separation Policy to provide such employees with financial security and sufficient incentive to accept and continue employment. This Policy describes the compensation and benefits that the Company will provide to key executives under certain circumstances if their employment ends. The Company also seeks to ensure that the separation process is handled professionally and efficiently. 
 
 Section 2 Covered Employees . This Policy applies to all Executive Officers of Republic Services, Inc. It also applies to (i) Executive Vice Presidents EVP ), (ii) Senior Vice Presidents SVP ), (iii) Vice Presidents VP ), and (iv) Area Presidents AP (collectively, Other Executives other than Executive Officers. Executive Officers and Other Executives under this Policy will be referred to collectively as Covered Executives. 
 
 The Talent & Compensation Committee of the Company s Board of Directors (the Committee may designate other persons holding other executive positions as Covered Executives under this Policy. Upon such designation, the Committee will specify the executive position category to be used under this Policy to determine the level of compensation and benefits to be provided to the Covered Executive under this Policy. 
 
 Notwithstanding any provision in this Policy to the contrary, this Policy does not apply to any Covered Executive if the Covered Executive has an employment agreement, offer letter, or other agreement with the Company which governs the terms and conditions applicable to the Covered Executive s separation from the Company and is in effect immediately prior to his or her termination of employment Employment Agreement ). 
 
 Section 3 Employment Separation. 
 
 Section 3.1 Termination by Executive. The Covered Executive may terminate his or her employment relationship with the Company for any reason. If the Covered Executive terminates his or her employment for any reason, the Covered Executive will be entitled to all earned but unpaid compensation for time worked through the termination date, to be paid by the Company within ten (10) days after the termination date. 
 
 Section 3.2 Termination by Company for Cause. The Company may terminate the Covered Executive s employment for Cause. If such termination occurs, the Covered Executive will be entitled to all earned but unpaid compensation for time worked through the termination date, to be paid by the Company within ten (10) days after the termination date. 
 
 Section 3.3 Termination Without Cause. The Company may terminate the Covered Executive s employment Without Cause. If the Company terminates the Covered Executive s employment Without Cause, the Company will provide the following compensation and benefits 
 
 1. To an Executive Officer 
 
 a. All earned but unpaid compensation for the time the Executive Officer worked through the termination date, to be paid within ten (10) days after the termination date. 
 
 b. An amount equal to twenty-four (24) months of the Executive Officer s then-current base salary in equal bi-weekly installments over the twenty-four (24) month period beginning on the bi-weekly payroll date on or following the sixtieth (60th) day after the termination date or such later date as required under Section 4.1. 
 
 c. An amount equal to a prorated annual incentive award. The amount of the prorated annual incentive award will equal the amount of the annual incentive award, if any, to which the Executive Officer would have been entitled under the Company s Executive Incentive Plan (as modified by this Policy) if the Executive Officer was employed by the Company on the last day of the year that includes the termination date, multiplied by a fraction equal to the number of completed calendar months of employment which have elapsed in such year through the termination date divided by twelve (12). Such amount, if any, will be paid at the same time as annual incentive awards are paid to similarly situated actively-employed Executive Officers. 
 
 d. Except as provided in Section 3.3(a)(5), the Executive Officer s equity awards, including, without limitation, 
 restricted stock unit (RSU) awards (other than cliff-vesting RSUs), that remain outstanding as of the termination date will continue to vest (and, for stock option and stock appreciation rights awards, be exercisable) as if the Executive Officer was 
 1 

employed during the one (1)-year period following the termination date (or, if less, the remainder of the original term of the award). RSUs subject to cliff vesting shall vest upon a termination Without Cause in accordance with the terms of the applicable award agreement. 
 
 e. The Executive Officer s performance-based equity awards, including, without limitation, performance share and performance unit (PSU) awards, that remain outstanding as of the termination date will vest on a pro-rated basis based on the product of (i) earned performance shares and (ii) a fraction, the numerator of which is the number of months of the performance period which have elapsed from the first day of the performance period to the end of the month of the termination date, and the denominator of which is the total number of months in the performance period. 
 
 f. If the Executive Officer and or the Executive Officer s spouse and dependents are enrolled in the Company s group health plan(s) as of the termination date, the Executive Officer and or the Executive Officer s spouse and dependents may elect to continue coverage under such plans pursuant to the Consolidated Omnibus Budget Reconciliation Act of 1985, as amended COBRA ). In such a case, the Company will subsidize (on an after-tax basis) the applicable COBRA premiums, such that the Executive Officer and or the Executive Officer s spouse and dependents will continue to participate in the Company s group health plan(s) on a COBRA continuation coverage basis at the same cost applicable to similarly situated actively-employed Executive Officers. Such coverage (and the Company s subsidy of the coverage) will continue until the earlier of (i) the date the Executive Officer and or the Executive Officer s spouse and dependents, as applicable, are no longer eligible for COBRA continuation coverage under the Company s group health plans (other than by reason of the exhaustion of eighteen (18) months of COBRA continuation coverage), or (ii) the second anniversary of the termination date. 
 
 2. To an Other Executive 
 
 a. All earned but unpaid compensation for the time the Other Executive worked through the termination date, to be paid within ten (10) days after the termination date. 
 
 b. An amount equal to twelve (12) months of the Other Executive s then-current base salary in equal bi-weekly installments over a twelve (12) month period beginning on the bi-weekly payroll date following the sixtieth (60 th day after the termination date or such later date as required under Section 4.1. 
 
 c. An amount equal to a prorated annual incentive award. The amount of the prorated annual incentive award will equal the amount of the annual incentive award, if any, to which the Other Executive would have been entitled under the Company s Executive Incentive Plan or Management Incentive Plan, as applicable (as modified by this Policy) if the Other Executive was employed by the Company on the last day of the year that includes the termination date, multiplied by a fraction equal to the number of completed calendar months of employment which have elapsed in such year through the termination date divided by twelve (12). Such amount, if any, will be paid at the same time as annual incentive awards are paid to similarly situated actively-employed Other Executives. 
 
 d. Except as provided in Section 3.3(b)(5), the Other Executive s equity awards, including, without limitation, RSU awards (other than cliff-vesting RSUs), that remain outstanding as of the termination date will continue to vest (and, for stock option and stock appreciation rights awards, be exercisable) as if the Other Executive was employed during the one (1)-year period following the termination date (or, if less, the remainder of the original term of the award). RSUs subject to cliff vesting shall vest upon a termination Without Cause in accordance with the terms of the applicable award agreement. 
 
 e. The Other Executive s performance-based equity awards, including, without limitation, PSU awards, that remain outstanding as of the termination date will vest on a pro-rated basis based on the product of (i) earned performance shares and (ii) a fraction, the numerator of which is the number of months of the performance period which have elapsed from the first day of the performance period to the end of the month of the termination date, and the denominator of which is the total number of months in the performance period. 
 
 f. If the Other Executive and or the Other Executive s spouse and dependents are enrolled in the Company s group health plan(s) as of the termination date, the Other Executive and or the Other Executive s spouse and dependents may elect to continue coverage under such plans pursuant to COBRA. In such a case, the Company will subsidize (on an after-tax basis) the applicable COBRA premiums, such that the Other Executive and or the Other Executive s spouse and dependents will continue to participate in the Company s group health plan(s) on a COBRA continuation coverage basis at the same cost applicable to similarly situated actively-employed Other Executives. The Company s subsidy of such COBRA continuation coverage will continue until the earlier of (i) the date the Other Executive or the Other Executive s spouse or dependents, as applicable, are no longer eligible for COBRA continuation coverage under the Company s group health plans, or (ii) the first anniversary of the termination date. 
 
 Section 3.4 Impact of Change in Control. If within one (1) year after a Change in Control, the Company terminates the Covered Executive s employment Without Cause or the Covered Executive resigns for Good Reason, the Company will provide the following compensation and benefits in lieu of the compensation and benefits set forth in Section 3.3 
 2 

1. To an Executive Officer 
 
 a. All earned but unpaid compensation for the time the Executive Officer worked through the termination date, to be paid within ten (10) days after the termination date. 
 
 b. On the bi-weekly payroll date following the sixtieth (60 th day after the termination date or such later date as required under Section 4.1, a lump sum amount equal to (i) two (2) years of the Executive Officer s then-current base salary, and (ii) two times (2x) the Executive Officer s target annual incentive award, if any, as such target is set under the Company s Executive Incentive Plan, for the year in which the termination date occurs. 
 
 c. Except as provided in Section 3.4(a)(4), the Executive Officer s equity awards, including, without limitation, RSU awards, that remain outstanding as of the termination date will become one hundred percent (100 fully vested on the termination date. The Executive Officer s vested stock option and stock appreciation rights awards on the termination date shall be and remain exercisable for twelve (12) months following the termination date, but not beyond the original term of the award. 
 
 d. The Executive Officer s performance-based equity awards, including, without limitation, PSU awards, that remain outstanding as of the termination date will immediately vest without proration as if all target performance levels had been met, as such targets are set under the Company s Executive Incentive Plan, and will be paid at target by the Company to the Executive Officer (unless previously paid) at such time as the Company would have been required to make such payments if the termination of employment had not occurred. 
 
 e. If the Executive Officer and or the Executive Officer s spouse and dependents are enrolled in the Company s group health plan(s) as of the termination date, the Executive Officer and or the Executive Officer s spouse and dependents may elect to continue coverage under such plans pursuant to COBRA. In such a case, the Company will subsidize (on an after-tax basis) the applicable COBRA premiums, such that the Executive Officer and or the Executive Officer s spouse and dependents will continue to participate in the Company s group health plan(s) on a COBRA continuation coverage basis at the same cost applicable to similarly situated actively-employed Executive Officers. Such coverage (and the Company s subsidy of the coverage) will continue until the earlier of (i) the date the Executive Officer and or the Executive Officer s spouse and dependents, as applicable, are no longer eligible for COBRA continuation coverage under the Company s group health plans (other than by reason of the exhaustion of eighteen (18) months of COBRA continuation coverage), or (ii) the second anniversary of the termination date. 
 
 2. To an EVP or SVP 
 
 a. All earned but unpaid compensation for the time the EVP SVP worked through the termination date, to be paid within ten (10) days after the termination date. 
 
 b. On the bi-weekly payroll date following the sixtieth (60 th day after the termination date or such later date as required under Section 4.1, a lump sum amount equal to (i) two (2) years of the EVP s SVP s then-current base salary, and (ii) two times (2x) the EVP s SVP s target annual incentive award, if any, as such target is set under the Company s Executive Incentive Plan or Management Incentive Plan, as applicable, for the year in which the termination date occurs. 
 
 c. Except as provided in Section 3.4(b)(4), the EVP s SVP s equity awards, including, without limitation, RSU awards, that remain outstanding as of the termination date will become one hundred percent (100 fully vested on the termination date. The EVP s SVP s vested stock option and stock appreciation rights awards on the termination date shall be and remain exercisable for twelve (12) months following the termination date, but not beyond the original term of the award. 
 
 d. The EVP s SVP s performance-based equity awards, including, without limitation, PSU awards, that remain outstanding as of the termination date will immediately vest without proration as if all target performance levels had been met, as such targets are set under the Company s Executive Incentive Plan or Management Incentive Plan, as applicable, and will be paid at target by the Company to the EVP SVP (unless previously paid) at such time as the Company would have been required to make such payments if the termination of employment had not occurred. 
 
 e. If the EVP SVP and or EVP s SVP s spouse and dependents are enrolled in the Company s group health plan(s) as of the termination date, the EVP SVP and or the EVP s SVP s spouse and dependents may elect to continue coverage under such plans pursuant to COBRA. In such a case, the Company will subsidize (on an after-tax basis) the applicable COBRA premiums, such that the EVP SVP and or the EVP s SVP s spouse and dependents will continue to participate in the Company s group health plan(s) on a COBRA continuation coverage basis at the same cost applicable to similarly situated actively-employed EVPs or SVPs (as applicable). Such coverage (and the Company s subsidy of the coverage) will continue until the earlier of (i) the date the EVP SVP and or the EVP s SVP s spouse and dependents, as applicable, are no longer eligible for COBRA continuation coverage under the Company s group health plans (other than by reason of the exhaustion of eighteen (18) months of COBRA continuation coverage), or (ii) the second anniversary of the termination date. 
 3 

3. To a VP or AP 
 
 a. All earned but unpaid compensation for the time VP AP worked through the termination date, to be paid within ten (10) days after the termination date. 
 
 b. On the bi-weekly payroll date following the sixtieth (60 th day after the termination date or such later date as required under Section 4.1, a lump sum amount equal to (i) one (1) year of the VP s AP s then-current base salary, and (ii) one times (1x) the VP s AP s target annual incentive award, if any, as such target is set under the Company s Management Incentive Plan, for the year in which the termination date occurs. 
 
 c. Except as provided in Section 3.4(c)(4), the VP s AP s equity awards, including, without limitation, RSU awards, that remain outstanding as of the termination date will become one hundred percent (100 fully vested on the termination date. The VP s AP s vested stock option and stock appreciation rights awards on the termination date shall be and remain exercisable for twelve (12) months following the termination date, but not beyond the original term of the award. 
 
 d. The VP s AP s performance-based equity awards, including, without limitation, PSU awards, that remain outstanding as of the termination date will immediately vest without proration as if all target performance levels had been met, as such targets are set under the Company s Management Incentive Plan, and will be paid at target by the Company to the VP AP (unless previously paid) at such time as the Company would have been required to make such payments if the termination of employment had not occurred. 
 
 e. If the VP AP and or the VP AP s spouse and dependents are enrolled in the Company s group health plan(s) as of the termination date, the VP AP and or the VP s AP s spouse and dependents may elect to continue coverage under such plans pursuant to COBRA. In such a case, the Company will subsidize (on an after-tax basis) the applicable COBRA premiums, such that the VP AP and or the VP s AP s spouse and dependents will continue to participate in the Company s group health plan(s) on a COBRA continuation coverage basis at the same cost applicable to similarly situated actively-employed VPs or APs (as applicable). The Company s subsidy of such COBRA continuation coverage will continue until the earlier of (i) the date the VP AP or the VP s AP s spouse or dependents, as applicable, are no longer eligible for COBRA continuation coverage under the Company s group health plans, or (ii) the first anniversary of the termination date. 
 
 Section 3.5 Eligibility Conditions. The Company s obligations to provide any separation benefits under this Policy are contingent upon the following 
 
 1. Covered Executive s execution of the following documents in such form as provided by the Company and within the 
 time required by the Company 
 
 a. a valid, enforceable, full and unconditional release of all claims whether known or unknown that the Covered Executive may have against the Company, its officers, fiduciaries, directors, agents, and other employees as of the termination date and 
 
 b. the Company s Noncompetition, Non-Solicitation, Confidentiality, and Arbitration Agreement. 
 
 2. After the Covered Executive s termination date, except as required by applicable law or in the context of a legal 
 proceeding, the Covered Executive will not directly or indirectly (1) disparage or say or write negative things about the Company, its officers, directors, agents, or other employees (2) initiate or participate in any discussion or communication that reflects negatively on the Company, its officers, directors, agents, or other employees or (3) engage in any other activity that the Company considers detrimental to its interests. For purposes of this Policy, a disparaging or negative statement is any communication, oral or written, which would tend to cause the recipient of the communication to question the business condition, integrity, competence, fairness, or good character of the person or entity to which the communication relates. 
 
 3. After the termination date, the Covered Executive s reasonable assistance and cooperation with the Company 
 concerning business or legal related matters about which Covered Executive possesses relevant knowledge or information. Such cooperation will be provided only at the Company s specific request and will include, but not be limited to, assisting or advising the Company with respect to any business-related matters or any actual or threatened legal action (including testifying in depositions, hearings, and or trials). In addition, the Covered Executive agrees to promptly inform the Company (by telephonic or written communication to Republic Services, Inc., Legal Department, 18500 North Allied Way, Phoenix, AZ 85054, phone number 480-627-2714) if any person or business contacts Covered Executive in an effort to obtain information about the Company. 
 
 4. The Company s obligation to pay compensation and benefits under this Policy will cease immediately if the Company 
 determines that Covered Executive failed to comply with any of the foregoing conditions. 

4 

Section 4 Tax Provisions. 
 
 Section 4.1 Section 409A. For purposes of this Policy a termination of employment means a separation from service as defined under Section 409A of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the Code and the accompanying Treasury Regulations. If at the time of the employment termination the Covered Executive is a specified employee as defined in Section 409A, and the deferral of the commencement of any payments or benefits otherwise payable as a result of such employment termination is necessary to avoid the additional tax under Section 409A, the Company will defer the payment or commencement of the payment of any such payments or benefits (without any reduction in such payments or benefits ultimately paid or provided to the Covered Executive) until the first bi-weekly payroll date that is at least six (6) months following the employment termination. Any amounts deferred will be accumulated and paid to the Covered Executive (without interest) on the first bi-weekly payroll date that is at least six (6) months after the employment termination in a lump sum, and the balance of payments due to the Covered Executive will be paid as otherwise provided in this Policy. Each bi-weekly payment will be designated as a separate payment for purposes of Section 409A. In the event that the Covered Executive is eligible to receive continuation of medical, dental and or vision benefits under this Policy for a period of more than eighteen (18) months, such benefits will meet the following requirements (a) the amount of expenses eligible for reimbursement provided to Covered Executive during any calendar year will not affect the amount of expenses eligible for reimbursement or in-kind benefits provided to Covered Executive in any other calendar year, (b) the reimbursements for expenses for which Covered Executive is entitled to be reimbursed will be made on or before the last day of the calendar year following the calendar year in which the applicable expense is incurred, and (c) the right to reimbursement or in-kind benefits may not be liquidated or exchanged for any other benefit. This Policy will be interpreted and administered in accordance with Section 409A, although nothing in this Policy will be construed as an entitlement to or guarantee of any particular tax treatment to the Covered Executive. Notwithstanding the foregoing, in no event will the Company, or any director, officer, employee, representative or agent thereof, be responsible for the payment of any tax or penalty arising from a violation of Section 409A. 
 
 Section 4.2 Section 280G. In the event that any payment, deemed payment or other benefit pursuant to this Policy, together with any other payment, deemed payment or other benefit the Covered Executive may receive under any other plan, program, policy, arrangement or agreement (collectively, Payment would (a) constitute an excess parachute payment under Section 280G of the Code (an Excess Parachute Payment ), and (b) but for this Section 4.2 would result in the imposition on the Covered Executive of an excise tax under Section 4999 of the Code or similar provision of state or local law (the Excise Tax ), then the Payment made to the Covered Executive shall either be (1) delivered in full, or (2) delivered in such reduced amount resulting in no portion of such Payment being subject to the Excise Tax, whichever of the foregoing amounts, taking into account the applicable federal, state and local income taxes and the Excise Tax, that results in the receipt by the Covered Executive on an after-tax basis of the greatest amount of Payment, notwithstanding that all or some portion of such Payment may be taxable under Section 4999. In the event of a reduction as described in (2) above, the Covered Executive s cash payments under this Policy shall be reduced to the extent necessary starting with the earliest scheduled payment, and such reduction shall not affect the timing of any payments that are not reduced. 
 
 Section 5 Miscellaneous. 
 
 Section 5.1 ERISA Provisions. This Policy is intended to qualify as an employee welfare benefit plan, as described in U.S. Department of Labor DOL Regulation Section 2510.3-2(b), and as a top hat welfare plan within the meaning of DOL Regulation Section 2520.104-24. 
 
 Section 5.2 Governing Law. The rights and obligations of the Covered Executives and the Company under this Policy will be governed and interpreted in accordance with the internal laws of the State of Arizona without regard to choice of law principles and to the extent not preempted by Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended ERISA ). 
 
 Section 5.3 Integration. Except as provided in Section 2, this Policy replaces all previous arrangements between the Covered Executive and the Company, including, without limitation, any version of this Policy in effect prior to February 8, 2023. This Policy constitutes the entire understanding between the Covered Executive and the Company with respect to compensation and benefits upon a covered termination of employment. 
 
 Section 5.4 Reservation of Rights. Prior to a Change in Control, this Policy may be modified from time to time, or terminated in its entirety, in the sole discretion of the Committee. Any modifications made by the Committee for any Covered Executive will apply to all Covered Executives in the same executive position category for purposes of this Policy. Any modifications or the termination of this Policy will not affect the rights of Covered Executives whose termination date preceded the modification or termination. The Committee will have discretion to construe and interpret this Policy, including with respect to eligibility for compensation and benefits under this Policy, and its decisions will be final and binding on the Company, the Covered Executive and all other interested persons. 
 
 Section 5.5 Withholding. All payments to a Covered Executive will be reduced by any required withholdings of taxes. 
 
 5 

Section 5.6 Assignment and Transfer. The Covered Executive s rights and obligations under this Policy may not be assigned or transferred. 
 
 Section 5.7 Claims Procedure. 
 
 1. If a Covered Executive (or, in the event of a Covered Executive s death, the Covered Executive s beneficiary) (a 
 Claimant believes that he or she is entitled to receive compensation or benefits under this Policy, the Claimant must submit a claim in writing to the Company s Benefits Committee (or, in the case of an Executive Officer or the beneficiary of an Executive Officer, to the Committee). If the Benefits Committee (or the Committee, as applicable) denies the claim, the Claimant will be notified, in writing, within ninety (90) days (or one hundred eighty (180) days under special circumstances) after the Benefits Committee (or the Committee, as applicable) receives notice of the claim. The notification will include the specific reasons why the claim was denied, specific references to the Policy provisions on which the denial is based, a description of any additional material or information the Claimant must provide to perfect the claim and why the information is needed, and a description of the Policy s review procedures and the time limits applicable to such procedures, including a statement of the Claimant s rights to bring a civil action. 
 
 2. A Claimant may request review of a denied claim by filing a written request with the Committee within sixty (60) days 
 after receipt of notification that the claim has been denied. The Claimant may submit issues and comments at this time. The Claimant will be afforded a full and fair review by the Committee that does not give deference to the initial determination. The Claimant will be able to review all documents, records, and any other information relevant to the claim. 
 
 3. The Committee shall provide the Claimant with a written decision on the Claimant s appeal not later than sixty (60) 
 days (or one hundred twenty (120) days under special circumstances) after it receives the Claimant s request for review. If the claim is again denied, the Committee shall give the Claimant the specific reasons for the denial and cite the specific Policy provisions on which the denial is based. 
 
 4. A Claimant must follow all the steps described in this Section 5.7 before the Claimant may take legal action against the 
 Company. A Claimant may not file suit regarding a claim for compensation or benefits under this Policy more than twelve (12) months after the Committee denies the Claimant s appeal. 
 
 Section 5.8 Clawback Recovery. All compensation and benefits payable under this Policy will be subject to potential forfeiture, recoupment or other action in accordance with the terms of the Republic Services, Inc. Clawback Policy, as it may be amended or restated from time to time, or in accordance with any rules or regulations adopted by the Securities and Exchange Commission and the New York Stock Exchange pursuant to Section 10D of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 or other applicable law. 
 
 Section 6 Definitions. 
 
 Section 6.1 Cause . Cause means (a) Covered Executive is indicted for or pleads guilty (or nolo contendere) to a felony or a crime involving moral turpitude, (b) the Company determines that Covered Executive knowingly and materially violated any of the Company s policies, rules or guidelines, (c) the Company determines that the Covered Executive violated a material term of any confidentiality or other restrictive covenants, or (d) the Company determines that Covered Executive willfully engaged in conduct, or willfully failed to perform assigned duties, the result of which exposes the Company to serious actual or potential financial, reputational or other injury. 
 
 Section 6.2 Change in Control. Change in Control means the occurrence of any of the following on or after the Effective Date of this Policy 
 
 1. an acquisition (other than directly from the Company) of any voting securities of the Company (the Voting 
 Securities by any Person (as the term person is used for purposes of Section 13(d) or 14(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act )), immediately after which such Person has Beneficial Ownership (within the meaning of Rule 13d-3 promulgated under the Exchange Act) of fifty percent (50 or more of the then outstanding common stock of the Company Shares or the combined voting power of the Company s then outstanding Voting Securities provided, however, in determining whether a Change in Control has occurred pursuant to this Section 6.2(a), Shares or Voting Securities which are acquired in a Non-Control Acquisition (as hereinafter defined) will not constitute an acquisition which would cause a Change in Control. A Non-Control Acquisition will mean an acquisition by (1) an employee benefit plan (or a trust forming a part thereof) maintained by (i) the Company or (ii) any corporation or other Person of which a majority of its voting power or its voting equity securities or equity interest is owned, directly or indirectly, by the Company (for purposes of this definition, a Related Entity ), (2) the Company or any Related Entity, or (3) any Person in connection with a Non-Control Transaction (as hereinafter defined) 
 
 2. the individuals who, as of the Effective Date of this Policy, are members of the Board (the Incumbent Board ), cease 
 6 

for any reason to constitute at least a majority of the members of the Board or, following a Merger Event which results in a Parent Corporation, the board of directors of the ultimate Parent Corporation (as defined in Section 6.2(c)(1)(A)) provided, however, that if the election, or nomination for election by the Company s common stockholders, of any new director was approved by a vote of at least two-thirds of the Incumbent Board, such new director will, for purposes of this Policy, be considered as a member of the Incumbent Board provided further, however, that no individual will be considered a member of the Incumbent Board if such individual initially assumed office as a result of an actual or threatened solicitation of proxies or consents by or on behalf of a Person other than the Board (a Proxy Contest including by reason of any agreement intended to avoid or settle a Proxy Contest or 
 
 3. the consummation of 
 
 a. a merger, consolidation or reorganization with or into the Company or in which securities of the Company are issued (a Merger Event ), unless such Merger Event is a Non-Control Transaction. A Non-Control Transaction will mean a Merger Event where 
 
 i. the stockholders of the Company immediately before such Merger Event own directly or indirectly 
 immediately following such Merger Event at least fifty percent (50 of the combined voting power of the outstanding voting securities of (x) the corporation resulting from such Merger Event (the Surviving Corporation if fifty percent (50 or more of the combined voting power of the then outstanding voting securities of the Surviving Corporation is not Beneficially Owned, directly or indirectly by another Person (a Parent Corporation ), or (y) if there are one or more Parent Corporations, the ultimate Parent Corporation and 
 
 ii. the individuals who were members of the Incumbent Board immediately prior to the execution of the 
 agreement providing for such Merger Event constitute at least a majority of the members of the board of directors of (x) the Surviving Corporation, if there is no Parent Corporation, or (y) if there are one or more Parent Corporations, the ultimate Parent Corporation and 
 
 iii. no Person other than (i) the Company, (ii) any Related Entity, (iii) any employee benefit plan (or any trust 
 forming a part thereof) that, immediately prior to such Merger Event was maintained by the Company or any Related Entity, or (iv) any Person who, immediately prior to such Merger Event had Beneficial Ownership of fifty percent (50 or more of the then outstanding Voting Securities or Shares, has Beneficial Ownership of fifty percent (50 or more of the combined voting power of the outstanding voting securities or common stock of (x) the Surviving Corporation if there is no Parent Corporation, or (y) if there are one or more Parent Corporations, the ultimate Parent Corporation. 
 
 b. a complete liquidation or dissolution of the Company or 
 
 c. the sale or other disposition of all or substantially all of the assets of the Company to any Person (other than a transfer to a Related Entity or under conditions that would constitute a Non-Control Transaction with the disposition of assets being regarded as a Merger Event for this purpose or the distribution to the Company s stockholders of the stock of a Related Entity or any other assets). 
 
 Notwithstanding the foregoing, a Change in Control will not be deemed to occur solely because any Person (the Subject Person acquired Beneficial Ownership of more than the permitted amount of the then outstanding Shares or Voting Securities as a result of the acquisition of Shares or Voting Securities by the Company which, by reducing the number of Shares or Voting Securities then outstanding, increases the proportional number of shares Beneficially Owned by the Subject Person, provided that if a Change in Control would occur (but for the operation of this sentence) as a result of the acquisition of Shares or Voting Securities by the Company, and after such share acquisition by the Company, the Subject Person becomes the Beneficial Owner of any additional Shares or Voting Securities which increases the percentage of the then outstanding Shares or Voting Securities Beneficially Owned by the Subject Person, then a Change of Control will occur. 
 
 In addition, a Change in Control will not be deemed to occur unless the event(s) that causes such Change in Control also constitutes a change in control event, as such term is defined in Section 409A of the Code. 
 
 Section 6.3 Disability. Disability means Covered Executive s incapacity due to physical or mental impairment that causes the Covered Executive to be absent from Covered Executive s full-time duties for six consecutive months. 
 
 Section 6.4 Effective Date. Effective Date means February 8, 2023. 
 
 Section 6.5 Good Reason. Good Reason means a reduction in Covered Executive s base salary or incentive award opportunity, or a material reduction in duties or responsibilities during the one-year period following a Change in Control. 
 
 Section 6.6 Without Cause. Without Cause means a termination of Covered Executive s employment by the Company other than (a) for Cause or (b) because of the Covered Executive s Disability or death. 
 7 

</EX-10.09>

<EX-21.1>
 3
 exhibit211-subsidiariesoft.htm
 EX-21.1

Document 

Exhibit 21.1 
 Subsidiaries and Affiliates Jurisdiction of Formation 25 Ashdown Road Solar, LLC Delaware 3G&L Georgia 623 Landfill, Inc. Virginia 8 M Properties, LLC North Carolina A D A J Corporation California A-Best Disposal, Inc. Ohio Abilene Landfill TX, LP Delaware Ace Disposal Services, Inc. Ohio Action Disposal, Inc. Texas ACV Enviro 1045 RE LLC New Jersey ACV Enviro CC Holding Corporation Delaware ACV Enviro Corporation Delaware ACV Enviro Holding Corporation Delaware ACV Enviro MA RE LLC Delaware ACV Enviro MD RE LLC Maryland ACV Enviro MI Corporation Michigan ACV Environmental Services, Inc. New York Adrian Landfill, Inc. Michigan ADS of Illinois, Inc. Illinois ADS, Inc. Oklahoma AES Accabonac Solar, LLC Delaware AES Broadalbin Solar, LLC Delaware AES CE RS XVI, LLC Delaware AES DE RS I, LLC Delaware AES DE RS II, LLC Delaware AES DE RS III, LLC Delaware AES DE RS IV, LLC Delaware AES DE RS IX, LLC Delaware AES DE RS V, LLC Delaware AES DE RS VI, LLC Delaware AES DE RS VII, LLC Delaware AES DE RS VIII, LLC Delaware AES DE RS X, LLC Delaware AES DE RS XI, LLC Delaware AES DE RS XII, LLC Delaware AES DE RS XIV, LLC Delaware AES DE RS XV, LLC Delaware AES Gabreski Solar, LLC Delaware AES Greece Solar, LLC Delaware AES Holland Solar, LLC Delaware AES Johnsville Solar, LLC Delaware AES Kekaha Solar, LLC Delaware AES Lawa'i Solar, LLC Delaware AES Monroe Solar A, LLC Delaware AES Monroe Solar B, LLC Delaware 

Subsidiaries and Affiliates Jurisdiction of Formation AES Monroe Solar C, LLC Delaware AES Monroe Solar D, LLC Delaware AES Monroe Solar E, LLC Delaware AES Orphan Farm Solar, LLC Delaware AES RH RS XVII, LLC Delaware AES Rochester Solar, LLC Delaware AES Tonawanda Solar, LLC Delaware AES Wawarsing Solar, LLC Delaware Agricultural Acquisitions, LLC Indiana Agri-Tech, Inc. of Oregon Oregon Agromin OC, LLC California Alabama Recycling Services, Inc. Alabama Albany-Lebanon Sanitation, Inc. Oregon Allied Gas Recovery Systems, L.L.C. Delaware Allied Green Power, LLC Delaware Allied Nova Scotia, Inc. Delaware Allied Remediation Services, Inc. Delaware Allied Research Affiliates, LLC New Jersey Allied Services, LLC Delaware Allied Waste Environmental Management Group, LLC Delaware Allied Waste Holdings (Canada) Ltd. Delaware Allied Waste Industries (Arizona), Inc. Arizona Allied Waste Industries of Illinois, Inc. Illinois Allied Waste Industries of Northwest Indiana, Inc. Indiana Allied Waste Industries of Tennessee, Inc. Tennessee Allied Waste Industries, LLC Delaware Allied Waste Landfill Holdings, Inc. Delaware Allied Waste Niagara Falls Landfill, LLC New York Allied Waste North America, LLC Delaware Allied Waste of California, Inc. California Allied Waste of New Jersey, Inc. New Jersey Allied Waste of New Jersey-New York, LLC Delaware Allied Waste Recycling Services of New Hampshire, LLC Delaware Allied Waste Rural Sanitation, Inc. Delaware Allied Waste Services of Colorado, Inc. Delaware Allied Waste Services of Fort Worth, LLC Texas Allied Waste Services of Massachusetts, LLC Massachusetts Allied Waste Services of North America, LLC Delaware Allied Waste Services of Page, Inc. Idaho Allied Waste Services of Stillwater, Inc. Oklahoma Allied Waste Sycamore Landfill, LLC Delaware Allied Waste Systems Holdings, Inc. Delaware Allied Waste Systems of Arizona, LLC Arizona Allied Waste Systems of Colorado, LLC Colorado Allied Waste Systems of Michigan, LLC Michigan Allied Waste Systems of Montana, LLC Montana 

Subsidiaries and Affiliates Jurisdiction of Formation Allied Waste Systems of New Jersey, LLC New Jersey Allied Waste Systems of Pennsylvania, LLC Pennsylvania Allied Waste Systems, Inc. Delaware Allied Waste Transfer Services of Arizona, LLC Delaware Allied Waste Transfer Services of California, LLC California Allied Waste Transfer Services of Florida, LLC Florida Allied Waste Transfer Services of New York, LLC New York Allied Waste Transfer Services of North Carolina, LLC North Carolina Allied Waste Transfer Services of Oregon, LLC Oregon Allied Waste Transfer Services of Rhode Island, LLC Delaware Allied Waste Transfer Services of Utah, Inc. Utah Allied Waste Transportation, Inc. Delaware Allis Medina Solar, LLC Delaware Amaterasu LLC Massachusetts American Disposal Services of Illinois, Inc. Delaware American Disposal Services of Kansas, Inc. Kansas American Disposal Services of Missouri, Inc. Oklahoma American Disposal Services of New Jersey, Inc. Delaware American Disposal Services of West Virginia, Inc. Delaware American Disposal Services, Inc. Delaware American Disposal Transfer Services of Illinois, Inc. Delaware American Ecology Environmental Services Corporation Texas American Materials Recycling Corp. New Jersey American Sanitation, Inc. Idaho American Transfer Company, Inc. New York Anderson Solid Waste, Inc. California Anson County Landfill NC, LLC Delaware Apache Junction Landfill Corporation Arizona APR Walden Solar 1, LLC Delaware Arbor Hills Holdings L.L.C. Delaware Area Disposal Inc. Illinois Ariana, LLC Delaware Aries Venture Investments Company Delaware Assonet Solar 1, LLC Delaware Astro Waste Services, Inc. Maine Atlantic Waste Holding Company, Inc. Massachusetts Atlas Transport, Inc. California Attwoods of North America, Inc. Delaware Autauga County Landfill, LLC Alabama Automated Modular Systems, Inc. New Jersey Autoshred, Inc. Missouri AWIN Leasing Company, Inc. Delaware AWIN Management, Inc. Delaware Bakersfield Industrial PV 1, LLC California Bakersfield PV 1, LLC California Barker Brothers Waste, Incorporated Tennessee 

Subsidiaries and Affiliates Jurisdiction of Formation Barker Brothers, Inc. Tennessee Bay Collection Services, Inc. California Bay Environmental Management, Inc. California Bay Landfills, Inc. California Bay Leasing Company, Inc. California Bayside Disposal, Inc. Washington BBCO, Inc. Delaware Bealine Service Company, Inc. Delaware Beals Medina Solar, LLC Delaware Belleville Landfill, Inc. Missouri Benson Valley Landfill General Partnership Kentucky Berkeley Sanitary Service, Inc. California Berrien County Landfill, Inc. Michigan BFGSI Series 1997-A Trust Delaware BFGSI, L.L.C. Delaware BFI Atlantic, Inc. Delaware BFI Energy Systems of Albany, Inc. Delaware BFI Energy Systems of Delaware County, Inc. Delaware BFI Energy Systems of Essex County, Inc. New Jersey BFI Energy Systems of Hempstead, Inc. Delaware BFI Energy Systems of Niagara II, Inc. Delaware BFI Energy Systems of Niagara, Inc. Delaware BFI Energy Systems of SEMASS, Inc. Delaware BFI Energy Systems of Southeastern Connecticut, Inc. Delaware BFI Energy Systems of Southeastern Connecticut, Limited Partnership Delaware BFI REF-FUEL, INC. Delaware BFI Trans River (GP), Inc. Delaware BFI Trans River (LP), Inc. Delaware BFI Transfer Systems of Alabama, LLC Delaware BFI Transfer Systems of Georgia, LLC Delaware BFI Transfer Systems of Massachusetts, LLC Massachusetts BFI Transfer Systems of Mississippi, LLC Delaware BFI Transfer Systems of New Jersey, Inc. New Jersey BFI Transfer Systems of Pennsylvania, LLC Pennsylvania BFI Transfer Systems of Texas, LP Delaware BFI Transfer Systems of Virginia, LLC Delaware BFI Waste Services of Indiana, LP Delaware BFI Waste Services of Pennsylvania, LLC Pennsylvania BFI Waste Services of Texas, LP Delaware BFI Waste Services, LLC Delaware BFI Waste Systems of Alabama, LLC Delaware BFI Waste Systems of Arkansas, LLC Delaware BFI Waste Systems of Georgia, LLC Delaware BFI Waste Systems of Louisiana, LLC Delaware BFI Waste Systems of Massachusetts, LLC Massachusetts BFI Waste Systems of Mississippi, LLC Delaware 

Subsidiaries and Affiliates Jurisdiction of Formation BFI Waste Systems of Missouri, LLC Delaware BFI Waste Systems of New Jersey, Inc. New Jersey BFI Waste Systems of North America, LLC Delaware BFI Waste Systems of Oklahoma, LLC Oklahoma BFI Waste Systems of Tennessee, LLC Delaware BFI Waste Systems of Virginia, LLC Delaware Bio-Med of Oregon, Inc. Oregon Blackhorse Farm Solar, LLC Rhode Island Bloomington Haulers, LLC Minnesota Blue Mountain Recycling, LLC Pennsylvania Blue Polymers, LLC Delaware Blue Ridge Landfill TX, LP Delaware Bom Ambiente Insurance Company Cayman Islands Bond County Landfill, Inc. Delaware Borrego Landfill, Inc. California Borrow Pit Corp. Illinois Brenham Total Roll-Offs, LP Delaware Brickyard Disposal & Recycling, Inc. Illinois Bridgeton Landfill, LLC Delaware Bridgeton Transfer Station, LLC Delaware Browning-Ferris Industries Chemical Services, Inc. Nevada Browning-Ferris Industries de Mexico, S.A. de C.V. Mexico Browning-Ferris Industries of California, Inc. California Browning-Ferris Industries of Florida, Inc. Delaware Browning-Ferris Industries of Illinois, Inc. Delaware Browning-Ferris Industries of New Jersey, Inc. New Jersey Browning-Ferris Industries of New York, Inc. New York Browning-Ferris Industries of Ohio, Inc. Delaware Browning-Ferris Industries of Tennessee, Inc. Tennessee Browning-Ferris Industries, Inc. Massachusetts Browning-Ferris Industries, LLC Delaware Browning-Ferris Services, Inc. Delaware Browning-Ferris, Inc. Maryland Brunswick Waste Management Facility, LLC Delaware Bullock Freetown Solar 1, LLC Delaware Bunting Trash Service, Inc. Colorado Butler County Landfill, LLC Delaware BWC Lake Lashaway, LLC Delaware BWC Muddy Brook, LLC Delaware C & C Expanded Sanitary Landfill, LLC Michigan Cactus Waste Systems, LLC Arizona Calvert Trash Service, Incorporated Maryland Calvert Trash Systems, Incorporated Maryland Camelot Landfill TX, LP Delaware Capital Waste & Recycling, Inc. New York Capitol Recycling and Disposal, Inc. Oregon 

Subsidiaries and Affiliates Jurisdiction of Formation Carbon Limestone Landfill, LLC Ohio CC Landfill, Inc. Delaware CECOS International, Inc. New York Cefe Landfill TX, LP Delaware Celina Landfill, Inc. Ohio Central Arizona Transfer, Inc. Arizona Central Line Solar, LLC Delaware Central Sanitary Landfill, Inc. Michigan Central Virginia Properties, LLC Georgia Champlin Refuse, Inc. Minnesota Charter Evaporation Resource Recovery Systems California Cherokee Run Landfill, Inc. Ohio Chilton Landfill, LLC Delaware Citizens Disposal, Inc. Michigan City-Star Services, Inc. Michigan Clarkston Disposal, Inc. Michigan Clean Venture, Inc. New Jersey Clinton County Landfill Partnership Indiana Cocopah Landfill, Inc. Delaware Compactor Rental Systems of Delaware, Inc. Delaware Congress Development Co. Illinois Consolidated Disposal Service, L.L.C. Delaware Consolidated Processing, Inc. Illinois Continental Waste Industries - Gary, Inc. Indiana Continental Waste Industries, L.L.C. Delaware Copper Mountain Landfill, Inc. Delaware Corvallis Disposal Co. Oregon County Disposal (Ohio), Inc. Delaware County Disposal, Inc. Delaware County Environmental Landfill, LLC Ohio County Land Development Landfill, LLC Ohio County Landfill, Inc. Delaware County Line Landfill Partnership Indiana Courtney Ridge Landfill, LLC Delaware Covington Waste, Inc. Tennessee Crockett Sanitary Service, Inc. California Cronin Road Solar 1, LLC Delaware Crow Landfill TX, L.P. Delaware Cumberland County Development Company, LLC Virginia CWI of Florida, Inc. Florida CWI of Illinois, Inc. Illinois CWI of Missouri, Inc. Missouri Cycle Chem, Inc. New Jersey D & L Disposal L.L.C. Delaware Delano PV 1, LLC California Delta Container Corporation California 

Subsidiaries and Affiliates Jurisdiction of Formation Delta Dade Recycling Corp. Florida Delta Paper Stock, Co. California Delta Resources Corp. Florida Delta Site Development Corp. Florida Delta Waste Corp. Florida Dempsey Waste Systems II, Inc. Ohio Denver RL North, Inc. Colorado Desarrollo del Rancho La Gloria TX, LP Texas Devens Recycling Center, LLC Massachusetts Dinverno, Inc. Michigan DTC Management, Inc. Indiana Dunstable Solar 1, LLC Delaware E & P Investment Corporation Illinois Eagle Construction and Environmental Services, LLC Delaware Eagle Industries Leasing, Inc. Michigan East Brookfield Main Street Solar LLC Delaware East Chicago Compost Facility, Inc. Delaware ECDC Environmental, L.C. Utah ECDC Holdings, Inc. Delaware ECOFLO Field Services, LLC North Carolina ECOFLO Holding, LLC North Carolina ECOFLO Logistics, LLC North Carolina ECOFLO Recycling, LLC North Carolina ECOFLO Southeast, Inc. North Carolina ECOFLO, Inc. Maryland El Centro Landfill, L.P. Texas Elder Creek Transfer & Recovery, Inc. California Ellis County Landfill TX, LP Delaware Ellis Scott Landfill MO, LLC Delaware Envirite of Illinois, Inc. Delaware Envirite of Ohio, Inc. Delaware Envirite of Pennsylvania, Inc. Delaware Envirite Transportation LLC Ohio Envirocycle, Inc. Florida Environmental Development Corp. Delaware Environmental Quality Industrial Services de Mexico, S. de R.L. de C.V. Mexico Environmental Reclamation Company Illinois Environmental Services Inc. Ontario Environtech, Inc. Delaware EnviroTech Consultants LLC New Jersey Envirowaste, LLC Pennsylvania Envotech-Illinois L.L.C. Delaware EQ Detroit, Inc. Michigan EQ Holdings, Inc. Delaware EQ Industrial Services, Inc. Michigan EQ Metals Recovery LLC Ohio 

Subsidiaries and Affiliates Jurisdiction of Formation EQ Northeast, Inc. Massachusetts EQ Parent Company, Inc. Delaware Evergreen National Indemnity Company Ohio Evergreen Scavenger Service, Inc. Delaware Evergreen Scavenger Service, L.L.C. Delaware F. P. McNamara Rubbish Removal, Inc. Massachusetts FCR Camden, LLC Delaware FCR Florida, LLC Delaware FCR Greensboro, LLC Delaware FCR Morris, LLC Delaware FCR Tennessee, LLC Delaware FCR, LLC Delaware Finchville Solar, LLC Delaware Fiorito Enterprises, Inc. Washington Flint Hill Road, LLC South Carolina FLL, Inc. Michigan Foothill Sanitary Landfill, Inc. California Forest View Landfill, LLC Delaware Fort Worth Landfill TX, LP Delaware Forward, Inc. California Founder's Homestead Farm Solar, LLC Rhode Island Frankfort Environmental Development Company, Inc. Indiana Frontier Waste Services (Colorado), LLC Colorado Frontier Waste Services (Utah), LLC Utah Frontier Waste Services of Louisiana L.L.C. Louisiana Frontier Waste Services, L.P. Texas G. Van Dyken Disposal Inc. Michigan Galveston County Landfill TX, LP Delaware Gateway Landfill, LLC Georgia GEK, Inc. Alabama General Refuse Rolloff Corp. Delaware Georgia Recycling Services, Inc. Delaware GGH North Dakota, LLC North Dakota GGWM, LLC Texas Global Indemnity Assurance Company Vermont Golden Bear Transfer Services, Inc. California Golden Triangle Landfill TX, LP Delaware Golden Waste Disposal, Inc. Georgia Grants Pass Sanitation, Inc. Oregon Great Lakes Disposal Service, Inc. Delaware Great Plains Landfill OK, LLC Delaware Green Valley Landfill General Partnership Kentucky Greenridge Reclamation, LLC Pennsylvania Greenridge Waste Services, LLC Pennsylvania Greenwich Solar 1, LLC Delaware Greenwood Landfill TX, LP Delaware 

Subsidiaries and Affiliates Jurisdiction of Formation GreenWorks, LLC Massachusetts Gulf West Landfill TX, LP Delaware Gulfcoast Waste Service, Inc. Florida H B Data Security, LLC Connecticut Hancock County Development Company, LLC Mississippi Harland's Sanitary Landfill, Inc. Michigan Harrison County Landfill, LLC Mississippi HMD Waste, L.L.C. Delaware Honeygo Run Reclamation Center, Inc. Maryland Hudson Baylor 27th Avenue LLC Delaware Hudson Baylor Atlantic County LLC Delaware Hudson Baylor Beacon LLC Delaware Hudson Baylor Cape May LLC Delaware Hudson Baylor North Gateway, LLC Delaware Hudson Baylor Tucson LLC Delaware Hyder Waste Container, Inc. North Carolina Illiana Disposal Partnership Indiana Illinois Landfill, Inc. Illinois Illinois Recycling Services, Inc. Illinois Illinois Valley Recycling, Inc. Illinois Imperial Landfill, Inc. California Independent Trucking Company California Ingrum Waste Disposal, Inc. Illinois International Disposal Corp. of California California Island Waste Services Ltd. New York Itasca Landfill TX, LP Delaware Jefferson City Landfill, LLC Delaware Jetter Disposal, Inc. Iowa Johnstown Solar 1, LLC Delaware JRM Hauling and Recycling Services, LLC Massachusetts JRM Hauling and Recycling Services II, LLC Massachusetts JSI Houston Transfer Station, Inc. Texas K & K Trash Removal, Inc. Maryland Kankakee Quarry, Inc. Illinois Keller Canyon Landfill Company California Keller Drop Box, Inc. Oregon Kent-Meridian Disposal Company Washington Kerrville Landfill TX, LP Delaware Key Waste Indiana Partnership Indiana La Ca ada Disposal Company, Inc. California Lake County C & D Development Partnership Indiana Lake Norman Landfill, Inc. North Carolina LandComp Corporation Illinois Lane Ave Solar LLC Delaware Lathrop Sunrise Sanitation Corporation California Lee County Landfill SC, LLC Delaware 

Subsidiaries and Affiliates Jurisdiction of Formation Lee County Landfill, Inc. Illinois Lemons Landfill, LLC Delaware Lewistown Disposal, Inc. Washington Lewisville Landfill TX, LP Delaware LGS Renewables I, L.C. Texas Liberty Waste Holdings, Inc. Delaware Liberty Waste Services Limited, L.L.C. Delaware Liberty Waste Services of Illinois, L.L.C. Illinois Liberty Waste Services of McCook, L.L.C. Delaware Lightning Renewables, LLC Delaware Local Sanitation of Rowan County, L.L.C. Delaware Loop Recycling, Inc. Illinois Loop Transfer, Incorporated Illinois Lorain Carbon Zero Solutions, LLC Delaware Lorain County Landfill, LLC Ohio Louis Pinto & Son, Inc., Sanitation Contractors New Jersey Lucas County Landfill, LLC Ohio Madison County Development, LLC Tennessee Manteca PV 1, LLC California Manumit of Florida, Inc. Florida Marion Investment Group, LLC Oregon Marion Recycling Center, Inc. Oregon Marion Resource Recovery Facility, LLC Oregon Maui 17-2 LLC Hawaii McCarty Road Landfill TX, LP Delaware McCusker Recycling, Inc. Pennsylvania McInnis Waste Systems, Inc. Oregon Meadow Landfill, LLC Delaware Menands Environmental Solutions, LLC New York Mesa Disposal, Inc. Arizona Mesquite Landfill TX, LP Delaware Mexia Landfill TX, LP Delaware M-G Disposal Services, L.L.C. Delaware Michigan Disposal, Inc. Michigan Mid America Contractors, L.L.C. Texas Middletown Solar 1, LLC Delaware Mississippi Waste Paper Company Mississippi Missouri City Landfill, LLC Missouri Modern Power, LLC Delaware Modern-Mallard Energy, LLC Delaware Montana Waste Systems, Inc. Washington Mountain Home Disposal, Inc. Delaware N Leasing Company, LLC Delaware National Response Corp. Aruba N.V. Aruba National Response Corporation Delaware National Response Corporation (NRC) Environmental Services UAE L.L.C. United Arab Emirates 

Subsidiaries and Affiliates Jurisdiction of Formation National Response Corporation Mexico NRC, S. de R.L. de C.V. Mexico NationsWaste Catawba Regional Landfill, Inc. South Carolina NationsWaste, Inc. Delaware Natl Response Corporation of Puerto Rico Delaware New Mexico Disposal Co., LLC California New Morgan Landfill Company, Inc. Pennsylvania New York Waste Services, LLC Delaware Newton County Landfill Partnership Indiana Nichols Street Properties LLC Delaware NMRT, LLC New Mexico Noble Road Landfill, Inc. Ohio Northeast Landfill, LLC Delaware Northlake Transfer, Inc. Illinois Northwest Tennessee Disposal Corporation Tennessee NRC (Asia Pacific) Ltd. Thailand NRC (B.V.I.) Ltd British Virgin Islands NRC (Egypt) LLC Egypt NRC (Trinidad and Tobago) Limited Trinidad NRC East Environmental Services, Inc. Massachusetts NRC Eastern Mediterranean Ltd. Israel NRC Environmental of Maine, Inc. Maine NRC Environmental Services (UK) Limited Scotland NRC Environmental Services Inc. Washington NRC Gulf Environmental Services, Inc. Delaware NRC Int. Holding Company LLC Marshall Islands NRC Intermediate Int. Holding Company, LLC Delaware NRC NY Environmental Services, Inc. Delaware NRC Payroll Management LLC Delaware NRC Servicing Limited United Kingdom NY RNM Project1, LLC Delaware NY RNM Project1A, LLC Delaware NY RNM Project2, LLC Delaware NY RNM Project3, LLC Delaware NY RNM Project4, LLC Delaware Oahu SPE 101-14 LLC Hawaii Oahu SPE 101-19 LLC Hawaii Oahu SPE 101-2 LLC Hawaii Oahu SPE 101-4 LLC Hawaii Oahu SPE 101-9 LLC Hawaii Oakland Heights Development, Inc. Michigan Obscurity Land Development, LLC Virginia Oceanside Waste & Recycling Services California Ohio Republic Contracts, II, Inc. Delaware Ohio Republic Contracts, Inc. Ohio Oklahoma City Landfill, L.L.C. Oklahoma OP-TECH Avix, Inc. New York 

Subsidiaries and Affiliates Jurisdiction of Formation Organix Solutions, LLC Minnesota Oscar's Collection System of Fremont, Inc. Nebraska OSRV Holdings, Inc. Delaware Otay Landfill, Inc. California Ottawa County Landfill, Inc. Delaware Packerton Land Company, L.L.C. Delaware Palomar Transfer Station, Inc. California Peltier Real Estate Company Oregon Peninsula Waste Systems, LLC Maryland Perdomo & Sons, Inc. California Pinal County Landfill Corp. Arizona Pine Bend Holdings L.L.C. Delaware Pine Hill Farms Landfill TX, LP Delaware Pinecrest Landfill OK, LLC Delaware Pittsburg County Landfill, Inc. Oklahoma Pleasant Oaks Landfill TX, LP Delaware Port Clinton Landfill, Inc. Ohio Portable Storage Co. Oregon Preble County Landfill, Inc. Ohio Price & Sons Recycling Company Georgia Prichard Landfill Corporation West Virginia Quail Run Services, LLC Texas R.C. Miller Enterprises, Inc. Ohio R.C. Miller Refuse Service Inc. Ohio Rabanco Companies Washington Rabanco Recycling, Inc. Washington Rabanco, Ltd. Washington Rainbow Disposal Co., Inc. California Rainbow Environmental Services, LLC Delaware Rainbow Transfer Recycling, Inc. California Rainbow West Florida LLC Delaware Ramona Landfill, Inc. California Randy's Rentals, LLC Minnesota Randy's Sanitation, LLC Minnesota Ransomville Solar 1, LLC Delaware RCS, Inc. Illinois Re Community Delaware, LLC Delaware Re Community Great Lakes, LLC Delaware RE Community Holdings II, Inc. Delaware Re Community Renew New York LLC Delaware ReCommunity Corporation New York ReCommunity Farmingdale, LLC Delaware ReCommunity Kentucky, LLC Delaware ReCommunity West Corporation Delaware Red Diamond Disposal, Inc. Texas Regional Disposal Company Washington 

Subsidiaries and Affiliates Jurisdiction of Formation Reliable Disposal, Inc. Michigan Republic Circular Solutions, LLC Maryland Republic Dumpco, Inc. Nevada Republic EES, LLC Louisiana Republic Environmental Services, LLC Delaware Republic Environmental Technologies, Inc. Nevada Republic Industrial and Energy Solutions, LLC Delaware Republic Lightning, LLC Delaware Republic Ohio Contracts, LLC Ohio Republic Polymer Centers Holdings, LLC Delaware Republic Polymers, LLC Ohio Republic Polymers II, LLC Ohio Republic Recycling Services of Nevada, Inc. Nevada Republic Services Alliance Group II, Inc. Delaware Republic Services Alliance Group III, Inc. Delaware Republic Services Alliance Group IV, Inc. Delaware Republic Services Alliance Group, Inc. Delaware Republic Services Aviation, Inc. Florida Republic Services Blue Ridge Energy Development, LLC Delaware Republic Services Customer Resource Center Central, LLC Delaware Republic Services Customer Resource Center East, LLC Delaware Republic Services Customer Resource Center West, LLC Delaware Republic Services Digital Ventures I, LLC Delaware Republic Services Environmental Solutions II, LLC Delaware Republic Services Environmental Solutions III, LLC Delaware Republic Services Environmental, LLC Delaware Republic Services Group, LLC Delaware Republic Services Holding Company, LLC Delaware Republic Services Leasing Company, LLC Delaware Republic Services National Accounts, LLC Delaware Republic Services of Arizona Hauling, LLC Arizona Republic Services of British Columbia, Inc. British Columbia Republic Services of Buffalo, LLC Delaware Republic Services of California Holding Company, Inc. Delaware Republic Services of California II, LLC Delaware Republic Services of Canada, Inc. Ontario Republic Services of Colorado Hauling, LLC Colorado Republic Services of Colorado I, LLC Colorado Republic Services of Florida GP, Inc. Delaware Republic Services of Florida LP, Inc. Delaware Republic Services of Florida, Limited Partnership Delaware Republic Services of Georgia GP, LLC Delaware Republic Services of Georgia LP, LLC Delaware Republic Services of Georgia, Limited Partnership Delaware Republic Services of Indiana LP, Inc. Delaware Republic Services of Indiana Transportation, LLC Delaware 

Subsidiaries and Affiliates Jurisdiction of Formation Republic Services of Indiana, Limited Partnership Delaware Republic Services of Iowa, LLC Iowa Republic Services of Kentucky, LLC Kentucky Republic Services of Maryland, LLC Maryland Republic Services of Massachusetts, LLC Delaware Republic Services of Michigan Hauling, LLC Michigan Republic Services of Michigan Holding Company, Inc. Delaware Republic Services of Michigan I, LLC Michigan Republic Services of Michigan II, LLC Michigan Republic Services of Michigan III, LLC Michigan Republic Services of Michigan IV, LLC Michigan Republic Services of New Jersey, LLC Delaware Republic Services of North Carolina, LLC North Carolina Republic Services of Ohio Hauling, LLC Ohio Republic Services of Ohio I, LLC Ohio Republic Services of Ohio II, LLC Ohio Republic Services of Ohio III, LLC Ohio Republic Services of Ohio IV, LLC Ohio Republic Services of Ohio Transportation, LLC Delaware Republic Services of Oxnard, Inc. California Republic Services of PA - Environmental Solutions, LLC Delaware Republic Services of Pennsylvania, LLC Delaware Republic Services of Smith County, LLC Delaware Republic Services of Sonoma County Energy Producers, Inc. California Republic Services of Sonoma County, Inc. Delaware Republic Services of South Carolina, LLC Delaware Republic Services of Southern California, LLC Delaware Republic Services of Tennessee, LLC Delaware Republic Services of Virginia, LLC Virginia Republic Services of Wisconsin GP, LLC Delaware Republic Services of Wisconsin LP, LLC Delaware Republic Services of Wisconsin, Limited Partnership Delaware Republic Services Organic Holding, Inc. Delaware Republic Services Organic Solutions, LLC Delaware Republic Services Procurement, Inc. Delaware Republic Services Real Estate Holding, Inc. North Carolina Republic Services Recycling of Indiana, Inc. Delaware Republic Services Renewable Energy II, LLC Delaware Republic Services Renewable Energy III, LLC Delaware Republic Services Renewable Energy, LLC Delaware Republic Services Risk Management, Inc. Delaware Republic Services Vasco Road, LLC Delaware Republic Silver State Disposal, Inc. Nevada Republic Transportation Services of Canada, Inc. Ontario 

Subsidiaries and Affiliates Jurisdiction of Formation Republic Waste Services of Southern California, LLC Delaware Republic Waste Services of Texas GP, Inc. Delaware Republic Waste Services of Texas LP, Inc. Delaware Republic Waste Services of Texas, Ltd. Texas Republic Waste, Limited Partnership Delaware Resource Recovery Systems, LLC Delaware Resource Recovery, Inc. Kansas RI Alameda Corp. California Richmond Sanitary Service, Inc. California Richmond Solar Power 1, LLC Rhode Island Rincon Solar I, LLC Georgia RITM, LLC Delaware River Recycling, LLC Delaware River Street Solar 1, LLC Delaware Roosevelt Associates Washington Ross Bros. Waste & Recycling Co. Ohio Rossman Sanitary Service, Inc. Oregon Roxana Landfill, LLC Illinois Royal Holdings, Inc. Michigan RSG Cayman Group, Inc. Delaware RT52 Walden Solar 1, LLC Delaware RTF Romulus, LLC Michigan Rubbish Control, L.L.C. Delaware RWS Texas Leasing Company, LLC Texas RWS Transport, L.P. Delaware Ryan Road Solar LLC Delaware S & S Recycling, Inc. Georgia S-Road Facility, LLC Colorado Saguaro National Captive Insurance Company Arizona Saline County Landfill, Inc. Illinois San Diego Landfill Systems, LLC California San Francisco Bay Railway, LLC Delaware San Marcos NCRRF, Inc. California Sand Valley Holdings, L.L.C. Delaware Sandy Hollow Landfill Corp. West Virginia Sangamon Valley Landfill, Inc. Delaware Sanifill, Inc. Tennessee Sanitary Disposal Service, Inc. Michigan Santek Environmental of Alabama, LLC Alabama Santek Environmental of Arkansas, LLC Arkansas Santek Environmental of Georgia, LLC Georgia Santek Environmental of Kentucky, LLC Kentucky 

Subsidiaries and Affiliates Jurisdiction of Formation Santek Environmental of North Carolina, LLC North Carolina Santek Environmental of Pine Belt, LLC Mississippi Santek Environmental of Tennessee, LLC Tennessee Santek Environmental of Texas, LLC Texas Santek Environmental of Virginia, LLC Virginia Santek Environmental, LLC Tennessee Santek Waste Services, LLC Tennessee Sauk Trail Development, Inc. Michigan Schofield Corporation of Orlando Florida Show-Me Landfill, LLC Delaware Shred - All Recycling Systems Inc. Illinois Simmons & Eastern, LLC Delaware Skipjack Solar Center, LLC Delaware Solano Garbage Company California Source Recycling, Inc. Oregon South Trans, Inc. New Jersey Southeast Landfill, LLC Delaware Southern Illinois Regional Landfill, Inc. Illinois Southern Tank Leasing, Inc. Alabama Southern Waste Services, Inc. Florida Southwest Landfill TX, LP Delaware Specialized Response Solutions (Canada) Inc. Alberta Specialized Response Solutions, L.P. Texas Springfield Environmental General Partnership Indiana St. Paul Haulers, LLC Minnesota Stablex Canada Inc. Canada Standard Disposal Services, Inc. Michigan Standard Environmental Services, Inc. Michigan Standard Waste, Inc. Delaware Streator Area Landfill, Inc. Illinois Suburban Transfer, Inc. Illinois Suburban Warehouse, Inc. Illinois Summit Waste Systems, Inc. Arizona Sunrise Sanitation Service, Inc. California Sunset Disposal Service, Inc. California Sunset Disposal, Inc. Kansas Sureclean A.S. Norway Sureclean Holdco Limited United Kingdom Sycamore Landfill, Inc. California Tate's Transfer Systems, Inc. Missouri Tay-Ban Corporation Michigan Tayman Industries, Inc. California 

Subsidiaries and Affiliates Jurisdiction of Formation The Ecology Group, Inc. Ohio Thomas Disposal Service, Inc. Missouri Tidal Tank, Inc. Delaware Tippecanoe County Waste Services Partnership Indiana TMC Services, Inc. Massachusetts Tom Luciano's Disposal Service, Inc. New Jersey Toro Energy of Indiana, LLC Texas Total Roll-Offs, L.L.C. Texas Total Solid Waste Recyclers, Inc. New Jersey Trash Butler, LLC Florida Tricil (N.Y.), Inc. New York Tri-County Refuse Service, Inc. Michigan Tri-State Recycling Services, Inc. Illinois Tri-State Refuse Corporation Arizona Turkey Creek Landfill TX, LP Delaware United Disposal Service, Inc. Oregon University Solar, LLC Rhode Island Upper Rock Island County Landfill, Inc. Illinois US Ecology Alaska, LLC Delaware US Ecology Burlington, Inc. Maine US Ecology Canada Inc. Les Solutions Environnementales US Ecology Canada Inc. Ontario US Ecology Energy Waste Disposal Services, LLC Delaware US Ecology Group Holdings Corp. Delaware US Ecology Group Holdings, LLC Delaware US Ecology Holdings Group, Inc. Delaware US Ecology Holdings, Inc. Delaware US Ecology Holdings, LLC Delaware US Ecology Houston, Inc. Delaware US Ecology Idaho, Inc. Delaware US Ecology Illinois, Inc. California US Ecology Karnes County Disposal, LLC Texas US Ecology Livonia, Inc. Michigan US Ecology Michigan, Inc. Michigan US Ecology Nevada, Inc. Delaware US Ecology Romulus, Inc. Michigan US Ecology Stablex Holdings, Inc. Delaware US Ecology Sulligent, Inc. Michigan US Ecology Tampa, Inc. Michigan US Ecology Taylor, Inc. Michigan US Ecology Texas, Inc. Delaware US Ecology Thermal Services, Inc. Delaware US Ecology Transportation Solutions, Inc. Delaware 

Subsidiaries and Affiliates Jurisdiction of Formation US Ecology Tulsa, Inc. Michigan US Ecology US Holding Company, LLC Delaware US Ecology Vernon, Inc. Delaware US Ecology Washington, Inc. Delaware US Ecology Winnie, LLC Delaware US Ecology, Inc. Delaware USE Canada Holdings, Inc. Canada USE EWD Holdco, LLC Delaware Valley Landfills, Inc. Oregon Venezuelan Response Corporation Venezuela VHG, Inc. Minnesota Victoria Landfill TX, LP Delaware Vining Disposal Service, Inc. Massachusetts W. Orange RD Solar LLC Delaware Warner Hill Development Company Ohio Wasatch Regional Landfill, Inc. Utah Waste Control Systems, Inc. Oregon Waste Repurposing International, Inc. Delaware Waste Services Group, LLC Delaware Waste Services of Alabama, LLC Alabama Waste Services of Georgia, LLC Georgia Waste Services of Hattiesburg, LLC Mississippi Waste Services of Kentucky, LLC Kentucky Waste Services of New York, Inc. New York Waste Services of Tennessee, LLC Tennessee Waste Services of Texas, LLC Texas Wastehaul, Inc. Indiana Wayne County Land Development, LLC New York Wayne County Landfill IL, Inc. Delaware Wayne Developers, LLC Georgia Wayne Disposal, Inc. Michigan WDTR, Inc. Oregon Webster Parish Landfill, L.L.C. Delaware Wellkept LLC Delaware West Brookfield Boston Post Road Solar LLC Delaware West Contra Costa Energy Recovery Company California West Contra Costa Sanitary Landfill, Inc. California West County Landfill, Inc. California West County Resource Recovery, Inc. California West Street Solar 1, LLC Delaware Whispering Pines Landfill TX, LP Delaware Wilbur Woods Solar LLC Delaware 

Subsidiaries and Affiliates Jurisdiction of Formation Willamette Resources, Inc. Oregon Williams County Landfill Inc. Ohio Williamsburg East Street Solar LLC Delaware Willow Ridge Landfill, LLC Delaware Wilshire Disposal Service California Winchendon Ash Street Solar 1 LLC Delaware Winchendon Lincoln Avenue Solar 1 LLC Delaware Winchendon Lincoln Avenue Solar 2 LLC Delaware WJR Environmental, Inc. Washington Woodlake Sanitary Service, Inc. Minnesota Zakaroff Services California ZPD-PT Solar Project 2017-001 LLC Massachusetts ZPD-PT Solar Project 2017-003 LLC Massachusetts ZPD-PT Solar Project 2017-007 LLC Massachusetts ZPD-PT Solar Project 2017-008 LLC Massachusetts ZPD-PT Solar Project 2017-011 LLC Massachusetts ZPD-PT Solar Project 2017-014 LLC Massachusetts ZPD-PT Solar Project 2017-017 LLC Massachusetts ZPD-PT Solar Project 2017-021 LLC Massachusetts ZPD-PT Solar Project 2017-023 LLC Massachusetts ZPD-PT Solar Project 2017-024 LLC Massachusetts ZPD-PT Solar Project 2017-038 LLC Massachusetts ZPD-PT Solar Project 2017-044 LLC Massachusetts 

</EX-21.1>

<EX-23.1>
 4
 exhibit231-consentofernsty.htm
 EX-23.1

Document 

EXHIBIT 23.1 
 Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 We consent to the incorporation by reference in the following Registration Statements Form S-8 No. 333-150943 Republic Services, Inc. 2007 Stock Incentive Plan Form S-8 No. 333-156070 Republic Services, Inc. 2006 Incentive Stock Plan (f k a Allied Waste Industries, Inc. 2006 Incentive Stock Plan) and Republic Services, Inc. 2005 Non-Employee Director Equity Compensation Plan (f k a Allied Waste Industries, Inc. 2005 Non-Employee Director Equity Compensation Plan) Form S-8 No. 333-170174 Republic Services, Inc. Deferred Compensation Plan Form S-8 No. 333-175879 Republic Services, Inc. Amended and Restated 2007 Stock Incentive Plan Form S-8 No. 333-221582 Republic Services, Inc. Deferred Compensation Plan Form S-8 No. 333-228002 Republic Services, Inc. 2018 Employee Stock Purchase Plan Form S-8 No. 333-249990 Republic Services, Inc. 2021 Stock Incentive Plan 
 Form S-3 No. 333-266553 Registration Statement 
 of our reports dated February 22, 2023, with respect to the consolidated financial statements of Republic Services, Inc. and the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting of Republic Services, Inc., included in this Annual Report (Form 10-K) of Republic Services, Inc. for the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 s Ernst & Young LLP 
 Phoenix, Arizona 
 February 22, 2023 

</EX-23.1>

<EX-31.1>
 5
 exhibit311rule13a-14a15dx1.htm
 EX-31.1

Document 

EXHIBIT 31.1 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO RULES 13a-14(a) AND 15d-14(a), 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 I, Jon Vander Ark, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this 2022 Annual Report on Form 10-K of Republic Services, Inc. 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 a. Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 b. Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 c. Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 d. Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 a. All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 b. Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 s JON VANDER ARK Jon Vander Ark President and Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) 
 
 Date February 21, 2023 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 6
 exhibit312rule13a-14a15dx1.htm
 EX-31.2

Document 

EXHIBIT 31.2 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO RULES 13a-14(a) AND 15d-14(a), 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 I, Brian D el Ghiaccio, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this 2022 Annual Report on Form 10-K of Republic Services, Inc. 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 a. Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 b. Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 c. Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 d. Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 a. All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 b. Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 s BRIAN D EL GHIACCIO 
 Brian D el Ghiaccio 
 Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer) 
 
 Date February 21, 2023 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 7
 exhibit321section1350certi.htm
 EX-32.1

Document 

EXHIBIT 32.1 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 In connection with the Annual Report on Form 10-K of Republic Services, Inc. (the Company) for the annual period ended December 31, 2022 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report), I, Jon Vander Ark, President and Chief Executive Officer of the Company, hereby certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that to the best of my knowledge 
 
 1. The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended and 
 
 2. The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
 s JON VANDER ARK Jon Vander Ark President and Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) 
 
 Date February 21, 2023 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 8
 exhibit322section1350certi.htm
 EX-32.2

Document 

EXHIBIT 32.2 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 In connection with the Annual Report on Form 10-K of Republic Services, Inc. (the Company) for the annual period ended December 31, 2022 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report), I, Brian D e lGhiaccio, Chief Financial Officer of the Company, hereby certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that to the best of my knowledge 
 
 1. The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended and 
 
 2. The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
 s BRIAN D EL GHIACCIO 
 Brian D el Ghiaccio 
 Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer) 
 
 Date February 21, 2023 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 9
 rsg-20221231.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 10
 rsg-20221231_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 11
 rsg-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 12
 rsg-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 13
 rsg-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

