<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230221_10-K_edgar_data_1561894_0001561894-23-000012.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>15932684</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>644496</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>3759204</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>4905520</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>3385494</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>2988194</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>14</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001561894-23-000012.hdr.sgml : 20230221
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230221163710
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001561894-23-000012
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		113
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230221
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230221

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Hannon Armstrong Sustainable Infrastructure Capital, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001561894
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	REAL ESTATE INVESTMENT TRUSTS [6798]
		IRS NUMBER:				461347456
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			MD
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-35877
		FILM NUMBER:		23648773

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		ONE PARK PLACE, SUITE 200
		CITY:			ANNAPOLIS
		STATE:			MD
		ZIP:			21401
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(410) 571-9860

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		ONE PARK PLACE, SUITE 200
		CITY:			ANNAPOLIS
		STATE:			MD
		ZIP:			21401

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001561894-23-000012.txt : 20230221

10-K
 1
 hasi-20221231.htm
 10-K

hasi-20221231 

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549 

FORM 

ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the fiscal year ended , 2022 
 OR 
 TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the transition period from to 
 Commission File Number: 
 
 (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

(State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) (Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code) 
 ) 
 (Registrant s telephone number, including area code) 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 
 Title of each class Trading Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered 
 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: 
 None 

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. No 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Exchange Act. Yes 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer , accelerated filer, smaller reporting company and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 
 Accelerated filer Non-accelerated filer 
 Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company 
 If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal controls over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 
 If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. 
 Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No 
 As of June 30, 2022, the aggregate market value of the registrant s common stock (includes unvested restricted stock) held by non-affiliates of the registrant was billion based on the closing sales price of the registrant s common stock on June 30, 2022 as reported on the New York Stock Exchange. 
 On February 16, 2023, the registrant had a total of shares of common stock, 0.01 par value, outstanding (which includes 155,453 shares of unvested restricted common stock). 
 DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 Page PART I 
 6 
 Item 1. Business 
 6 
 Item 1A. Risk Factors 
 15 
 Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 
 42 
 Item 2. Properties 
 42 
 Item 3. Legal Proceedings 
 42 
 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 
 42 
 PART II 
 43 
 Item 5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 43 
 Item 6. [Reserved.] 
 44 
 Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 45 
 Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 72 
 Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 76 
 Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 116 
 Item 9A. Controls and Procedures 
 116 
 Item 9B. Other Information 
 116 
 Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 118 
 PART III 
 119 
 Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers, and Corporate Governance 
 119 
 Item 11. Executive Compensation 
 119 
 Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 119 
 Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions and Director Independence 
 120 
 Item 14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services 
 120 
 PART IV 
 121 
 Item 15. Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 
 121 
 Item 16. Form 10-K Summary 
 124 

- 2 - 

FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 
 We make forward-looking statements in this Annual Report on Form 10-K Form 10-K within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act ), and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act that are subject to risks and uncertainties. For these statements, we claim the protections of the safe harbor for forward-looking statements contained in such Sections. These forward-looking statements include information about possible or assumed future results of our business, financial condition, liquidity, results of operations, plans and objectives. When we use the words believe, expect, anticipate, estimate, plan, continue, intend, should, may or similar expressions, we intend to identify forward-looking statements. However, the absence of these words or similar expressions does not mean that a statement is not forward-looking. All statements that address operating performance, events or developments that we expect or anticipate will occur in the future are forward-looking statements. 
 Forward-looking statements are subject to significant risks and uncertainties. Investors are cautioned against placing undue reliance on such statements. Actual results may differ materially from those set forth in the forward-looking statements. Accordingly, any such statements are qualified in their entirety by reference to, and are accompanied by, important factors included in Part I, Item 1A. Risk Factors (in addition to any assumptions and other factors referred to specifically in connection with such forward-looking statements) that could have a significant impact on our operations and financial results, and could cause our actual results to differ materially from those contained or implied in forward-looking statements made by or on our behalf in this Form 10-K, in presentations, on our websites, in response to questions or otherwise. 
 Any forward-looking statement speaks only as of the date on which such statement is made, and we undertake no obligation to update any forward-looking statement to reflect events or circumstances, including, but not limited to, unanticipated events, after the date on which such statement is made, unless otherwise required by law. New factors emerge from time to time and it is not possible for management to predict all of such factors, nor can it assess the impact of each such factor on the business or the extent to which any factor, or combination of factors, may cause actual results to differ materially from those contained or implied in any forward-looking statement. 
 
 - 3 - 

RISK FACTOR SUMMARY 
 An investment in our securities involves a high degree of risk. You should carefully consider the risks summarized in Item 1A, Risk Factors included in this report. These risks include, but are not limited to, the following: 
 
 Risks Related to Our Business and Our Industry 
 Our business depends in part on U.S. federal, state and local government policies and a decline in the level of government support could harm our business. 
 If the cost of energy generated by traditional sources of energy declines or continues to remain low, demand for the projects in which we invest may decline. 
 We operate in a competitive market, which may impact the terms of the investments we make. 
 A change in the fiscal health, level of appropriations or budgets of U.S. federal, state and local governments could reduce demand for the projects in which we invest and the capital we provide. 
 Risks Related to Our Assets and Projects in Which We Invest 
 The lack of liquidity of our assets may adversely affect our business, including our ability to value our assets. 
 We rely on our project sponsors for financial reporting related to our project companies, and our financial statements may be materially affected if the financial reporting related to our project companies proves to be incorrect. 
 Our investments are subject to delinquency, foreclosure and loss, any or all of which could result in losses to us. 
 Our mezzanine or subordinated loans are riskier, less protected against loss than, and generally less liquid than, other forms of debt with more senior preference. 
 Our equity investments, many of which are illiquid with no readily available market, involve a substantial degree of risk. 
 We generally do not control the projects in which we invest, which may result in the project owner making certain business decisions or taking risks with which we disagree. 
 Portions of the electricity our assets generate is sold on the open market at spot-market prices. A prolonged environment of low prices for natural gas, or other conventional fuel sources may have a material adverse effect on our long-term business prospects, financial condition and results of operations. 
 Some of the projects in which we invest may require substantial operating or capital expenditures in the future. 
 We invest in projects which rely on third parties to manufacture quality products or provide reliable services in a timely manner and the failure of these third parties could cause project performance to be adversely affected. 
 Our insurance and contractual protections may not always cover lost revenue, increased expenses or liquidated damages payments. 
 Energy efficiency, renewable energy and other sustainable infrastructure projects are subject to performance risks, including risks due to extreme weather events, that could impact the repayment of and the return on our assets. 
 Risks Related to Our Company 
 We may change our operational policies (including our investment guidelines and strategies) with the approval of our board of directors Board but without stockholder consent at any time, which may adversely affect the market value of our common stock and our ability to make distributions to our stockholders. 
 An increase in our borrowing costs relative to the interest we receive on our assets may adversely affect our profitability and our cash available for distribution to our stockholders. Our borrowings may have a shorter duration than our assets. 
 While we have an established Board-approved leverage limit, our Board may change our financial leverage guidelines without stockholder consent. 
 Major public health issues and related disruptions in the U.S. and global economy and financial markets could adversely impact or disrupt our financial condition and results of operations. 
 - 4 - 

Risks Related to Our Common Stock 
 We cannot assure you of our ability to make distributions in the future. Although we currently do not intend to do so, if our portfolio of assets does not generate sufficient income and cash flow, we could be required to sell assets, borrow funds or make a portion of our distributions in the form of a taxable stock distribution or distribution of debt securities in order to maintain our qualification as a REIT. 
 Risks Related to Our Organization and Structure 
 Our qualification as a REIT depends on interpretations of highly technical and complex legal provisions, and our failure to qualify or remain qualified as a REIT would subject us to taxes that would negatively impact the results of our operations and reduce the amount of cash available for distribution to our stockholders. 
 Risks Related to Our Taxation as a REIT 
 Complying with REIT requirements may force us to liquidate assets or forego otherwise attractive investments. 

- 5 - 

PART I 
 
 In this Form 10-K, unless specifically stated otherwise or the context otherwise indicates, references to we, our, us, HASI, and our company refer to Hannon Armstrong Sustainable Infrastructure Capital, Inc., a Maryland corporation and any of our subsidiaries. Hannon Armstrong Sustainable Infrastructure, L.P., a Delaware limited partnership, is a subsidiary of which we are the sole general partner and to which we refer in this Form 10-K as our Operating Partnership. Our business is focused on reducing the impact of greenhouse gases that have been scientifically linked to climate change. We refer to these gases, which are often for consistency expressed as carbon dioxide equivalents, as carbon emissions. 

Item 1. Business 
 GENERAL 
 We invest in climate solutions developed or sponsored by leading companies in the energy efficiency, renewable energy and other sustainable infrastructure markets. We believe that we were one of the first U.S. public companies solely dedicated to climate solutions. Our goal is to generate attractive returns from a diversified portfolio of project company investments with long-term, predictable cash flows from proven technologies that reduce carbon emissions or increase resilience to climate change. Our vision is that every investment improves our climate future. In executing this vision, we focus on a wide variety of climate solutions including: 
 Building Energy Efficiency 
 LED Building Lighting 
 Energy Efficient Heating, Cooling and Ventilation 
 Building Controls and Sensors 
 Combined Heat and Power Systems 
 Electric Distribution Systems 
 LED Street Lighting 
 Distributed Commercial and Industrial Solar 
 Community Solar 
 Residential Solar 
 Utility Scale Solar 
 Utility Scale Wind 
 Water and Stream Distribution Systems 
 Clean Fleet Transportation 
 Nature Based Solutions and Environmental Credits 
 Storm Water Management 
 Renewable Natural Gas 
 Other Climate Related Technologies 
 
 We are internally managed, and our management team has extensive relevant industry knowledge and experience. We have long-standing relationships with the leading energy service companies ESCOs ), manufacturers, project developers, utilities, owners and operators that provide recurring, programmatic investment and fee-generating opportunities. Additionally, we have relationships with leading commercial and investment banks and institutional investors from which we are referred additional investment and fee-generating opportunities. 
 We completed approximately 1.8 billion of transactions during 2022, compared to approximately 1.7 billion during 2021. As of December 31, 2022, we held approximately 4.3 billion of transactions on our balance sheet, which we refer to as our Portfolio. For those transactions that we choose not to hold on our balance sheet, we transfer all or a portion of the economics of the transaction, typically using securitization trusts, to institutional investors in exchange for cash and, in certain cases, residual interests in the trusts and ongoing fees. As of December 31, 2022, we managed approximately 5.5 billion in these trusts or vehicles that are not consolidated on our balance sheet. When we combine these assets with our Portfolio, as of December 31, 2022, we manage approximately 9.8 billion of assets, which we refer to as our Managed Assets. 
 Our investments take many forms, including equity, joint ventures, land ownership, loans, and other financing transactions. We also generate ongoing fees via off-balance sheet securitization transactions, advisory services, and asset management. We use borrowings as part of our strategy to fund our investments in climate solutions and have available to us a broad range of financing sources including short-term commercial paper issuances, revolving credit facilities, non-recourse or recourse debt, equity, and off-balance sheet securitization structures. We calculate the estimated carbon emission savings using CarbonCount , a proprietary tool which measures the efficiency with which our investments reduce carbon emissions, and generally provide the associated CarbonCount metrics for our debt issuances. In addition, certain of our debt issuances meet the environmental eligibility criteria for green bonds as defined by the International Capital Markets Association s Green Bond Principles, which we believe makes our debt more attractive for many investors compared to such offerings that do not qualify under these principles. A further description of our financing activities can be found herein. 
 We have a large and active pipeline of potential new opportunities that are in various stages of our underwriting process. We believe the Inflation Reduction Act signed into law on August 16, 2022, that incentivizes the construction of and 
 - 6 - 

investment in climate solutions will result in additional investment opportunities in the markets in which we invest over the next several years, which may result in increases in our pipeline in the future. We refer to potential opportunities as being part of our pipeline if we have determined that the project fits within our climate solutions investment strategy and exhibits the appropriate risk and reward characteristics through an initial credit analysis, including a quantitative and qualitative assessment of the opportunity, as well as research on the relevant market and sponsor. Our pipeline of transactions that could potentially close in the next 12 months consists of opportunities in which we will be the lead originator as well as opportunities in which we may participate with other institutional investors. As of December 31, 2022, our pipeline consisted of more than 4.5 billion in new equity, debt and real estate opportunities. There can, however, be no assurance with regard to any specific terms of such pipeline transactions or that any or all of the transactions in our pipeline will be completed. 
 We are committed to leadership in transparent disclosure on environmental, social, and governance ESG matters. Beginning in 2013, we became one of the first capital providers to evaluate the carbon efficiency of our Portfolio by utilizing CarbonCount. In 2017, we believe we were the first U.S-based public company to commit to the Climate Disclosure Standards Board led initiative on implementing the recommendations of the Financial Stability Board s Task Force for Climate-related Financial Disclosures TCFD and provide the recommended disclosures in our Form 10-K. In 2020, we joined the Partnership for Carbon Accounting Financials PCAF ), a global financial industry-led partnership to implement a consistent and transparent disclosure framework to report carbon emissions and avoided emissions resulting from financed assets. We began to report in accordance with PCAF in 2022. For further information on our ESG disclosures, see the discussion in the sections titled Investment Strategy and Environmental and Social Responsibility and Corporate Governance herein. We are committed to providing transparent disclosures on our human capital management, which can be found herein in the section titled Human Capital Strategy. In 2021, we founded the Hannon Armstrong Foundation, which provides monetary and non-monetary support to programs that align with our philanthropic priorities of ensuring equal access to climate solutions, empowering and creating opportunity for marginalized individuals and communities, and creating a local impact. 
 We elected to be taxed as a REIT for U.S. federal income tax purposes commencing with our taxable year ended December 31, 2013, and operate our business in a manner that permits us to maintain our exemption from registration as an investment company under the 1940 Act. 
 INVESTMENT STRATEGY 
 With scientific consensus that global-warming trends are linked to human activities and result in various extreme weather events, we believe our firm is well-positioned to generate attractive risk-adjusted returns by investing in, and managing a portfolio of, assets that address climate-changing greenhouse gas emissions. Further, with increasing weather-related disasters, we see similar investment opportunities in infrastructure assets that mitigate the impact of, and increase the resiliency to, these weather events and other adverse impacts of climate change. 
 Our vision is that every investment improves our climate future and thus the carbon impact of an investment is at the core of our business model. We believe that climate positive investments will produce attractive risk adjusted returns and we require investments to be neutral to negative on incremental carbon emissions or have some other tangible environmental benefit such as reducing water consumption or increasing resilience to climate change influenced weather events. 
 Our climate-positive investment thesis is based on the following theories: 
 more efficient technologies are more productive and thus should lead to higher economic returns; 
 lower portfolio risk is inherent in a portfolio of smaller investments, generated by trends of increasing decentralization and digitalization of energy assets; 
 investing in assets aligned with scientific consensus and broadly held societal values will reduce potential regulatory and social costs through more internalization of externalities; and 
 assets that reduce carbon emissions represent an embedded option that may increase in value if regulatory authorities were to set a price on carbon emissions. 
 We believe combining this investment thesis with our multi-decade experience in investing in our markets through multiple interest rate and business cycles, intermittent governmental support for reducing carbon emissions and several cycles of business expansions in renewable and other sustainable infrastructure markets, allows us to earn attractive risk-adjusted returns on the assets in which we invest. We also believe there is a very large potential market opportunity as the legacy technologies for generating and using energy and the systems that produce carbon emissions are retired and replaced by low-to-no carbon emission systems. Mitigation and resiliency investments continue to grow to address severe weather events and other climate change impacts. 
 Our investments in climate solutions are focused on three markets: 
 - 7 - 

Behind-the-Meter BTM : distributed building or facility projects, which reduce energy usage or cost through the use of solar generation and energy storage or energy efficiency improvements including heating, ventilation and air conditioning systems HVAC ), lighting, energy controls, roofs, windows, building shells, and/or combined heat and power systems; 
 Grid-Connected GC : renewable energy projects that deploy cleaner energy sources, such as solar, solar-plus-storage, and wind, to generate power production where the off-taker or counterparty may be part of the wholesale electric power markets; and 
 Sustainable Infrastructure SI ): upgraded transmission and distribution systems, water and storm water infrastructure, transportation fleet enhancements, renewable natural gas plants, and other projects that improve water or energy efficiency, increase resiliency, positively impact the environment or more efficiently use natural resources. 
 Of our pipeline, 42 is related to BTM assets and 45 is related to GC assets, with the remainder related to SI. We prefer investments in which the assets use proven technology and have a long-term, creditworthy off-taker or counterparties. For BTM assets, the off-taker or counterparty may be the building owner or occupant, and our investment may be secured by the installed improvements or other real estate rights. For GC assets, the off-takers or counterparties may be utility or electric users who have entered into contractual commitments, such as power purchase agreements PPAs ), to purchase power produced by a renewable energy project at a specified price with potential price escalators for a portion of the project s estimated life. 
 We make our investments utilizing a variety of structures, including: 
 equity investments in either preferred or common structures in unconsolidated entities which own renewable energy or energy efficiency projects; 
 commercial and government receivables or securities, such as loans for renewable energy and energy efficiency projects; and 
 real estate, such as land or other assets leased for use by GC projects typically under long term leases. 
 Our equity investments in climate solutions projects are operated by various renewable energy companies or by joint ventures in which we participate. These transactions allow us to participate in the cash flows associated with these projects, typically on a priority basis. Our energy efficiency debt investments are usually assigned the payment stream from the project savings and other contractual rights, often using our pre-existing master purchase agreements with the ESCOs. Our debt investments in various renewable energy or other sustainable infrastructure projects or portfolios of projects are generally secured by the installed improvements, or other real estate rights. We also own, directly or through equity investments, land that is leased under long-term agreements to renewable energy projects where our investment returns are typically senior to most project costs, debt, and equity. 
 We often make investments where we hold a preferred or mezzanine position in a project company where we are subordinated to project debt and/or preferred forms of equity. Investing greater than 10 of our assets in any individual project company requires the approval of a majority of our independent directors. We may adjust the mix and duration of our assets over time in order to allow us to manage various aspects of our Portfolio, including expected risk-adjusted returns, macroeconomic conditions, liquidity, availability of adequate financing for our assets, and the maintenance of our REIT qualification and our exemption from registration as an investment company under the 1940 Act. 
 As of December 31, 2022, our Portfolio consisted of over 340 investments, with approximately 56 of our Portfolio invested in BTM assets and approximately 40 invested in GC assets, which include our land holdings. The mix of our Portfolio is expected to vary over time, as we seek to manage the diversity of our Portfolio by, among other factors, project type, project operator, type of investment, type of technology, transaction size, geography, obligor, and maturity. 
 As part of our investment process, we calculate the ratio of the estimated first year of metric tons of carbon emissions avoided by our investments divided by the capital invested to quantify the carbon impact of our investments. In this calculation, which we refer to as CarbonCount, we use emissions factor data, expressed on a CO 2 equivalent basis, from the U.S. Government or the International Energy Administration to an estimate of a project s energy production or savings to compute an estimate of metric tons of carbon emissions avoided. We estimate that our investments originated in 2022 will reduce annual carbon emissions by over 600 thousand metric tons, equating to a CarbonCount of 0.35. In addition to carbon, we also consider other environmental attributes, such as water use reduction, stormwater remediation benefits and stream restoration benefits. 
 We believe that our long history of climate solutions investing, the experience, expertise and relationships of our management team, the anticipated credit strength of the obligors or investees involved in our investments and the size and growth potential of our market, position us well to capitalize on our strategy. 
 - 8 - 

Refer to Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Results of Operations, for additional discussion on the performance of our Portfolio. 
 FINANCING STRATEGY 
 We believe we have available a broad range of financing sources as part of our strategy to fund our investments in climate solutions. We may finance our investments through the use of non-recourse debt, recourse debt or equity and may also finance such transactions through the use of off-balance sheet securitizations or syndication structures. When issuing debt, we generally provide the estimated carbon emission savings using CarbonCount. In addition, certain of our debt issuances meet the environmental eligibility criteria for green bonds as defined by the International Capital Markets Association s Green Bond Principles, which we believe makes our debt more attractive for certain investors compared to such offerings that do not qualify under these principles. 
 We plan to raise additional equity capital and continue to use fixed and floating rate borrowings, which may be in the form of short-term commercial paper issuances, revolving credit facilities, term loans, repurchase agreements, and public and private debt issuances, including convertible debt and off-balance sheet securitization structures, as a means of financing our business. We may also consider the use of special purpose entities or funds in which outside investors participate to allow us to expand the investments that we make or to manage our Portfolio diversification. 
 The decision on how we finance our business is largely driven by market conditions including the overall interest rate environment, prevailing credit spreads and the terms of available financing. During periods of market disruption, certain sources of financing may be less accessible than others which may impact our financing decisions. Over time, as market conditions change, we may use other forms of financial leverage in addition to these financing arrangements. Although we are not restricted by any regulatory requirements as to the type or amount of financial leverage we may use, our Board has established a target limit of our leverage ratio, defined as the ratio of debt to equity, of at or below 2.5 to 1, and a target range for our percentage of fixed rate debt to total debt of between 75 and 100 , allowing for percentages as low as 70 on a short term basis if we intend to repay or swap floating rate borrowings in the near term. See additional discussion in Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Conditions and Results of Operations Liquidity and Capital Resources regarding our ongoing evaluation of our leverage limits and fixed-rate debt targets. 
 In our off-balance sheet financings, we transfer all or a portion of an investment to a securitization trust in exchange for cash and/or residual interests in the trust, and in some cases, ongoing fees. The availability of securitization counterparties has remained high throughout various market cycles due to investor demand for high credit quality, long-term climate-positive investments. We may arrange such securitizations of loans or other assets prior to originating the transaction and thus avoid exposure to credit spread, interest rate and funding risks. We also typically manage and service these assets in exchange for fees. We may also use other funds or structures where institutional investors purchase all or a portion of the economics of the transaction and where we may receive upfront or ongoing fees for managing the assets. We periodically provide other services, including arranging financings that are held on the balance sheets of other investors and advising various companies with respect to structuring investments. 
 Refer to Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Conditions and Results of Operations Liquidity and Capital Resources, for additional discussion on our financings and our ratios and Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data, Notes 5, 7 and 8 to our financial statements for further information on the types and amounts of our financing activities. 
 HUMAN CAPITAL STRATEGY 
 An emphasis on a durable social fabric, including diverse, engaged, and fairly compensated staff, is an important factor in our financial success. Our culture is focused on hiring and retaining highly talented employees with diverse backgrounds and empowering them to create value for our stockholders, and our success is dependent on employee understanding of and investment in their role in that value creation. Our employees are responsible for upholding our vision, purpose, and values. 
 It is important to us that our employees are engaged in our mission of sustainability because we believe engagement improves their performance, as well as our employee recruitment and retention. Our chief executive officer periodically leads employee meetings intended to reinforce the importance of sustainability and regularly meets with small groups of employees to receive their feedback on our business. We also meet no less than quarterly as a Company to provide information to employees on our mission, strategic planning and financial results. We continuously evaluate our employees level of engagement through in-person or remote meetings that include asking open-ended questions and through formal surveys or similar tools administered on a periodic basis. 
 We adhere to a blended learning approach with the understanding that our people learn from experiences (on the job and in life), from other people (mentors or supportive managers), and from formal learning and training programs. We acknowledge that learning is highly individualized and needs to be offered in a way that is most conducive to a specific learner s needs. We run a periodic education series that includes internal and external speakers presenting topics of interest that are relevant to our 
 - 9 - 

employees. We provide multiple learning solutions that cover a wide range of areas such as diversity, equity, and inclusion training, leadership skills, financial knowledge, technology training, and presentation skills. We also support the pursuit of advanced certifications and degrees in areas including business, science and engineering, and liberal and fine arts and employ formal and informal coaching arrangements. 
 We care about our employees employment experience and recognize them as individuals who are motivated in different ways. Managers hold performance conversations with their employees on a periodic basis to ensure they receive the performance feedback they deserve, and to allow managers to obtain insight into how to support the development of their staff, and to ensure that performance expectations are clear and aligned with the overarching objectives of the Company. We also provide continuous dialogue in between these formal touchpoints. 
 
 We believe we provide attractive benefits that promote the health of our employees and their families and design compelling job opportunities, aligned with our mission, in an energizing work environment. We also encourage our employees to continue to develop in their careers, including by obtaining advanced degrees or professional certifications. We compensate our employees according to our fair remuneration policies and believe in paying for performance. Therefore, employees typically receive a portion of their compensation in the form of annual bonuses as well as equity grants which are both tied in part to the Company s financial performance. We encourage our employees to contribute their time to support various community and charitable activities and contribute to local community organizations with a primary focus on organizations addressing issues around environmental and social justice. In addition to competitive base salaries, cash bonuses, and equity participation for most employees, we are committed to continuously evaluating and ensuring the competitiveness of our benefits offerings so that we meet the various needs of our employees and their families. Despite a healthcare environment that is facing rising costs, we continue to pay substantially all of the cost of our employees healthcare insurance. Further, in addition to what we believe to be market total rewards benefits, we provide additional benefits, such as on-site seasonal vaccination clinics, back-up childcare solutions, and a tuition reimbursement program. 
 We take a values-driven, broad view of diversity, equity, and inclusion. We believe that fostering an internal climate that is supportive and allows people of all backgrounds to flourish lends itself to the highest levels of company performance and facilitates the attraction and retention of best-in-class talent. We also believe it is inherently the right way to conduct business. We support an innovative, creative culture where people can bring their best and most authentic selves to work. Employees who hold divergent opinions are encouraged to voice their views. We track and report internally on key talent metrics including workforce demographics, critical role pipeline data, diversity data, and engagement and inclusion indices. 
 Decisions regarding staffing, selection, and promotions are made on the basis of individual qualifications related to the requirements of the position. We are committed to identifying and developing the next generation of leaders. We endeavor to select qualified individuals from a diverse pool of candidates derived from broad outreach efforts when we are recruiting. We are committed to the sourcing and/or promotion of highly-qualified women, people of color and other under-represented groups for management and Board positions. To better support our female and underrepresented employees in their onboarding, training, development and progression within the Company, we have established a mentorship program where certain members of our Board mentor female employees who are developing managers. 
 Our policy is equal pay for equal work in compliance with applicable state law. Compensation for our employees is based upon experience, seniority, educational attainment, and individual contribution and company performance against goals. 
 As of December 31, 2022, we employed 114 people. We intend to hire additional business professionals as needed to assist in the implementation of our business strategy. Refer to Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations - Results of Operations Human Capital Metrics for discussion of metrics related to our Human Capital Strategy. 
 ENVIRONMENTAL AND SOCIAL RESPONSIBILITY AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 
 We own and invest in a diversified portfolio of climate solutions projects focused on reducing or mitigating the impacts of climate change. Under the direction of our chief executive officer and the Board, we are focused on achieving a high level of environmental and social responsibility and strong corporate governance. The Nominating, Governance and Corporate Responsibility Committee of our Board is responsible for our ESG oversight, including related policies and communications. Additionally, we have a committee of employees from across our organization that is focused on implementing ESG strategies and policies and reports directly to our chief executive officer. Annually we publish a report that illustrates our progress on these matters. 
 Environmental Responsibility. Our business and business strategy are focused on addressing climate change, in part through the reduction of carbon emissions that have been scientifically linked to climate change. As described under Investment Strategy , we quantify the carbon impact of each of our investments. In addition, we operate our business in a manner intended to reduce our own environmental impact, including by purchasing carbon-free renewable energy for our office, encouraging recycling and composting, and offering clean transportation employee incentives for electric and hybrid vehicles. We have also adopted policies focused on minimizing the environmental impact of our operations. 
 - 10 - 

Through our membership in the Net Zero Asset Managers Initiative, we are pleased to participate in the Glasgow Financial Alliance for Net Zero, which brings the financial sector together to accelerate a shared commitment to decarbonizing the global economy. In 2021, we established targets for our transition to net-zero carbon emissions by 2050 using the foundational framework developed by the Science Based Targets Initiative. 
 We are a signatory to the United Nations Global Compact, an initiative focused on responsible business practices related to human rights, labor, the environment and anti-corruption. We participate in a number of initiatives and coalitions that share our commitment to climate action, corporate sustainability, climate-risk disclosure and reporting, and the expansion of clean energy including the United Nations-supported Principles for Responsible Investment, the United Nations Global Compact campaign entitled Business Ambition for 1.5 , Climate Action 100+, and the reporting framework established by an international consortium of business and environmental NGOs referred to as the Climate Disclosure Standards Board. 
 Social Responsibility. We recognize that the effects of pollution, environmental degradation, increased climate-fueled extreme weather events, and the economic transition away from fossil fuels fall most heavily on marginalized communities in our society, especially communities of color. We know that the effects of climate change are already disproportionately impacting disadvantaged communities, and these adverse outcomes will be exacerbated if we do not eliminate harmful greenhouse gas emissions. Equally so, we acknowledge the legacy of discriminatory policies in creating and perpetuating this imbalance. 
 
 We believe in every person s inherent worth and dignity and that we should all have access to clean water, clean air, healthy food, resilient and reliable shelter and energy, and good paying jobs. We believe these disparities must be addressed while society works to accelerate the transition to a net-zero economy, both here in the United States and across the globe, a concept we refer to as climate justice . 
 
 We are determined to incorporate climate justice ideals and actions across our entire business, including in our process for underwriting investments, our engagement with business partners, our human capital strategy, philanthropy, and policy advocacy efforts. In 2021, we established the Hannon Armstrong Foundation, that provides cash and in-kind support to programs which provide climate solutions investments and career opportunities for those from historically underrepresented communities, as well as organizations across our local region that seek to strengthen the social fabric and promote economic and climate resiliency. 
 Corporate Governance. We are focused on achieving best-in-class corporate governance practices to help ensure that our team will operate in a manner consistent with our organizational mission and deliver attractive risk-adjusted returns. Our corporate governance philosophy is based on maintaining a close alignment of our interests with those of our stakeholders. Notable features of our corporate governance structure include the following: 
 our Corporate Governance Guidelines provide for a majority vote policy for the election of directors pursuant to which any nominee who receives a greater number of votes withheld from his or her election than votes for such election shall promptly tender his or her resignation to our Board for their consideration to accept or reject such resignation; 
 our Board is not staggered, with each of our directors subject to re-election annually; 
 our Board has determined that eight of our nine directors are independent for purposes of the New York Stock Exchange NYSE corporate governance listing standards and Rule 10A-3 under the Exchange Act; 
 we have a lead independent director of the Board that convenes and chairs executive sessions of the independent directors to discuss certain matters without management or the chairman present; 
 effective March 1, 2023, we have separated the executive chairman and chief executive officer roles as discussed in Item 9B of this Form 10-K; 
 three of our directors qualify as an audit committee financial expert as defined by the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC 
 three of our directors (including our lead independent director) are women and one of our directors is a person of color constituting 33 and 11 respectively, of our Board in furtherance of our board diversity policy; 
 a target retirement age of 75 has been established for our directors; 
 we have an active stockholder outreach program, including providing stockholders the right to vote on an advisory basis on the fairness of the remuneration of executives; 
 our Board members and named executive officers are required to maintain certain levels of stock ownership in our company ranging between three and six times their base salary or retainer, depending on position; 
 - 11 - 

we have a Clawback Policy that provides for the possible recoupment of performance or incentive-based compensation in the event of an accounting restatement due to material noncompliance by us with any financial reporting requirements under the securities laws (other than due to a change in applicable accounting methods, rules or interpretations); 
 we have opted out of the control share acquisition statute in the Maryland General Corporations Law (the MGCL 
 stockholders have the ability to amend the Company s bylaws by the affirmative vote of the holders of a majority of the outstanding shares of common stock of the Company pursuant to a binding proposal submitted by a stockholder; 
 we have exempted from the business combinations statute in the MGCL transactions that are approved by our Board (including a majority of our directors who are not affiliates or associates of the acquiring person); and 
 we do not have a stockholder rights plan (i.e., no poison pill). 
 In order to foster the highest standards of ethics and conduct in all business relationships, we have adopted a Code of Business Conduct and Ethics policy (the Code of Conduct ). This policy covers a wide range of business practices and procedures and applies to our officers, directors, employees, agents, representatives, and consultants. In addition, we have implemented whistleblowing procedures designed to facilitate the report of accounting and auditing matters as well as Code of Conduct matters (the Whistleblower Policy that sets forth procedures by which any Covered Persons (as defined in the Whistleblower Policy) may report, on a confidential basis, concerns regarding, among other things, any questionable or unethical accounting, internal accounting controls or auditing matters with our Audit Committee as well as any potential Code of Conduct or ethics violations with our Nominating, Governance and Corporate Responsibility Committee or our Chief Legal Officer. 
 We have adopted a Statement of Corporate Policy Regarding Equity Transactions that governs the process to be followed in the purchase or sale of our securities by any of our directors, officers, employees and consultants and prohibits any such persons from buying or selling our securities on the basis of material nonpublic information, and also prohibits our directors and officers from hedging equity securities of the Company, holding such securities in a margin account or pledging such securities as collateral for a loan. We review all of these policies on a periodic basis with our employees. 
 Our business is managed by our leadership team, subject to the supervision and oversight of our Board. Our directors stay informed about our business by attending meetings of our Board and its committees and through supplemental reports and communications. 
 OUR FOCUS ON TRANSPARENT ESG REPORTING 
 We believe in transparent reporting relating to ESG matters because we believe such reporting improves the understanding of our financial results. As discussed in the Investment Strategy section above, we quantify the environmental impact of every transaction we execute through the application of CarbonCount. Our 2022 CarbonCount and avoided emissions for investments originated in 2022 can be found in Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Results of Operations Environmental Metrics . 
 We continue to implement the TCFD recommendations, and the recommended disclosures are located in this filing as follows; 
 Governance - Environmental and Social Responsibility and Corporate Governance , 
 Strategy - Investment Strategy 
 Risk Management - Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations - Factors Impacting our Operating Results Impact of climate of climate change on our future operations (Scenario Analysis) and Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk Risk Management , and 
 Metrics and Targets - Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Results of Operations - Environmental Metrics . 
 In addition to the above environmental reporting initiatives, in 2022, we reported our corporate emissions under PCAF, a global financial industry-led partnership to implement a consistent and transparent disclosure framework to report carbon emissions and avoided emissions resulting from financed assets. We also disclose metrics related to our Human Capital Strategy. Refer to Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Results of Operations Human Capital Metrics . When issuing debt, we generally provide the estimated carbon emission savings using CarbonCount, and in some instances are able to achieve better borrowing rates by achieving certain CarbonCount scores. C ertain of our debt issuances have been evaluated to determine that they meet the environmental eligibility criteria for green bonds as defined by the International Capital Markets Association s Green Bond Principles. 
 - 12 - 

COMPETITION 
 We compete against a number of parties, including banks, private equity, hedge or infrastructure investment funds, insurance companies, mutual funds, institutional investors, investment banking firms, specialty finance companies, utilities, independent power producers, project developers, pension funds, governmental bodies, private credit platforms, green banks, and public entities established to own infrastructure assets and other entities. 
 We compete primarily on the basis of service, price, structure and flexibility as well as the breadth and depth of our expertise. We may at times compete and at other times partner or work as a participant with alternative financing sources. The continued low yields in alternative investment opportunities and increasing investor acceptance of the climate solutions market has increased the level of competition we experience. We may also encounter competition in the form of potential customers or our origination partners electing to use their own capital rather than engaging us as an outside capital provider. In addition, we may also face competition based on technological developments that reduce demand for electricity, increase power supplies through existing infrastructure or that otherwise compete with climate solutions projects in which we have invested. We believe that a significant part of our competitive advantage is our management team s experience and industry expertise. 
 For additional information concerning these competitive risks, see Item 1A. Risk Factors We operate in a competitive market, which may impact the terms of the investments we make. 
 INFORMATION ABOUT OUR EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND OTHER LEADERSHIP TEAM PERSONNEL 
 Our executive officers and other leadership team personnel and their biographies are provided below. On February 16, 2023, we announced that Jeffrey W. Eckel will become executive chair of our Board, Jeffrey A. Lipson will become president and chief executive officer, and Marc T. Pangburn will become executive vice president and chief financial officer, each effective as of March 1, 2023. 
 Jeffrey W. Eckel , 64, has served as our president, chief executive officer, and chairman of our Board since 2013 and was with the predecessor of our company as president and chief executive officer since 2000 and prior to that from 1985 to 1989 as a senior vice president. Mr. Eckel is on the board of trustees of The Nature Conservancy of Maryland and DC. Mr. Eckel was appointed by the governor of Maryland to the board of the Maryland Clean Energy Center in 2011 where Mr. Eckel served until 2016 while also serving as its chairman from 2012 to 2014. Mr. Eckel has over 35 years of experience in financing, owning and operating infrastructure and energy assets. Mr. Eckel received a Bachelor of Arts degree from Miami University in 1980 and a Master of Public Administration degree from Syracuse University, Maxwell School of Citizenship and Public Affairs, in 1981. He holds Series 24, 63 and 79 securities licenses. 
 Jeffrey A. Lipson , 55, has served as an executive vice president and our chief operating officer since 2021 and as our chief financial officer since 2019. Previously, Mr. Lipson was president and chief executive officer and director of Congressional Bancshares and its subsidiary Congressional Bank (now Forbright Bank). Mr. Lipson has also been a senior vice president and the treasurer of CapitalSource Inc. and its subsidiary CapitalSource Bank and a senior vice president, Corporate Treasury, at Bank of America and its predecessor FleetBoston Financial. Mr. Lipson received a Bachelor of Science degree in Economics from Pennsylvania State University in 1989 and a Masters in Business Administration in Finance from New York University s Leonard N. Stern School of Business in 1993. Mr. Lipson serves on the board of directors of the Jewish Council for the Aging of Greater Washington. 
 Susan D. Nickey , 62, has served as an executive vice president and our chief client officer since January 2021 and is responsible for leading business development and managing client relationships. Ms. Nickey previously served as a managing director from 2014 to 2021. Ms. Nickey currently serves as chair-elect on the board of directors of the American Clean Power Association and is a member of the President s Council at Ceres, a non-profit sustainability advocacy organization. Previously, she founded and served as CEO of Threshold Power. Ms. Nickey received a Bachelor in Business Administration from the University of Notre Dame in 1983 and a Master s of Science in Foreign Service from Georgetown University in 1986. 
 Steven L. Chuslo , 65, has served as an executive vice president and our general counsel and secretary since 2013 and the chief legal officer since January 2021. Previously, Mr. Chuslo has served with the predecessor of our company as general counsel and secretary since 2008. Mr. Chuslo is responsible for governance support to the Board and management and oversees the company s legal resources in the investment and portfolio management activities. Mr. Chuslo has more than 30 years of experience in the fields of securities, commercial and project finance, energy project development, and U.S. federal regulation. Mr. Chuslo received a Bachelor of Arts degree in History from the University of Massachusetts/Amherst and a Juris Doctorate from the Georgetown University Law Center. 
 Nathaniel J. Rose , CFA, 45, has served as executive vice president since 2015 and a co-chief investment officer beginning in 2021. Previously, Mr. Rose served as our chief operating officer from 2015 to 2017, our chief investment officer from 2013 to 2015 and 2017 to 2020 and has been with the Company and its predecessor since 2000. Mr. Rose has been involved with a vast majority of our transactions since 2000. Mr. Rose earned a joint Bachelor of Science and Bachelor of Arts degree from the University of Richmond in 2000, a Master of Business Administration degree from the Darden School of 
 - 13 - 

Business Administration at the University of Virginia in 2009, is a CFA charter holder and has passed the CPA examination. He holds a Series 63 and 79 securities licenses. 
 Daniel K. McMahon , CFA, 51, has served us as an executive vice president since 2015 and is the co-head of our portfolio management group and the head of our syndication group. He has been with the Company and its predecessor since 2000 in a variety of roles, including as a senior vice president from 2007 to 2015. He has played a role in analyzing, negotiating, structuring, and managing several billion dollars of transactions. Mr. McMahon received his Bachelor of Arts degree from the University of California, San Diego in 1993, and is a CFA charter holder. He holds Series 24, 63 and 79 securities licenses. 
 Marc T. Pangburn , 37, has served as an executive vice president and a co-chief investment officer since January 2021. Mr. Pangburn joined the Company in 2013 and previously served as a managing director until 2021, and is jointly responsible for the Company s investing activities. Previously, Mr. Pangburn worked at MP2 Capital, a solar development and financing company, where he was responsible for structuring the firm s transactions, and worked in the private capital group at New York Life Investments, focusing on utilities, energy and infrastructure debt and equity investments. Mr. Pangburn received his Bachelor of Arts degree in economics from Drew University. 
 Richard R. Santoroski , 58, has served as executive vice president and co-head of portfolio management since October 2021, previously serving as chief analytics officer since January 2021 after joining the company in 2020 as a managing director. Mr. Santoroski is responsible for integrating analytics across portfolio, investment, and risk-related decisions. Previously, Mr. Santorski served as co-founder and managing partner of Wye Holdings from 2017 to 2020. From 2012 to 2016, he served as co-founder and managing director of American Capital Energy and Infrastructure (ACEI), an emerging markets investor in power generation projects across Africa, Asia, Latin America, and the Middle East. Prior to ACEI, Mr. Santoroski served as executive vice president, chief risk officer, and head of corporate mergers, acquisitions development of The AES Corporation. Prior to joining AES, he worked for several years at New York State Electric and Gas as an engineer and energy trader. Mr. Santoroski holds a Bachelor of Science degree in electrical engineering from Pennsylvania State University as well as a Master of Science degree in electrical engineering and a Master of Business Administration degree from Syracuse University. 
 Katherine McGregor Dent , 50, has served as our senior vice president and chief human resources officer since April 2020, focusing on culture, strategy, and organizational development. Previously, Ms. Dent served as vice president, deputy general counsel, and assistant secretary from 2003 to 2020, where she played a key role in structuring, developing, negotiating, and closing billions of dollars of transactions for the Company. Ms. Dent received a Bachelor of Arts in English from Niagara University in 1993 and a Juris Doctor from the University at Buffalo School of Law in 1996. Ms. Dent serves on the board of trustees for St. Anne s School of Annapolis, for which she served as Chair from 2020 to 2022. 
 Amanuel Haile-Mariam , 43, has served as a managing director since joining the Company in 2021 and is responsible for the company s structured investments in Grid-Connected renewable energy markets. Prior to joining the Company, Mr. Haile-Mariam worked at GE Energy Financial Services for 15 years leading the execution, asset management, capital raise and divestment of energy infrastructure projects. Prior to joining GE Energy Financial Services, he worked at GE Corporate Audit Staff, conducting financial audits, leading simplification and operational excellence projects. Mr. Haile-Mariam received his Bachelor of Science degree in accounting and Master of Business Administration in finance from the University of Connecticut. 
 Charles W. Melko , CPA, 42, has served as a senior vice president and our chief accounting officer since 2017 and as our treasurer since January 2021. He joined the Company in 2016 as a senior vice president and controller and has since been responsible for leading the company s accounting and financial reporting function. In his treasurer role, he is involved in the company s cash management and related capital markets activities. Previously, he served in a number of roles at PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP since 2005, including as a Senior Manager in the National Professional Services Group where he focused on complex financial instruments accounting issues for energy clients. Mr. Melko received a Bachelor of Science degree in Accountancy in 2002, a Master of Business Administration degree in 2005 and a Master of Science degree in Accountancy from Wheeling Jesuit University in 2005. He holds a CPA license in West Virginia and Maryland and is also a Certified Treasury Professional (CTP). 
 Annmarie Reynolds , 53, has served as a managing director since joining the Company in 2022 and is responsible for building and growing the company s investment in markets beyond current asset classes. Prior to joining the Company, Ms. Reynolds worked at The AES Corporation for 22 years serving in several senior roles including chief customer officer, chief commercial officer US and Eurasia, chief risk officer and managing director climate solutions. Prior to joining The AES Corporation, she worked several years at New York State Electric and Gas as an energy trader and engineer. Ms. Reynolds received her Bachelor of Science degree in Mechanical Engineering from Rutgers University, the State University of New Jersey. 
 Daniela Shapiro , 48, joined the Company as managing director in 2022 and is responsible for growing the company s investments in Behind-the-Meter opportunities and expanding solutions for broader onsite and as-a-service offerings. Daniela has over 20 years of energy industry experience. Prior to joining the Company, Ms. Shapiro was the CFO for Guzman Energy 
 - 14 - 

and held various other executive positions, including at SoCore/ ENGIE. Prior to this, Ms. Shapiro worked in the banking industry for 10 years, where she was responsible for deploying capital in energy and infrastructure assets, including tax equity investments in renewable energy projects. Ms. Shapiro received her Bachelor of Science degree in Electrical Engineering from UNIFEI in Brazil, and her MBA from Northwestern University s Kellogg School of Management. 
 AVAILABLE INFORMATION 
 We maintain a website at www.hannonarmstrong.com. Information on our website is not incorporated by reference in this Form 10-K. We will make available, free of charge, on our website (a) our Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q and current reports on Form 8-K (including any amendments thereto), proxy statements and other information (collectively, Company Documents filed with, or furnished to, the SEC, as soon as reasonably practicable after such documents are so filed or furnished, (b) Corporate Governance Guidelines, (c) Director Independence Standards, (d) Code of Business Conduct and Ethics policy and (e) written charters of the Audit Committee, Compensation Committee, Nominating, Governance and Corporate Responsibility Committee and Finance and Risk Committee of our Board. Company Documents filed with, or furnished to, the SEC are also available for review by the public at the SEC s website at www.sec.gov. We provide copies of our Corporate Governance Guidelines and Code of Business Conduct and Ethics policy, free of charge, to stockholders who request such documents. Requests should be directed to Investor Relations, One Park Place, Suite 200, Annapolis, Maryland 21401, (410) 571-9860. 

Item 1A. Risk Factors 
 Our business and operations are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties, the occurrence of which could adversely affect our business, financial condition, consolidated results of operations and ability to make distributions to stockholders and could cause the value of our capital stock to decline. We may refer to the energy efficiency, renewable energy and the other sustainable infrastructure projects or market collectively as climate solutions projects or the industry. Please also refer to the sections entitled Forward-Looking Statements and Risk Factor Summary . 
 Risks Related to Our Business and Our Industry 
 Our business depends in part on U.S. federal, state and local government policies, and a decline in the level of government support could harm our business. 
 The projects in which we invest typically depend in part on various U.S. federal, state or local governmental policies and incentives that support or enhance project economic feasibility. Such policies may include governmental initiatives, laws and regulations designed to reduce energy usage and impact the use of renewable energy or the investment in and the use of climate solutions, including the Infrastructure Investment and Jobs Act and the Inflation Reduction Act. 
 U.S. federal policies and incentives include, for example, tax credits (including credits that have been recently reduced and scheduled to be eliminated or phased out in the future), tax deductions, bonus depreciation, federal grants and loan guarantees and energy market regulations. State and local governments policies and incentives include, for example, renewable portfolio standards RPS ), commercial property assessed clean energy C-PACE programs, feed-in tariffs, other tariffs, tax incentives and other cash and non-cash payments. 
 Governmental agencies, commercial entities and developers of climate solutions projects frequently depend on these policies and incentives to help defray the costs associated with, and to finance, various projects. Government regulations also impact the terms of third-party financing provided to support these projects, including through energy savings performance contracts. If any of these government policies, incentives or regulations are adversely amended, delayed, eliminated, reduced, retroactively changed or not extended beyond their current expiration dates, or there is a negative impact from the recent federal law changes or proposals, the operating results of the projects we finance and the demand for, and the returns available from, the investments we make may decline, which could harm our business. 
 U.S. federal, state and local government entities are major participants in, and regulators of, the energy industry, and their actions could be adverse to our project companies or our company. 
 The projects we invest in are subject to substantial regulation by U.S. federal, state and local governmental agencies. For example, many projects require government permits, licenses, concessions, leases or contracts. Government entities, due to the wide-ranging scope of their authority, have significant leverage in setting their contractual and regulatory relationships with third parties. In addition, government permits, licenses, concessions, leases and contracts are generally very complex, which may result in periods of non-compliance, or disputes over interpretation or enforceability. If the projects in which we invest fail to obtain or comply with applicable regulations, permits, or contractual obligations, they could be prevented from being constructed or subjected to monetary penalties or loss of operational rights, which could negatively impact project operating results and the returns on our assets. In addition, government counterparties also may have the discretion to change or increase regulation of project operations, or implement laws or regulations affecting project operations, separate from any contractual 
 - 15 - 

rights they may have. These actions could adversely impact the efficient and profitable operation of the projects in which we invest. 
 Contracts with government counterparties that support the projects in which we invest may be more favorable to the government counterparties compared to commercial contracts with private parties. For example, a lease, concession or general service contract may enable the government to modify or terminate the contract without requiring the payment of adequate compensation. Typically, our contracts with government counterparties contain termination provisions including prepayment amounts. In most cases, the prepayment amounts provide us with amounts sufficient to repay the financing we have provided but may be less than amounts that would be payable under make whole provisions customarily found in commercial lending arrangements. 
 Government entities may also suspend or debar contractors from doing business with the government or pursue various criminal or civil remedies under various government contract regulations. They may also issue new government contracts or fail to extend existing government contracts. Our ability to originate new assets could be adversely affected if one or more of the ESCOs or other origination sources with whom we have relationships are suspended or debarred or fail to win new, or renew existing, contracts. 
 If the cost of energy generated by traditional sources of energy continues to stay or further declines from present levels, demand for the projects in which we invest may decline. 
 Many traditional sources of energy such as coal, petroleum-based fuels and natural gas can be influenced by the price of underlying or substitute commodities. Such prices, which have decreased and may continue to decrease, may reduce the demand for energy efficiency projects or other projects, including renewable energy facilities, that do not rely on fossil fuel energy sources. For example, low natural gas prices may reduce the demand for projects like renewable energy that can substitute for natural gas. Low natural gas prices also typically adversely affect both the price available to renewable energy projects under future power sale agreements and the price of the electricity the projects sell on either a forward or a spot-market basis. Further, as has occurred in the past, technological progress in electricity generation, storage or in the production of traditional fuels or the discovery of large new deposits of traditional fuels could reduce the cost of energy generated from those sources and consequently reduce the demand for the types of projects in which we invest, which could harm our new business origination prospects as well as the value of our existing Portfolio. In addition, volatility in commodity prices, including energy prices, may cause building owners and other parties to be reluctant to commit to projects for which repayment is based upon a fixed monetary value for energy savings that would not decline if the price of energy declines. Any resulting decline in demand for our investments or the price that industry participants receive for the sale of fossil fuel could adversely impact our operating results. 
 If the market for various types of climate solutions projects or the investment techniques related to such projects do not develop as we anticipate, new business generation in this target area may be adversely impacted. 
 The market for various types of climate solutions projects is emerging and rapidly evolving, leaving their future success uncertain. If some or all market segments or investing techniques prove unsuitable for widespread commercial deployment or if demand for such projects or techniques fail to grow sufficiently, the demand for our capital may decline or develop more slowly than we anticipate. Many factors will influence the widespread adoption and demand for such projects and investing techniques, including general and local economic conditions, commodity prices of fossil fuel energy sources, the cost and availability of energy storage, the cost-effectiveness of various projects and techniques, performance and reliability of such technologies compared to conventional power sources and technologies, and the extent of government subsidies and regulatory developments. Any changes in the markets, products, technologies, financing techniques, or the regulatory environment could adversely impact the demand or financial performance for such projects and our investments. 
 Some projects in which we invest rely on net metering and related policies to improve project economics which if reduced could impact repayment of our investments or the return on our assets. 
 There has been a nationwide increase in distributed generation which has prompted discussions among policy makers and regulators regarding ways to both better integrate distributed energy resources into the electric grid and how to compensate distributed generators. Many states have a regulatory policy known as net energy metering, or net metering. Net metering typically allows some project customers to interconnect their on-site solar or other renewable energy systems to the utility grid and offset their utility electricity purchases by receiving a bill credit at the utility s retail rate for the amount of energy in excess of their electric usage that is generated by their renewable energy system and is exported to the grid. At the end of the billing period, the customer simply pays for the net energy used or receives a credit at the retail rate if more energy is produced than consumed. Net metering policies are under review or have been limited or amended in a number of states. The ability and willingness of customers to pay for renewable energy systems that benefit from net metering rules may be reduced if net metering rules are eliminated or their benefits reduced, which may also impact our returns on such systems. 
 - 16 - 

Existing electric utility industry regulations, and changes to regulations, may present technical, regulatory and economic barriers to the purchase and use of renewable energy and energy efficiency systems that may significantly reduce demand for systems and projects in which we invest or may adversely affect the profitability of such projects. 
 Federal, state and local government regulations and policies concerning the electric utility industry, and internal policies and regulations promulgated by electric utilities, heavily influence the market for electricity products and services. These regulations and policies often relate to electricity pricing and the interconnection of customer-owned electricity generation. In the United States, governments and utilities continuously modify these regulations and policies. These regulations and policies could deter customers from purchasing energy efficiency and renewable energy systems. For example, Federal Energy Regulatory Commission FERC recently conducted its own review of grid resiliency and the functioning of electricity markets and has made, and could continue to make, changes to policies and regulations related to the function of the electricity markets and grid resiliency which may negatively impact the use of renewable energy or encourage the use of fossil fuel energy over renewable energy. This could result in a significant reduction in the potential demand for such systems. Utilities commonly charge fees to larger, industrial customers for disconnecting from the electric grid or for having the capacity to use power from the electric grid for back-up purposes. In addition, there is an increasing trend towards initiating or increasing fixed fees for users to have electricity service from a utility. These fees could increase our customers cost to use energy efficiency and renewable energy systems not supplied by the utility and make them less desirable, thereby harming our business, prospects, financial condition and results of operations. In addition, any changes to government or internal utility regulations and policies that favor electric utilities could reduce competitiveness and cause a significant reduction in demand for systems in which we invest. 
 Further, certain climate solutions projects in which we invest may be qualifying facilities that are exempt from rate regulation as public utilities by FERC under the Federal Power Act, (the FPA ). FERC regulations under the FPA confer upon these qualifying facilities key rights to interconnection with local utilities and can entitle such facilities to enter into PPAs with local utilities, from which the qualifying facilities benefit. Changes to these U.S. federal laws and regulations could increase the regulatory burdens and costs and could reduce the revenue of the project. In addition, modifications to the pricing policies of utilities could require climate solutions projects to achieve lower prices in order to compete with the price of electricity from the electric grid and may reduce the economic attractiveness of certain energy efficiency measures. To the extent that the projects in which we invest are subject to rate regulation, the project owners will be required to obtain FERC acceptance of their rate schedules for wholesale sales of energy, capacity and ancillary services. Any adverse changes in the rates project owners are permitted to charge could negatively impact the repayment of our investments, or the return on our assets. 
 In addition, the operation of, and electrical interconnection for, our climate solutions projects may be subject to U.S. federal, state or local interconnection and federal reliability standards, some of which are set forth in utility tariffs. These standards and tariffs specify rules, business practices and economic terms to which the projects in which we invest are subject and that may impact a project s ability to deliver the electricity it produces or transports to its end customer. The tariffs are drafted by the utilities and approved by the utilities state and U.S. federal regulatory commissions. These standards and tariffs change frequently and it is possible that future changes will increase our administrative burden or adversely affect the terms and conditions under which the projects render services to their customers. 
 Under certain circumstances, we may also be subject to the reliability standards of the North American Electric Reliability Corporation. If project owners fail to comply with the mandatory reliability standards, they could be subject to sanctions, including substantial monetary penalties, which could also raise credit risks for, or lower the returns available from, the project companies in which we invest. 
 These various regulations may also limit the transferability or sale of renewable energy projects and any such limits could negatively impact our returns from such projects. 
 We are subject to risks related to our ESG activities and disclosures. 
 Our ESG strategy and practices and the level of transparency with which we are approaching them are foundational to our business and expose us to several risks, including: 
 that we may fail or be unable to fully achieve one or more of our ESG goals due to a range of factors within or beyond our control, or that we may adjust or modify our goals in light of new information, adjusted projections, or a change in business strategy, which could negatively impact our reputation and our business; 
 that a failure to or perception of a failure to disclose metrics and set goals that are rigorous enough or in an acceptable format, a failure to appropriately manage selection of goals, a failure to or perception of a failure to make appropriate disclosures, stockholder perception of a failure to prioritize the correct ESG goals, or an unfavorable ESG-related rating by a third party, that could negatively impact our reputation and our business; 
 that certain data we utilize in our CarbonCount or similar metric calculations is prepared by third parties or receives limited assurance from and/or verification by third parties and may undergo a less rigorous review process than 
 - 17 - 

assurance sought in connection with more traditional audits and such review process may not identify errors and may not protect us from potential liability under the securities laws, and, if errors are identified our reputation and our business could be negatively impacted and if we were to seek more extensive assurance or attestation with respect to such ESG metrics, we may be unable to obtain such assurance or attestation or may face increased costs related to obtaining and/or maintaining such assurance or attestation; 
 that the ESG or sustainability standards, norms, or metrics, which are constantly evolving, change in a manner that impacts us negatively or requires us to change the content or manner of our disclosures, and our stockholders or third parties view such changes negatively, we are unable to adequately explain such changes, or we are required to expend significant resources to update our disclosures, any of which could negatively impact our reputation and our business; and 
 that our business could be negatively impacted if any of our disclosures, including our CarbonCount or similar metrics, reporting to third-party ESG standards, or reporting against our goals, are inaccurate, perceived to be inaccurate, or alleged to be inaccurate. 
 We operate in a competitive market, which may impact the terms of our investments. 
 We compete against a number of parties who may provide alternatives to our investments including, among others, a wide variety of financial institutions, government entities and energy industry participants. A historically low interest rate environment over the past several years and increasing investor acceptance of the climate solutions market increased the level of competition we experience, and we expect supportive government policies and initiatives to further increase competition in the markets in which we invest. We also encounter competition in the form of potential customers or our origination partners electing to use their own capital rather than engaging an outside provider such as us. In addition, we also face competition based on technological developments that reduce demand for electricity, increase power supplies through existing infrastructure or that otherwise compete with our climate solutions projects. Some of our competitors are significantly larger than we are, have access to greater capital and other resources than we do and may have other advantages over us. In addition, some of our competitors have higher risk tolerances or different risk assessments, which allow those competitors to consider a wider variety of investments and establish more relationships than we can. Further, many of our competitors are not subject to the operating constraints associated with REIT tax compliance or maintenance of an exemption from the 1940 Act. These characteristics could allow our competitors to consider a wider variety of opportunities, establish more relationships and offer better pricing and more flexible structuring than we can offer. We may lose business opportunities if we do not match our competitors pricing, terms and structure. If we match our competitors pricing, terms and structure, we may not be able to achieve acceptable risk-adjusted returns on our assets or we may be forced to bear greater risks of loss. The increase in the number or the size of our competitors in this market has resulted, and could continue to result, in less attractive terms on our investments or the need to accept a higher level of risks associated with our investments. As a result, competitive pressures we face could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 A change in the fiscal health, level of appropriations or budgets of U.S. federal, state and local governments could reduce demand for our investments. 
 Although our energy efficiency investments do not normally require additional governmental appropriations to cover repayment due to the energy and operating savings derived from the newly installed equipment and systems, a significant decline in the fiscal health, level of appropriations or budgets of government customers may make it difficult for them to remain current on existing payment obligations or undesirable to enter into new energy efficiency improvement projects. Alternatively, some government entities may choose to provide appropriations or other credit support for climate solutions projects, which would negatively impact the use of private capital such as ours. This could have a material and adverse effect on the return of and return on our investments for existing projects and on our ability to originate new assets. Moreover, other changes in resources available to governments may also impact their willingness to undertake energy efficiency projects. For example, an increase in money set aside for government expenditures for energy efficiency projects may reduce demand for our investments. 
 In addition, to the extent we make investments that involve direct appropriations, we will depend on approval of the necessary spending for the projects. The repayment of the investment, or the return on our asset, could be adversely affected if appropriations for any such projects are delayed or terminated. 
 Risks Related to Our Assets and Projects in Which We Invest 
 Changes in interest rates could adversely affect the value of our assets and negatively affect our profitability. 
 Interest rates are highly sensitive to many factors, including governmental monetary and tax policies, domestic and international economic and political considerations and other factors beyond our control. Many of our assets pay a fixed rate of interest or provide a fixed preferential return. 
 - 18 - 

With respect to our business operations, increases in interest rates, have caused, and in general, may in the future cause: (1) project owners to be less interested in borrowing or raising equity and thus reduce the demand for our investments; (2) the interest expense associated with our borrowings to increase; (3) the market value of our fixed rate or fixed return assets to decline; and (4) the market value of any fixed-rate interest rate swap agreements to increase. Decreases in interest rates, in general, may over time cause: (1) project owners to be more interested in borrowing or raising equity thus increase the demand for our assets; (2) prepayments on our assets, to the extent allowed, to increase; (3) the interest expense associated with our borrowings to decrease; (4) the market value of our fixed rate or fixed return assets to increase; and (5) the market value of any fixed-rate interest rate swap agreements to decrease. Adverse developments resulting from changes in interest rates could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 The lack of liquidity of our assets may adversely affect our business, including our ability to value our assets. 
 Volatile market conditions could significantly and negatively impact the liquidity of our assets. Illiquid assets typically experience greater price volatility, as a ready market does not exist, and can be more difficult to value. In addition, validating third-party pricing for illiquid assets may be more subjective than more liquid assets. The illiquidity of our assets may make it difficult for us to sell such assets if the need or desire arises. In addition, if we are required to liquidate all or a portion of our Portfolio quickly, we may realize significantly less than the value at which we have previously recorded our assets. To the extent that we utilize leverage to finance our investments that are or become illiquid, the negative impact on us related to trying to sell assets in a short period of time for cash could be greatly exacerbated. As a result, our ability to vary our Portfolio in response to changes in economic and other conditions may be relatively limited, which could adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition. 
 Some of the assets in our Portfolio may be recorded at fair value and, as a result, there could be uncertainty as to the value of these assets. Further, we may experience a decline in the fair value of our assets. 
 Our investments are not publicly traded. The fair value of assets that are not publicly traded may not be readily determinable. In accordance with GAAP, we record certain of our assets at fair value, which may include unobservable inputs. Because such valuations are subjective, the fair value of these assets may fluctuate over short periods of time and our determinations of fair value may differ materially from the values that would have been used if a ready market for these assets existed. The value of our common stock could be adversely affected if our determinations regarding the fair value of these assets were materially higher than the values that we ultimately realize upon their disposal. Additionally, our results of operations for a given period could be adversely affected if our determinations regarding the fair value of these assets were materially higher than the values that we ultimately realize upon their disposal. The valuation process can be particularly challenging during periods when market events make valuations of certain assets more difficult, unpredictable and volatile. 
 A decline in the fair market value of any asset we carry at fair value, may require us to reduce the value of such assets under GAAP. In addition, our other financial assets are subject to an impairment assessment that could result in adjustments to their carrying values. Upon the subsequent disposition or sale of such assets, we could incur future losses or gains based on the difference between the sale price received and adjusted value of such assets as reflected on our balance sheet at the time of sale. 
 The preparation of our financial statements, including provision for loan losses, involves use of estimates, judgments and assumptions, and our financial statements may be materially affected if our estimates prove to be incorrect. 
 Financial statements prepared in accordance with GAAP require the use of estimates, judgments and assumptions that affect the reported amounts. Different estimates, judgments and assumptions reasonably could be used that would have a material effect on the financial statements, and changes in these estimates, judgments and assumptions are likely to occur from period to period in the future. Significant areas of accounting requiring the application of management s judgment include but are not limited to determining the fair value of our assets. 
 These estimates, judgments and assumptions are inherently uncertain, and, if they prove to be wrong, then we face the risk that charges to income will be required. Any charges could significantly harm our business, financial condition, results of operations and the price of our securities. See Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Critical Accounting Policies and Use of Estimates for a discussion of the accounting estimates, judgments and assumptions that we believe are the most critical to an understanding of our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 Further, our provision for loan losses is evaluated on a quarterly basis. The determination of our provision for loan losses requires us to make certain estimates and judgments, which may be difficult to determine. Our estimates and judgments are based on a number of factors and may not be correct. If our estimates or judgments are incorrect, our results of operations and financial condition could be severely impacted. See Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Critical Accounting Policies and Use of Estimates for a discussion of the accounting estimates, judgments and assumptions that we believe are the most critical to our provision of loan losses. 
 - 19 - 

We rely on our project sponsors for financial reporting related to our project companies, and our financial statements may be materially affected if the financial reporting related to our project companies proves to be incorrect. 
 We have equity investments in climate solutions project companies that we account for under the equity method of accounting, which requires us to rely on the project sponsor for the reporting of the financial results of those project companies, including in some instances the allocation of earnings under the hypothetical liquidation at book value HLBV method. The HLBV method involves complex judgments around the interpretation of legal provisions governing liquidation of the entity in which we are invested. To the extent the reporting inclusive of these HLBV allocations we are provided is incorrect, our financial results reported using that information may be incorrect. 
 The majority of our investments are not rated by a rating agency, which may result in an amount of risk, volatility or potential loss of principal that is greater than that of alternative asset opportunities. 
 The majority of our investments are not rated by any rating agency and we expect that most of the assets we originate and acquire in the future will not be rated by any rating agency. Although we focus on climate solutions project companies with high credit quality obligors, we believe that some of the projects or obligors in which we invest, if rated, would be rated below investment grade, due to speculative characteristics of the project or the obligor s capacity to pay interest and repay principal or pay dividends. Some of our assets may result in an amount of risk, volatility or potential loss of principal that is greater than that of alternative asset opportunities. 
 Any credit ratings assigned to our assets, debt or obligors are subject to ongoing evaluations and revisions and we cannot assure you that those ratings will not be downgraded. 
 To the extent our assets, their underlying obligors, or our debt are rated by credit rating agencies or by our internal rating process, such assets, obligors or our debt will be subject to ongoing evaluation by credit rating agencies and our internal rating process, and those ratings may be changed or withdrawn in the future. If rating agencies assign a lower-than-expected rating or if a rating is further reduced or withdrawn by a rating agency or us, or if there are indications of a potential reduction or withdrawal of the ratings of our assets, the underlying obligors or our debt in the future, the value of these assets could significantly decline, the level of borrowings based on such asset could be reduced or we could incur higher borrowing costs or incur losses upon disposition or the failure of obligors to satisfy their obligations to us. 
 Our investments are subject to delinquency, foreclosure and loss, any or all of which could result in losses to us. 
 Our investments are subject to risks of delinquency, foreclosure and loss. In many cases, the ability of a borrower to return our invested capital and our expected return is dependent primarily upon the successful development, construction and operation of the underlying project. If the cash flow of the project is reduced, the borrower s ability to return our capital and our expected return may be impaired. We make certain estimates regarding project cash flows or savings during the underwriting of our investment. These estimates may not prove accurate, as actual results may vary from estimates. The cash flows or cost savings of a project can be affected by, among other things: the terms of the power purchase or other use agreements used in such project; the creditworthiness of the off-taker or project user; price of power or services now and in the future; the technology deployed; unanticipated expenses in the development or operation of the project and changes in national, regional, state or local economic conditions, laws and regulations; and acts of God, terrorism, social unrest and civil disturbances. 
 In the event of any default or shortfall of an investment, we will bear a risk of loss of principal or equity to the extent of any deficiency between the value of the collateral, if any, and the amount of our investment, which could have a material adverse effect on our cash flow from operations and may impact the cash available for distribution to our stockholders. Many of the projects are structured as special purpose limited liability companies, which limits our ability to realize any recovery to the collateral or value of the project itself. In the event of the bankruptcy of a project owner, obligor, or other borrower, our investment or the project will be deemed to be subject to the avoidance powers of the bankruptcy trustee or debtor-in-possession and our or the project s contractual rights may be unenforceable under federal bankruptcy or state law. Foreclosure proceedings against a project can be an expensive and lengthy process, which could have a substantial negative effect on our anticipated return on the foreclosed investment. 
 Our climate solutions project companies may incur liabilities that rank equally with, or senior to, our investments in such projects. 
 We provide a range of investment structures, including various types of debt and equity securities, senior and subordinated loans, real property leases, mezzanine debt, preferred equity and common equity. Our projects may have, or may be permitted to incur, other liabilities or equity preferences that rank equally with, or senior to, our positions or investments in such projects or businesses, as the case may be, including with respect to grants of collateral. By their terms, such instruments may entitle the holders to receive payment of interest, principal payments or other distributions on or before the dates on which we are entitled to receive payments with respect to the instruments in which we invest. Also, in the event of insolvency, liquidation, dissolution, reorganization or bankruptcy of an entity in which we have invested, holders of instruments ranking senior to our investment in that project or business would typically be entitled to receive payment in full before we receive any 
 - 20 - 

distribution. After repaying such senior stakeholders, such project may not have any remaining assets to use for repaying its obligation to us. In the case of securities ranking equally with instruments we hold, we would have to share on an equal basis any distributions with other stakeholders holding such instruments in the event of an insolvency, liquidation, dissolution, reorganization or bankruptcy of the relevant project. 
 Our subordinated and mezzanine debt and equity investments, many of which are illiquid with no readily available market, involve a substantial degree of risk. 
 Subordinated and mezzanine debt and equity investments involve a number of significant risks, including: 
 such investments could be subject to further dilution as a result of the issuance of additional debt or equity interests and to additional risks because subordinated and mezzanine debt are subordinate to other indebtedness and in some cases, project tax equity, and equity interests are subordinate to all indebtedness (including trade creditors) and any senior securities in the event that the issuer is unable to meet its obligations or becomes subject to a bankruptcy process; 
 to the extent that a project company in which we invest requires additional capital and is unable to obtain it, we may not recover our investment; and 
 in some cases, subordinated and mezzanine debt may not pay current interest or principal or equity investments may not pay current dividends, and our ability to realize a return on our investment, as well as to recover our investment, will be dependent on the success of the project company in which we invest. The project may face unanticipated costs or delays or may not generate projected cash flows, which could lead to the project generating lower than expected rates of return. 
 We generally do not control the projects in which we invest. 
 Although the covenants in our financing or investment documentation generally restrict certain actions that may be taken by project owners, we generally do not control the projects in which we invest. As a result, we are subject to the risk that the project owner may make certain business decisions or take risks with which we disagree or otherwise act in ways that do not serve our interests. 
 We invest in joint ventures and other similar arrangements that subject us to additional risks. 
 Some of our project companies are structured as joint ventures, partnerships, securitizations, syndications and consortium arrangements. Part of our strategy is to participate with other institutional investors or the project s sponsor on various climate solutions transactions. These arrangements are driven by the magnitude of capital required to complete acquisitions and the development of climate solutions projects and other industry-wide trends that we believe will continue. Such arrangements involve risks not present where a third party is not involved, including the possibility that partners or co-venturers might become bankrupt or otherwise fail to fund their share of required capital contributions. Additionally, partners or co-venturers might at any time have economic or other business interests or goals different from ours. These investments generally provide for a reduced level of control over an acquired project because governance rights are shared with others. Accordingly, project decisions relating to the management, operation and the timing and nature of any exit, are often made by a majority vote of the investors or by separate agreements that are reached with respect to individual decisions. In addition, project operations may be subject to the risk that the project owners may make business, financial or management choices with which we do not agree or the management of the project may take risks or otherwise act in a manner that does not serve our interests. Because we may not have the ability to exercise control, we may not be able to realize some or all of the benefits expected from our investment. If any of the foregoing were to occur, our business, financial condition and results of operations could suffer as a result. 
 In addition, some of our joint ventures, partnerships, and equity investments subject the sale or transfer of our interests in these project companies to rights of first refusal or first offer, tag along or drag along rights and buy-sell, call-put or other restrictions. Such rights may be triggered at a time when we may not want them to be exercised and such rights may inhibit our ability to sell our interest in an entity within our desired time frame or on any other desired terms. 
 Many of our assets depend on revenues from third-party contractual arrangements, including PPAs, that expose the projects to various risks. 
 Many of the projects in which we invest rely on revenue or repayment from contractual commitments of end-customers, including federal, state, or local governments for energy efficiency projects or utilities or other customers under PPAs. There is a risk that these customers may default under their contracts. In addition, many of these end-customers are large entities with wide ranging activities. An event in a non-related part of the business could have a material adverse impact on the financial strength of such end-customer, such as the effect of wildfires on the California utilities. Furthermore, the bankruptcy, insolvency, or other liquidity constraints of one or more customers may result in a renegotiation or rejection of the third-party contract, delay the receipt of any obligations or reduce the likelihood of collecting defaulted obligations. Some projects rely on one customer for their revenue and thus the project could be materially and adversely affected by any material change in the 
 - 21 - 

financial condition of that customer. While there may be alternative customers for such a project, there can be no assurance that a new contract on the same terms will be able to be negotiated for the project. 
 Certain of our projects with contractually committed revenues or other sources of repayment under long term contracts will be subject to re-contracting risk in the future. These projects may be unable to renegotiate these contracts once their terms expire on equally favorable terms or at all. If it is not possible to renegotiate these contracts on favorable terms, our business, financial condition, results of operations, and prospects could be materially and adversely affected. 
 Revenues at some of the projects in which we invest depend on reliable and efficient metering, or other revenue collection systems, which are often specified in the contract. If one or more of these projects are not able to operate and maintain the metering or other revenue collection systems in the manner expected, if the operation and maintenance costs, are greater than expected, or if the customer disputes the output of the revenue collection system, the ability of the project to repay our investments or provide a return to us on our asset could be materially and adversely affected. 
 In most instances, projects which sell power under PPAs commit to sell minimum levels of generation. If the project generates less than the committed volumes, it may be required to buy the shortfall of electricity on the open market or make payments of liquidated damages or be in default under a PPA, which could result in its termination. In the event that any of these events were to occur, our business, financial condition, and results of operations could suffer as a result. 
 We are exposed to the credit risk of various project sponsors, ESCOs, and others. 
 We are exposed to credit risks in the commercial projects in which we invest. We are also subject to varying degrees of credit risk related to ESCOs in government energy efficiency projects in which guarantees provided by ESCOs under energy savings performance contracts are required in the event that certain energy savings are not realized by the customer. 
 Where we make loans to or own equity interests in special purposes entities such as those that lease solar energy systems to residential customers, those special purpose entities often enter into various contractual arrangements with, or receive performance guarantees from the affiliate project sponsor to ensure satisfactory equipment or other project performance over the term of the lease or power purchase agreement. To the extent those parties are unable to perform on their contractual obligations or performance guarantees we may see diminished equity returns or the special purpose entity may be unable to repay their loan timely or at all. 
 We seek to mitigate these credit risks by employing a comprehensive review and asset selection process and careful ongoing monitoring of acquired assets. Nevertheless, unanticipated credit losses could occur which could adversely impact our operating results. During periods of economic downturn in the global economy, the solvency and financial wherewithal of counterparties with whom we do business could be impacted and our exposure to credit risks from obligors increases, and our efforts to monitor and mitigate the associated risks may not be effective in reducing our credit risks. In the event a counterparty to us or one of our climate solutions projects becomes insolvent or unable to make payments, we may fail to recover the full value of our investment or realize the value from the counterparty s contract, thus reducing our earnings and liquidity. In addition, the insolvency of one or more of our, or one of our climate solutions projects , counterparties could reduce the amount of financing available to us, which would make it more difficult for us to leverage the value of our assets and obtain substitute financing on attractive terms or at all. A material reduction in our financing sources or an adverse change in the terms of our financings could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. Certain participants in the sustainable energy industry have experienced significant declines in the value of their equity and difficulty in raising or refinancing debt, which increases the credit risk to these companies and they may not be able to fulfill their obligations which could adversely impact our operating results. 
 Some of the projects in which we invest have sold their output under PPAs that expose the projects to various risks. 
 Some of our projects enter into PPAs when they contract to sell all or a fixed proportion of the electricity generated by the project, sometimes bundled with renewable energy credits and capacity or other environmental attributes, to a power purchaser, often a utility, or increasingly, a corporation. PPAs are used to stabilize our revenues from that project. We are exposed to the risk that the power purchaser, who we consider an obligor, will fail to perform under a PPA or the PPA will be terminated or expire, which will lead to that project needing to sell its electricity at the then market price, which could be substantially lower than the price provided in the applicable PPA. In most instances, the project also commits to sell minimum levels of generation. If the project generates less than the committed volumes, it may be required to buy the shortfall of electricity on the open market or make payments of liquidated damages or be in default under a PPA, which could result in its termination. In the event that any of these events were to occur, our business, financial condition, and results of operations could suffer as a result. 
 Portions of the electricity and environmental attributes our assets generate are sold on the open market at spot-market prices. A prolonged environment of low prices for natural gas, or other conventional fuel sources such as we are experiencing may, and could continue to, have a material adverse effect on our long-term business prospects, financial condition and results of operations. 
 - 22 - 

Low prices for traditional fossil fuels, particularly natural gas, could cause demand for renewable energy to decrease and prices have, and may continue to, adversely affect both the future sale price of energy under new PPAs and the current sale price of energy sold on a spot-market basis. Low PPA and spot market power prices, if combined with other factors, can have a material adverse effect on our projects and their respective values and our expected returns, results of operations and cash available for distribution. 
 Some of the projects we invest in, or may plan to invest in, sell environmental attributes such as renewable energy credits or other similar credits on an uncontracted basis. To the extent merchant prices for these attributes are lower than expected, our projects revenues could be adversely impacted, and our business, financial condition, and results of operations could suffer as a result. 
 The ability of our assets to generate revenue from certain projects depends on having interconnection arrangements and services. 
 The future success of our assets will depend, in part, on their ability to maintain satisfactory interconnection agreements. If the interconnection or transmission agreement of a project is terminated for any reason, they may not be able to replace it with an interconnection and transmission arrangement on terms as favorable as the existing arrangement, or at all, or they may experience significant delays or costs in connection with securing a replacement. If a network to which one or more of the projects is connected experiences equipment or operational problems or other forms of down time, the affected project may lose revenue and be exposed to non-performance penalties and claims from its customers. These may include claims for damages incurred by customers, such as the additional cost of acquiring alternative electricity supply at then-current spot market rates. The owners of the network will not usually compensate electricity generators for lost income due to down time. In addition, our projects may be exposed to a locational basis risk resulting from a difference between where the power is generated and the contracted delivery point. These factors could materially affect these projects, which could negatively affect our business, results of operations, financial condition, and cash flow. 
 Our projects and their obligors are exposed to an increase in climate change or other change in meteorological conditions, which could have an impact on electric generation, revenue, insurance costs or the ability of the projects or their obligors to honor their contract obligations, all of which could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations and cash flows. 
 The electricity produced and revenues generated by a renewable electric generation facility are highly dependent on suitable weather conditions, which are beyond our control. Components of renewable energy systems, such as turbines, solar panels and inverters, could be damaged by natural disasters or severe weather, including extreme temperatures, wildfires, hurricanes, hailstorms or tornadoes. Furthermore, the potential physical impacts of climate change may impact our projects, including the result of changes in weather patterns (including floods, tsunamis, drought, mudslides, and rainfall levels), wind speeds, water availability, storm patterns and intensities, and temperature levels. The projects in which we invest will be obligated to bear the expense of repairing the damaged renewable energy systems and replacing spare parts for key components and insurance may not cover the costs or the lost revenue. Natural disasters or unfavorable weather and atmospheric conditions, such as extreme cold temperatures or extreme events of rain, flooding, and mudslides, could impair the effectiveness of the renewable energy assets, reduce their output beneath their rated capacity, require shutdown of key equipment or impede operation of the renewable energy assets, which could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations and cash flows. Sustained unfavorable weather could also unexpectedly delay the installation of renewable energy systems, which could result in a delay in our investing in new projects or increase the cost of such projects. The resulting effects of climate change can also have an impact on the cost of, and the ability of a project to obtain, adequate insurance coverage to protect against related losses. 
 We typically base our investment decisions with respect to each renewable energy facility on the findings of studies conducted on-site prior to construction or based on historical conditions at existing facilities. However, actual climatic conditions at a facility site may not conform to the findings of these studies. Even if an operating project s historical renewable energy resources are consistent with the long-term estimates, the unpredictable nature of weather conditions often results in daily, monthly and yearly material deviations from the average renewable resources anticipated during a particular period. Therefore, renewable energy facilities in which we invest may not meet anticipated production levels or the rated capacity of the generation assets, which could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations and cash flows. 
 In addition, many of the project s end-customers are large entities with wide ranging activities. A climate related event in a non-related part of the business could have a material adverse impact on the financial strength of such end-customer and their ability to honor their contractual obligations which could negatively impact on revenue and the cash flow of the project and our business. 
 Operation of the projects in which we invest involves significant risks and hazards that could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 
 - 23 - 

Climate projects are subject to various construction and operating delays and risks that have in the past caused them to, and may in the future cause them to, incur higher than expected costs or generate less than expected amounts of savings or outputs, such as electricity in the case of a renewable energy project. 
 The ongoing operation of the projects in which we invest involves risks that include construction delays, the breakdown or failure of equipment or processes or performance below expected levels of output or efficiency due to wear and tear, latent defect, design error or operator error or force majeure events, among other things. In addition to natural risks such as earthquake, flood, drought, lightning, wildfire, hurricane, ice, wind, and temperature extremes, other hazards, such as fire, explosion, structural collapse and machinery failure, acts of terrorism or related acts of war, hostile cyber intrusions, pandemics, or other catastrophic events are inherent risks in the construction and operation of a project. These and other hazards can cause significant personal injury or loss of life, severe damage to and destruction of property, plant and equipment and contamination of, or damage to, the environment and suspension of operations. Operation of a project also involves risks that the operator will be unable to transport its product to its customers in an efficient manner due to a lack of transmission capacity. Unplanned outages of projects, including extensions of scheduled outages due to mechanical failures or other problems, occur from time to time and are an inherent risk of the business. Unplanned outages typically increase operation and maintenance expenses and may reduce revenues as a result of selling less electricity or require the project to incur significant costs as a result of obtaining replacement power from third parties in the open market to satisfy forward power sales obligations. Any extended interruption in a project s construction or operation, a project s inability to operate its assets efficiently, manage capital expenditures and costs and generate earnings and cash flow could have a material adverse effect on the repayment of and return on our investment and our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. While the projects maintain insurance, obtain warranties from vendors and obligate contractors to meet certain performance levels, the proceeds of such insurance, warranties or performance guarantees may not cover the lost revenues, increased expenses or liquidated damages payments should the project experience any equipment breakdowns, insurance claims or non-performance by contractors or vendors. 
 Some of the projects in which we invest may require substantial operating or capital expenditures in the future. 
 Many of the projects in which we invest are capital intensive and require substantial ongoing expenditures for, among other things, additions and improvements, and maintenance and repair of plant and equipment related to project operations. In addition, there may be cash needs to settle certain contractual obligations of the projects, such as settlements or margining requirements related to hedging activities. While we do not typically bear the responsibility for these expenditures, any failure by the equity owner to make necessary operating or capital expenditures could adversely impact project performance. In addition, some of these expenditures may not be recoverable from current or future contractual arrangements. 
 The use of real property rights that we acquire or are used for our climate solutions projects may be adversely affected by the rights of lienholders and leaseholders that are superior to those of the grantors of those real property rights to us. 
 The projects in which we invest often require large areas of land for construction and operation or other easements or access to the underlying land. In addition, we may acquire rights to land or other real property. Although we believe that we, or the projects in which we invest, have valid rights to all material easements, licenses and rights of way, not all of such easements, licenses and rights of way are registered against the lands to which they relate and may not bind subsequent owners. Some of our real property rights and projects generally are, and are likely to continue to be, located on land occupied pursuant to long-term easements and leases. The ownership interests in the land subject to these easements and leases may be subject to mortgages securing loans or other liens (such as tax liens) and other easement and lease rights of third parties (such as leases of water, oil or mineral rights) that were created prior to, or are superior to, our or our projects easements and leases. As a result, our rights may be subject, and subordinate, to the rights of those third parties. We typically obtain representations or perform title searches or obtain title insurance to protect our real property interest and our investments in our projects against these risks. Such measures may, however, be inadequate to protect against all risk of loss of rights to use the land rights we have acquired or the land on which these projects are located, which could have a material and adverse effect on our land rights, our projects and their financial condition and operating results. 
 We own land or leasehold interests that are used by renewable energy projects. Negative market conditions or adverse events affecting tenants, or the industries in which they operate, could have an adverse impact on our underwritten returns. Moreover, many of our real estate assets are concentrated in similar geographic locations, which subjects us to an increased risk of significant loss if any property declines in value, incurs a natural disaster or if we are unable to lease a property. 
 We own land or leasehold interests used by renewable energy projects that are concentrated in a limited number of geographic locations. One consequence of this is that the aggregate returns we realize may be substantially adversely affected by the unfavorable performance of a small number of leases, a significant decline in the market value of any single property or a natural disaster in a concentrated area. Our cash flow depends in part on the ability to lease the real estate to projects or other tenants on economically favorable terms. We could be adversely affected by various facts and events over which we have limited or no control, such as: 
 - 24 - 

lack of demand in areas where our properties are located; 
 inability to retain existing tenants and attract new tenants; 
 oversupply of space and changes in market rental rates; 
 our tenants creditworthiness and ability to pay rent, which may be affected by their operations, the current economic situation and competition within their industries from other operators; 
 defaults by and bankruptcies of tenants, failure of tenants to pay rent on a timely basis, or failure of tenants to comply with their contractual obligations; 
 economic or physical decline of the areas where the properties are located; and 
 destruction from natural disasters. 
 At any time, any tenant may experience a downturn in its business, including increased operating costs, termination of a PPA or low spot-market prices of products, that may weaken its operating results or overall financial condition, a tenant may delay lease commencement, fail to make rental payments when due, decline to extend a lease upon its expiration, become insolvent or declare bankruptcy. Any tenant bankruptcy or insolvency, leasing delay or failure to make rental payments when due could result in the termination of the tenant s lease and material losses to us. 
 If a tenant elects to terminate its lease prior to or upon its expiration or does not renew its lease as it expires, we may not be able to rent or sell the properties or realize our expected value. Furthermore, leases that are renewed and some new leases for properties that are re-leased, may have terms that are less economically favorable than expiring lease terms, or may require us to incur significant costs, such as lease transaction costs. In addition, negative market conditions or adverse events affecting tenants, or the industries in which they operate, may force us to sell vacant properties for less than their carrying value, which could result in impairments. Any of these events could adversely affect the value of our asset, the cash flow from operations and our ability to make distributions to stockholders and service indebtedness. A significant portion of the costs of owning property, such as real estate taxes, insurance and maintenance, are not necessarily reduced when circumstances cause a decrease in rental revenue from the properties. In a weakened financial condition, tenants may not be able to pay these costs of ownership and we may be unable to recover these operating expenses from them. 
 Further, the occurrence of a tenant bankruptcy or insolvency could diminish the income we receive from the tenant s lease or leases. For instance, a bankruptcy court might authorize the tenant to terminate its leases with us. If that happens, our claim against the bankrupt tenant for unpaid future rent would be subject to statutory limitations that most likely would be substantially less than the remaining rent we are owed under the leases. In addition, any claim we have for unpaid past rent, if any, may not be paid in full. As a result, tenant bankruptcies may have a material adverse effect on our results of operations. 
 In addition, since renewable energy projects are often concentrated in certain states, we would also be subject to any adverse change in the political or regulatory climate in those states or specific counties where such properties are located that could adversely affect our properties and our ability to lease such properties. 
 Performance of projects where we invest may be harmed by future labor disruptions and economically unfavorable collective bargaining agreements. 
 A number of the projects where we invest could have workforces that are unionized or in the future may become unionized and, as a result, are required to negotiate the wages, benefits and other terms with many of their employees collectively. If these projects were unable to negotiate acceptable contracts with any of their unions as existing agreements expire, they could experience a significant disruption of their operations, higher ongoing labor costs and restrictions on their ability to maximize the efficiency of their operations, which could have a material and adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. In addition, in some jurisdictions where our projects have operations, labor forces have a legal right to strike, which may have a negative impact on our business, financial condition and results of operations, either directly or indirectly, for example if a critical upstream or downstream counterparty was itself subject to a labor disruption that impacted the ability of our projects to operate. 
 We invest in projects that rely on third parties to manufacture quality products or provide reliable services in a timely manner and the failure of these third parties could cause project performance to be adversely affected. 
 We invest in projects that typically rely on third parties to select, manage or provide equipment or services. Third parties may be responsible for choosing vendors, including equipment suppliers and subcontractors. Project success often depends on third parties who are capable of installing and managing projects and structuring contracts that provide appropriate protection against construction and operational risks. In many cases, in addition to contractual protections and remedies, project owners may seek guaranties, warranties and construction bonding to provide additional protection. 
 - 25 - 

The warranties provided by the third parties and, in some cases, their subcontractors, typically limit any direct harm that results from relying on their products and services. However, there can be no assurance that a supplier or subcontractor will be willing or able to fulfill its contractual obligations and make necessary repairs or replace equipment. In addition, these warranties generally expire within one to five years or may be of limited scope or provide limited remedies. If projects are unable to avail themselves of warranty protection or receive the expected protection under the terms of the guaranties or bonding, we may need to incur additional costs, including replacement and installation costs, which could adversely impact our investment. 
 In addition, renewable energy projects rely on electric and other types of transmission lines and facilities owned and operated by third parties to receive and distribute their energy. Any substantial access barriers to these lines and facilities could adversely impact the demand or financial performance for such projects and our investments. 
 Liability relating to environmental matters may impact the value of properties that we may acquire or the properties underlying our assets. 
 Under various U.S. federal, state and local laws, an owner or operator of real estate or a project may become liable for the costs of removal of certain hazardous substances released from the project or any underlying real property. These laws often impose liability without regard to whether the owner or operator knew of, or was responsible for, the release of such hazardous substances. 
 The presence of hazardous substances may adversely affect our, or another owner s, ability to sell a contaminated project or borrow using the project as collateral. To the extent that we, or another project owner, become liable for removal costs, our investment, or the ability of the owner to make payments to us, may be negatively impacted. 
 We acquire real property rights, make investments in projects that own real property, have collateral consisting of real property and in the course of our business, we may take title to a project or its underlying real estate assets relating to one of our debt financings. In these cases, we could be subject to environmental liabilities with respect to these assets. To the extent that we become liable for the removal costs, our results of operation and financial condition may be adversely affected. The presence of hazardous substances, if any, may adversely affect our ability to sell the affected real property or the project and we may incur substantial remediation costs, thus harming our financial condition. 
 Our insurance and contractual protections may not always cover lost revenue, increased expenses or liquidated damages payments. 
 Although our assets or projects generally have insurance, supplier warranties, subcontractors performance assurances such as bonding and other risk mitigation measures, the proceeds of such insurance, warranties, bonding or other measures may not be adequate to cover lost revenue, increased expenses or liquidated damages payments that may be required in the future. 
 The repayment of certain of our assets is dependent upon collection of payments from residential customers and we may be indirectly subject to consumer protection laws and regulations. 
 Certain obligors to which we have credit exposure are, or may be, subject to consumer protection laws, such as federal truth-in-lending, consumer leasing, and equal credit opportunity laws and regulations, as well as state and local sales and finance laws and regulations. Claims arising out of actual or alleged violations of law may be asserted against those obligors by individuals or governmental entities and may expose them to significant damages or other penalties, including fines, or could reduce the likelihood the residential customer may pay their obligation, which could limit their ability to repay borrowings or make equity distributions to us. 
 Risks Related to Our Company 
 We may change our operational policies (including our investment guidelines and strategies) with the approval of our Board but without stockholder consent at any time, which may adversely affect the market value of our common stock and our ability to make distributions to our stockholders. 
 Our Board determines our operational policies and may amend or revise our policies, including our policies with respect to investments, acquisitions, dispositions, growth, operations, compensation, indebtedness, capitalization and dividends, or approve transactions that deviate from these policies, without a vote of, or notice to, our stockholders at any time. We may change our investment guidelines, underwriting process and our strategy at any time with the approval of our Board, but without the consent of our stockholders, which could result in originating assets that are different in type from, and possibly riskier than, the assets initially contemplated. In addition, our charter provides that our Board may authorize us to revoke or otherwise terminate our REIT election, without the approval of our stockholders, if it determines that it is no longer in our best interests to qualify as a REIT. These changes could adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and our ability to make distributions to our stockholders. 
 - 26 - 

Our management and employees depend on information systems and system failures could significantly disrupt our business, which may, in turn, negatively affect the market price of our common stock and our ability to make distributions to our stockholders. 
 Our underwriting process and our asset and financial management and reporting are dependent on our present and future communications and information systems. Any failure or interruption of these systems could cause delays or other problems in our originating, financing, investing, asset and financial management and reporting activities, which could have a material adverse effect on our operating results. 
 We contract with information technology service providers where, in part, we rely upon their systems and controls for the quality of the data provided. The inappropriate establishment and maintenance of these systems and controls could cause information that we use to operate our business to be unavailable or inaccurate and could negatively impact our financial results. 
 Our information technology architecture is partially outsourced. These systems and processes may be either internet based or through traditional outsourced functions and certain of these arrangements are new or emerging. When we contract with these service providers we attempt to evaluate the quality of their systems and controls before we execute the arrangement and may rely on third party reviews and audits of these service providers and attempt to implement certain processes to ensure the quality of the data received from these service providers. Because of the nature and maturity of the technology such efforts may be unsuccessful or incomplete and the unavailability of these systems or the inaccurate data provided from these service providers could negatively impact our financial results. 
 Cybersecurity risks and cyber incidents may adversely affect our business by causing a disruption to our operations, a compromise or corruption of our confidential information, a misappropriation of funds, and/or damage to our business relationships, all of which could negatively impact our financial results. 
 A cyber incident is considered to be any adverse event that threatens the confidentiality, integrity or availability of our information resources. These incidents may be an intentional attack or an unintentional event and could involve gaining unauthorized access to our information systems for purposes of misappropriating assets, stealing confidential information, corrupting data or causing operational disruption. The risk of a security breach or disruption, particularly through cyber-attacks or cyber intrusions, including by computer hackers, nation-state affiliated actors, and cyber terrorists, has generally increased as the number, intensity and sophistication of attempted attacks and intrusions from around the world have increased, and will likely continue to increase in the future. The result of these incidents could include disrupted operations, misstated or unreliable financial data, disrupted market price of our common stock, misappropriation of assets, liability for stolen assets or information, increased cybersecurity protection and insurance cost, regulatory enforcement, litigation and damage to our relationships. These risks require continuous and likely increasing attention and other resources from us to, among other actions, identify and quantify these risks, upgrade and expand our technologies, systems and processes to adequately address them and provide periodic training for our employees to assist them in detecting phishing, malware and other schemes. Such attention diverts time and other resources from other activities and there is no assurance that our efforts will be effective. Additionally, the cost of maintaining such systems and processes, procedures and internal controls may increase from its current level. Potential sources for disruption, damage or failure of our information technology systems include, without limitation, computer viruses, security breaches, human error, cyber- attacks, natural disasters and defects in design. Additionally, due to the size and nature of our company, we rely on third-party service providers for many aspects of our business. The networks and systems that our third-party vendors have established or use may not be effective. As our reliance on technology has increased, so have the risks posed to both our information systems and those provided by third-party service providers. Our processes, procedures and internal controls that are designed to mitigate cybersecurity risks and cyber intrusions do not guarantee that a cyber incident will not occur or that our financial results, operations or confidential information will not be negatively impacted by such an incident. 
 Even if we are not targeted directly, cyberattacks on the U.S. and foreign governments, financial markets, financial institutions, or other businesses, including borrowers, vendors, software creators, cybersecurity service providers, and other third parties with whom we do business, may occur, and such events could disrupt our normal business operations and networks in the future. 
 Major public health issues and related disruptions in the U.S. and global economy and financial markets could adversely impact or disrupt our financial condition and results of operations. 
 In recent years, the outbreaks of a number of diseases, including COVID-19, avian influenza, H1N1, and other viruses have resulted in and increased the risk of a pandemic or major public health issues. We believe that our ability to operate, our level of business activity and the profitability of our business, as well as the values of, and the cash flows from, the assets we own could in the future be impacted by another pandemic or other major public health issue. While we have implemented risk management and contingency plans and taken preventive measures and other precautions, no predictions of specific scenarios can be made with certainty and such measures may not adequately predict the impact on our business from such events. 
 - 27 - 

We may seek to expand our business internationally, which would expose us to additional risks that we do not face in the United States. A failure to manage these additional risks could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition and operating results. 
 We generate substantially all of our revenue from operations in the United States. We may seek to expand our projects outside of the United States in the future. These operations will be subject to a variety of risks that we do not face in the United States, including risk from changes in foreign country regulations, infrastructure, legal systems and markets. Other risks include possible difficulty in repatriating overseas earnings and fluctuations in foreign currencies. 
 Our overall success in international markets will depend, in part, on our ability to succeed in different legal, regulatory, economic, social and political conditions. We may not be successful in developing and implementing policies and strategies that will be effective in managing these risks in each country where we decide to do business. Our failure to manage these risks successfully could harm our international projects, reduce our international income or increase our costs, thus adversely affecting our business, financial condition and operating results. 
 Risks Relating to Regulation 
 We cannot predict the unintended consequences and market distortions that may stem from far-ranging governmental intervention in the economic and financial system or from regulatory reform of the oversight of financial markets. 
 The U.S. federal government, the Federal Reserve Board of Governors, the U.S. Treasury, the SEC, U.S. Congress and other governmental and regulatory bodies have taken, are taking or may in the future take, various actions to address inflation, financial crises, or other areas of regulatory concern. Such actions could have a dramatic impact on our business, results of operations and financial condition, and the cost of complying with any additional laws and regulations or the elimination or reduction in scope of various existing laws and regulations could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. The far-ranging government intervention in the economic and financial system may carry unintended consequences and cause market distortions. We are unable to predict at this time the extent and nature of such unintended consequences and market distortions, if any. The inability to evaluate the potential impacts could have a material adverse effect on the operations of our business. 
 Loss of our 1940 Act exemptions would adversely affect us, the market price of shares of our common stock and our ability to distribute dividends. 
 We conduct our operations so that we are not required to register as an investment company under the 1940 Act. Section 3(a)(1)(A) of the 1940 Act defines an investment company as any issuer that is or holds itself out as being engaged primarily in the business of investing, reinvesting or trading in securities. Section 3(a)(1)(C) of the 1940 Act defines an investment company as any issuer that is engaged or proposes to engage in the business of investing, reinvesting, owning, holding or trading in securities and owns or proposes to acquire investment securities having a value exceeding 40 of the value of the issuer s total assets (exclusive of U.S. Government securities and cash items) on a non-consolidated basis, which we refer to as the 40 test. Excluded from the term investment securities, among other things, are U.S. Government securities and securities issued by majority-owned subsidiaries that are not themselves investment companies and are not relying on the exemption from the definition of investment company set forth in Section 3(c)(1) or Section 3(c)(7) of the 1940 Act. 
 We conduct our businesses primarily through our subsidiaries and our operations so that we comply with the 40 test. The securities issued by any wholly-owned or majority-owned subsidiaries that we hold or may form in the future that are exempted from the definition of investment company based on Section 3(c)(1) or 3(c)(7) of the 1940 Act, together with any other investment securities we may own, may not have a value in excess of 40 of the value of our total assets on a non-consolidated basis. Certain of our subsidiaries rely on or will rely on an exemption from registration as an investment company under the 1940 Act pursuant to Section 3(c)(5)(C) of the 1940 Act, which is available for entities which are not primarily engaged in issuing redeemable securities, face-amount certificates of the installment type or periodic payment plan certificates and which are primarily engaged in the business of purchasing or otherwise acquiring mortgages and other liens on and interests in real estate. This exemption generally requires that at least 55 of such subsidiaries portfolios must be comprised of qualifying assets and at least 80 of each of their portfolios must be comprised of qualifying assets and real estate-related assets under the 1940 Act. Consistent with guidance published by the SEC staff, we intend to treat as qualifying assets for this purpose loans secured by projects for which the original principal amount of the loan did not exceed 100 of the value of the underlying real property portion of the collateral when the loan was made. We intend to treat as real estate-related assets non-controlling equity interests in joint ventures that own projects whose assets are primarily real property. In general, with regard to our subsidiaries relying on Section 3(c)(5)(C), we rely on other guidance published by the SEC or its staff or on our analyses of guidance published with respect to other types of assets to determine which assets are qualifying real estate assets and real estate-related assets. 
 In addition, one or more of our subsidiaries qualifies for an exemption from registration as an investment company under the 1940 Act pursuant to either Section 3(c)(5)(A) of the 1940 Act, which is available for entities which are not engaged in the 
 - 28 - 

business of issuing redeemable securities, face-amount certificates of the installment type or periodic payment plan certificates, and which are primarily engaged in the business of purchasing or otherwise acquiring notes, drafts, acceptances, open accounts receivable, and other obligations representing part or all of the sales price of merchandise, insurance, and services, or Section 3(c)(5)(B) of the 1940 Act, which is available for entities primarily engaged in the business of making loans to manufacturers, wholesalers, and retailers of, and to prospective purchasers of, specified merchandise, insurance, and services. These exemptions generally require that at least 55 of such subsidiaries portfolios must be comprised of qualifying assets that meet the requirements of the exemption. We intend to treat energy efficiency loans where the loan proceeds are specifically provided to finance equipment, services and structural improvements to properties and other facilities and renewable energy and other climate solutions projects or improvements as qualifying assets for purposes of these exemptions. In general, we also expect, with regard to our subsidiaries relying on Section 3(c)(5)(A) or (B), to rely on guidance published by the SEC or its staff, including reliance on a no-action letter obtained in connection with Sections 3(c)(5)(A) and 3(c)(5)(B) of the 1940 Act, or on our analyses of guidance published with respect to other types of assets to determine which assets are qualifying assets under the exemptions. 
 Although we monitor the portfolios of our subsidiaries relying on the Section 3(c)(5)(A), (B) or (C) exemptions periodically and prior to each acquisition, there can be no assurance that such subsidiaries will be able to maintain their exemptions. Qualification for exemptions from registration under the 1940 Act will limit our ability to make certain investments. For example, these restrictions will limit the ability of these subsidiaries to make loans that are not secured by real property or that do not represent part or all of the sales price of merchandise, insurance, and services. 
 There can be no assurance that the laws and regulations governing the 1940 Act, including the Division of Investment Management of the SEC providing more specific or different guidance regarding these exemptions, will not change in a manner that adversely affects our operations. For example, on August 31, 2011, the SEC issued a concept release (No. IC-29778; File No. SW7-34-11, Companies Engaged in the Business of Acquiring Mortgages and Mortgage-Related Instruments) pursuant to which it is reviewing the scope of the exemption from registration under Section 3(c)(5)(C) of the 1940 Act. While the SEC has yet to provide additional information on its position relating to these exemptions and timing of any future changes to the exemptions remain unknown, any additional guidance from the SEC or its staff from this process or in other circumstances could provide additional flexibility to us, or it could further inhibit our ability to pursue the strategies we have chosen. If we or our subsidiaries fail to maintain an exemption from the 1940 Act, we could, among other things, be required either to (1) change the manner in which we conduct our operations to avoid being required to register as an investment company, (2) effect sales of our assets in a manner that, or at a time when, we would not otherwise choose to do so or (3) register as an investment company, any of which could negatively affect our business, our ability to make distributions, our financing strategy and the market price for our shares of common stock. 
 We have not requested the SEC or its staff to approve our treatment of any company as a majority-owned subsidiary and neither the SEC nor its staff has done so. If the SEC or its staff were to disagree with our treatment of one or more companies as majority-owned subsidiaries, we would need to adjust our strategy and our assets in order to continue to pass the 40 test. Any such adjustment in our strategy could have a material adverse effect on us. 
 Rapid changes in the values of our assets may make it more difficult for us to maintain our qualification as a REIT or our exemption from the 1940 Act. 
 If the market value or income potential of our assets changes as a result of changes in interest rates, general market conditions, government actions or other factors, we may need to adjust the portfolio mix of our real estate assets and income or liquidate our non-qualifying assets to maintain our REIT qualification or our exemption from the 1940 Act. If changes in asset values or income occur quickly, this may be especially difficult to accomplish. This difficulty may be exacerbated by the illiquid nature of the assets we may own. We may have to make decisions that we otherwise would not make absent the REIT and 1940 Act considerations. 
 Risks Related to our Borrowings and Hedging 
 We use financial leverage in executing our business strategy, which may adversely affect the returns on our assets and may reduce cash available for distribution to our stockholders, as well as increase losses when economic conditions are unfavorable. 
 We use debt to finance our assets, including credit facilities, recourse and non-recourse debt, securitizations, and syndications. Changes in the financial markets and the economy generally could adversely affect one or more of our lenders or potential lenders and could cause one or more of our lenders, potential lenders or institutional investors to be unwilling or unable to provide us with financing or participate in securitizations or could increase the costs of that financing or securitization. Some of our borrowings will have a remaining balance when they come due. If we are unable to repay or refinance the remaining balance of this debt, or if the terms of any available refinancing are not favorable, we may be forced to liquidate assets or incur higher costs which may significantly harm our business, financial condition, results of operations, and our ability to make distributions, which could in turn cause the value of our common stock to decline. The return on our assets 
 - 29 - 

and cash available for distribution to our stockholders may be reduced to the extent that market conditions prevent us from leveraging our assets or increase the cost of our financing relative to the income that can be derived from the assets acquired. Increases in our financing costs will reduce cash available for distributions to stockholders. We may not be able to meet our financing obligations and, to the extent that we cannot, we risk the loss of some or all of our assets to liquidation or sale to satisfy the obligations. 
 An increase in our borrowing costs relative to the interest we receive on our assets may adversely affect our profitability and our cash available for distribution to our stockholders. Our borrowings may have a shorter duration than our assets. 
 As some of our borrowings will have a remaining balance at maturity, we may be required to enter into new borrowings at higher rates or to sell certain of our assets to repay the loan. Our credit facilities have rates that adjust on a frequent basis based on prevailing short-term interest rates. Increases in interest rates, or a flattening or inversion of the yield curve, reduce the spread between the returns on our assets which are typically priced using longer-term interest rates and the cost of any new borrowings or borrowings where the interest rate adjusts to market rates or is based on shorter-term rates. This change in interest rates would adversely affect our earnings and, in turn, cash available for distribution to our stockholders. In addition, as we may use short-term borrowings that are generally short-term commitments of capital, lenders may respond to market conditions making it more difficult for us to obtain continued financing. If we are not able to renew our then existing facilities or arrange for new financing on terms acceptable to us, or if we default on our covenants or are otherwise unable to access funds under any of these facilities, we may have to curtail entering into new transactions and/or dispose of assets. We will face these risks given that a number of our borrowings have a shorter duration than the assets they finance. 
 While we have an established Board-approved leverage limit, our Board may change our leverage limits without stockholder approval. 
 We are not restricted by any regulatory requirements to maintain our leverage ratio at or below any particular level. The amount of leverage we may deploy for particular assets will depend upon the availability of particular types of financing and our assessment of the credit, liquidity, price volatility and other risks of those assets and the credit quality of our financing counterparties. We have established leverage limits which are discussed in Item 7, Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Conditions and Results of Operations Liquidity and Capital Resources. However, our charter and bylaws do not limit the amount or type of indebtedness we can incur, and our Board has changed, and has the discretion to deviate from or change at any time in the future, our leverage policy, which could result in an investment portfolio with a different risk profile. We utilize non-recourse facilities on certain types of assets that have significantly higher leverage. On these facilities, the lenders primary recourse is to the pledged assets. If the value of the pledged assets is below the value of the debt or if we default on a facility, the lender would be able to foreclose on all the pledged assets, which would result in losses and reduce our assets and the cash available for distributions to stockholders. We may apply too much leverage to our assets or may employ an inefficient financing strategy to our assets. 
 The use of securitizations and special purpose entities exposes us to additional risks. 
 We hold securitized loans and often hold the most junior certificates or the residual value associated with a securitization. We have also established funds and special purpose entities through which we hold only a partial or subordinate interest or a residual value after taking into account our non-recourse debt facilities or a right to participate in the profits of such entity once it achieves a predefined threshold. As a holder of the residual value or other such interests, we are more exposed to losses on the underlying collateral because the interest we retain in the securitization vehicle or other entity would be subordinate to the more senior notes or interests issued to investors and we would, therefore, absorb all of the losses, up to the value of our interests, sustained with respect to the underlying assets before the owners of the notes or other interests experience any losses. In addition, the inability to securitize our Portfolio or assets within our Portfolio could hurt our performance and our ability to grow our business. 
 We also use various special purpose entities to own and finance our assets. These subsidiaries incur various types of debt, that can be used to finance one or more of our assets. This debt is typically structured as non-recourse debt, which means it is repayable solely from the revenue from the investment financed by the debt and is secured by the related physical assets, major contracts, cash accounts and in some cases, a pledge of our ownership interests in the subsidiaries involved in the projects. Although this subsidiary debt is typically non-recourse to us, we make certain representations and warranties or enter into certain guaranties of our subsidiary s obligations or covenants to the non-recourse debt holder, the breach of which may require us to make payments to the lender. We may also from time to time determine to provide financial support to the subsidiary in order to maintain rights to the project or otherwise avoid the adverse consequences of a default. In the event a subsidiary defaults on its indebtedness, its creditors may foreclose on the collateral securing the indebtedness, which may result in us losing our ownership interest in some or all of the subsidiary s assets. The loss of our ownership interest in a subsidiary or some or all of a subsidiary s assets could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and operating results. 
 - 30 - 

Our existing credit facilities and debt contain, and any future financing facilities may contain, covenants that restrict our operations and may inhibit our ability to grow our business and increase revenues. 
 Our existing credit facilities and debt contain, and any future financing facilities may contain, various affirmative and negative covenants, including maintenance of an interest coverage ratio and limitations on the incurrence of liens and indebtedness, investments, fundamental organizational changes, dispositions, changes in the nature of business, transactions with affiliates, use of proceeds and stock repurchases. In addition, the terms of our non-recourse debt include restrictions and covenants, including limitations on our ability to transfer or incur liens on the assets that secure the debt. For further information see Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Liquidity and Capital Resources. 
 The covenants and restrictions included in our existing financings do, and the covenants and restrictions to be included in any future financings may, restrict our ability to, among other things: 
 incur or guarantee additional debt; 
 make certain investments, originations or acquisitions; 
 make distributions on or repurchase or redeem capital stock; 
 engage in mergers or consolidations; 
 reduce liquidity below certain levels; 
 grant liens; 
 have a tangible net worth below a defined threshold; 
 incur operating losses for more than a specified period; and 
 enter into transactions with affiliates. 
 Our non-recourse debt limits our ability to take action with regard to the assets pledged as security for the debt. These restrictions, as well as any other covenants contained in any future financings, may interfere with our ability to obtain financing, or to engage in other business activities, which may significantly limit or harm our business, financial condition, liquidity and results of operations. Certain financing agreements also contain cross-default provisions, so that if a default occurs under any one agreement, the lenders under our other agreements could also declare a default. A default and resulting repayment acceleration could significantly reduce our liquidity, which could require us to sell our assets to repay amounts due and outstanding. This could also significantly harm our business, financial condition, results of operations, and our ability to make distributions, which could cause the value of our common stock to decline and adversely affect our ability to qualify, or remain qualified, as a REIT. A default will also significantly limit our financing alternatives such that we will be unable to pursue our leverage strategy, which could curtail the returns on our assets. 
 In addition, certain of our financing arrangements contain provisions that provide for a preference in cash flow allocations to the lender from our assets or an acceleration of principal payments owed when certain conditions are present related to the underlying assets that serve as collateral for the financing. These provisions may limit our ability to obtain distributions from the underlying assets and could impact our cash flow and expected returns. 
 We have issued senior unsecured notes that require us to maintain a certain amount of unencumbered assets as a part of our Portfolio, as well as to maintain certain debt coverage service ratios in order to issue additional notes. These provisions may limit our ability to leverage certain assets and limit our overall debt levels. 
 We will have to pay off the remaining balance or refinance our borrowings when they become due. The failure to be able to pay off the remaining balance or refinance such borrowings or an increase in interest rates of such refinancing could have a material impact on our business. 
 Some of our borrowings will have a remaining balance when they become due. If our subsidiary is unable to repay or refinance the remaining balance of this debt, or if the terms of any available refinancing are not favorable, we may be forced to liquidate assets or incur higher costs which may significantly harm our business, financial condition, results of operations, and our ability to make distributions, which could cause the value of our common stock to decline. 
 The discontinuation of U.S. dollar London Interbank Offered Rate LIBOR may adversely affect our borrowing costs and the costs of any related hedging transactions. 
 The terms of our secured credit facilities refer to U.S. dollar LIBOR. As announced on March 5, 2021 by the ICE Benchmark Administration Limited IBA and the U.K. Financial Conduct Authority, the IBA will cease publishing the overnight, 1-month, 3-month, 6-month and 12-month settings of U.S. dollar LIBOR rates immediately after June 30, 2023. The Alternative Reference Rates Committee ARCC ), which was convened by the Federal Reserve Board and the New York 
 - 31 - 

Federal Reserve Bank, has identified the Secured Overnight Financing Rate SOFR as the recommended risk-free alternative rate for U.S. dollar LIBOR. The ARRC has also recommended the use of the CME Group's computation of forward-looking SOFR term rates Term SOFR ), subject to certain recommended limitations on the scope of its use. In March 2022, the Adjustable Interest Rate (LIBOR) Act was enacted at the federal level in the United States, pursuant to which the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System has designated benchmark replacement rates based on SOFR for U.S. law governed legacy contracts that have no or insufficient fallback provisions. Some of our financing arrangements may not include robust fallback language that would facilitate replacing U.S. dollar LIBOR with a clearly defined alternative reference rate. We may not able to amend or refinance these credit facilities and interest rate hedge agreements prior to the discontinuation of U.S. dollar LIBOR, or applicable legislation or regulations may provide a benchmark replacement rate based on SOFR, a spread adjustment and conforming changes. Even when robust fallback language is included in financing arrangements, any alternative rates used to determine interest on our variable rate debt, including any version of SOFR or Term SOFR, plus any spread adjustment may not be economically equivalent to U.S. dollar LIBOR. In addition, market practices related to calculation conventions for replacement benchmark rates continue to develop and may vary, and inconsistent conventions may develop among financial products. Inconsistent use of replacement rates or calculation conventions among financial products could expose us to additional financial risks and increase the cost of any related hedging transactions. Furthermore, the transition away from U.S. dollar LIBOR may adversely impact our ability to hedge exposures to fluctuations in interest rates using derivative instruments. It is not possible to predict all consequences of the IBA s plans to cease publishing U.S. dollar LIBOR, any related regulatory actions and the expected discontinuance of the use of U.S. dollar LIBOR as a reference rate for financial contracts. Any transition from LIBOR to alternative reference rates could result in financial market disruptions, hedging mismatches, or significant increases in our borrowing costs or the costs of any related hedging, any of which could have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition, and the market price of our common stock. 
 
 We have borrowings which bear interest at a variable rate that is based on the SOFR, which may have consequences for us that cannot be reasonably predicted and may adversely affect our liquidity, financial condition, and results of operations. 
 
 We have borrowings which bear interest at a rate per annum that is based upon SOFR. Although SOFR has been endorsed by the Alternative Reference Rates Committee as its preferred replacement for LIBOR, it remains uncertain whether or when SOFR or other alternative reference rates will be widely accepted by lenders as the replacement for LIBOR. This may, in turn, impact the liquidity of the SOFR loan market, and SOFR itself. Since the initial publication of SOFR, daily changes in the rate have, on occasion, been more volatile than daily changes in comparable benchmark or market rates, and SOFR over time may bear little or no relation to the historical actual or historical indicative data and use of SOFR may result in interest rates and/or payments that are higher or lower than the rates and payments that we might have experienced using LIBOR. Also, the use of SOFR based rates is relatively new, and there could be unanticipated difficulties or disruptions with the calculation and publication of SOFR based rates. In particular, if the agent under the CarbonCount -Based Revolving Credit Facility determines that SOFR based rates cannot be determined or the agent or the lenders determine that SOFR based rates do not adequately reflect the cost of funding the SOFR loans, outstanding SOFR loans will be converted into ABR Loans (as defined in the CarbonCount -Based Revolving Credit Facility). The possible volatility of and uncertainty around SOFR as a LIBOR replacement rate and the potential conversion to ABR Loans could result in higher borrowing costs for us, which would adversely affect our liquidity, financial condition, and results of operations. 
 We, or the projects in which we invest, enter into hedging transactions that could expose us to contingent liabilities or additional credit risk in the future and adversely impact our financial condition. 
 Subject to maintaining our qualification as a REIT, part of our strategy, or the strategy of the projects in which we invest, involves entering into hedging transactions that could require us to fund cash payments in certain circumstances (e.g . , the early termination of the hedging instrument caused by an event of default or other early termination event, or the decision by a counterparty to request margin it is contractually owed under the terms of the hedging instrument). The amount due would be equal to the unrealized loss of the open swap positions with the respective counterparty and could also include other fees and charges. These economic losses will be reflected in our, or the project s, financial statements, and our, or the project s, ability to fund these obligations will depend on the liquidity of our, or the project s, assets and access to capital at the time, and the need to fund these obligations could adversely impact our financial condition. 
 Even though most swaps are cleared through a central counterparty clearinghouse, certain transactions could be executed bilaterally with a counterparty. We would remain exposed to our counterparty s ability to perform on its obligations under each hedge and cannot look to the creditworthiness of a central counterparty for performance. As a result, if a hedging counterparty cannot perform under the terms of the hedge, we would not receive payments due under that hedge, we may lose any unrealized gain associated with the hedge and the hedged liability would cease to be hedged. While we would seek to terminate the relevant hedge transaction and may have a claim against the defaulting counterparty for any losses, including unrealized gains, there is no assurance that we would be able to recover such amounts or to replace the relevant hedge on economically viable terms or at all. In such case, we could be forced to cover our unhedged liabilities at the then current market price. We may also 
 - 32 - 

be at risk for any collateral we have pledged to secure our obligations under the hedge if the counterparty becomes insolvent or files for bankruptcy. 
 Furthermore, our interest rate swaps and other hedge transactions are subject to increasing statutory and other regulatory requirements and, depending on the identity of the counterparty, applicable international requirements. Recently, new regulations have been promulgated by U.S. and foreign regulators to strengthen the oversight of swaps, and any further actions taken by such regulators could constrain our strategy or increase our costs, either of which could materially and adversely impact our results of operations. 
 Additionally, applicable regulations require certain derivatives, including certain interest rate swaps, to be executed on a regulated market and cleared through a central counterparty. Unlike over-the-counter swaps, the counterparty for the cleared swaps is the clearing house, which reduces counterparty risk. However, cleared swaps require us to appoint clearing brokers and to post margin in accordance with the clearing house s rules, which has resulted in increased costs for cleared swaps compared to over-the-counter swaps. Our over-the-counter hedges with swap dealers are subject to margin regulations which prescribe the required margin, limit eligible margin to cash and specified types of securities. These margin regulations have the effect, therefore, of increasing the costs of hedging and could induce us to limit our use of certain hedging transactions. 
 Also, any mortgage real estate investment trust that trades in swaps may be considered a "commodity pool," which would cause its operator to be regulated as a commodity pool operator (a CPO ). Operators of mortgage REITs are currently exempt from CPO registration requirements, subject to certain qualification parameters. The need to operate within these parameters could limit the use of swaps and other commodity interests by us below the level that we would otherwise consider optimal or may lead to the registration of our company, our management team or our directors as commodity pool operators, which will subject us to additional regulatory oversight, compliance and costs. 
 Moreover, the projects in which we invest, may enter into various forms of hedging including interest rate and power price hedging. To the extent they enter into such hedges, the financial results of the project will be exposed to similar risks as described above which could adversely impact our results of operations. Further, the hedges entered into by us or the projects in which we invest may not be effective which could adversely impact our economics. 
 If we, or our projects, choose not to pursue, or fail to qualify for, hedge accounting treatment, our operating results under GAAP may be impacted because losses on the derivatives that we enter into may not be offset by a change in the fair value of the related hedged transaction. 
 We, or our projects, may choose not to pursue, or fail to qualify for, hedge accounting treatment relating to derivative and hedging transactions. We, or our projects, may fail to qualify for hedge accounting treatment for a number of reasons, including if we, or our projects, use instruments that do not meet the Accounting Standards Codification ASC Topic 815 definition of a derivative, we, or our projects, fail to satisfy ASC Topic 815 hedge documentation and hedge effectiveness assessment requirements or the hedge relationship is not highly effective. If we, or our projects, fail to qualify for, or choose not to pursue, hedge accounting treatment, our, or our projects, operating results may be impacted because losses on the derivatives that we, or our projects, enter into may not be offset by a change in the fair value of the related hedged transaction in our statement of operations presented under GAAP. 
 Risks Related to Our Common Stock 
 An active trading market for our common stock may not continue, which could cause our common stock to trade at a discount and make it difficult for holders of our common stock to sell their shares. 
 Our common stock is listed on the New York Stock Exchange NYSE ). However, an active trading market for our common stock may not continue, which could cause our common stock to trade at a discount to historical prices. Some of the factors that have or in the future could negatively affect the market price of our common stock include: 
 our actual or projected operating results, financial condition, cash flows and liquidity or changes in business strategy or prospects; 
 changes in the mix of our investment products and services, including the level of securitizations or fee income in any quarter; 
 actual or perceived conflicts of interest with individuals, including our executives; 
 our ability to arrange financing for projects; 
 equity issuances by us, or share resales by our stockholders, or the perception that such issuances or resales may occur; 
 seasonality in construction and demand for our investments; 
 actual or anticipated accounting problems; 
 - 33 - 

publication of research reports about us or the climate solutions industry; 
 changes in market valuations of similar companies; 
 adverse market reaction to any increased indebtedness we may incur in the future; 
 commodity price changes; 
 interest rate changes; 
 additions to or departures of our key personnel; 
 speculation or negative publicity in the press or investment community; 
 our failure to meet, or the lowering of, our earnings estimates or those of any securities analysts; 
 increases in market interest rates, which may lead investors to demand a higher distribution yield for our common stock, and would result in increased interest expenses on certain of our debt; 
 changes in governmental policies, regulations or laws; 
 failure to qualify, or maintain our qualification, as a REIT or failure to maintain our exemption from registration as an investment company under the 1940 Act; 
 price and volume fluctuations in the stock market generally; and 
 general market and economic conditions, including the current state of the credit and capital markets. 
 Market factors unrelated to our performance also have, and could in the future, negatively impact the market price of our common stock. One of the factors that investors may consider in deciding whether to buy or sell our common stock is our distribution rate as a percentage of our stock price relative to market interest rates. If market interest rates increase, prospective investors may demand a higher distribution rate or seek alternative investments paying higher dividends or interest. As a result, interest rate fluctuations and conditions in capital markets have, or in the future could, affect the market value of our common stock. 
 Common stock and preferred stock eligible for future sale may have adverse effects on our share price. 
 Subject to applicable law, our Board, without stockholder approval, may authorize us to issue additional authorized and unissued shares of common stock and preferred stock on the terms and for the consideration it deems appropriate. 
 We cannot predict the effect, if any, of future sales of our common stock or the availability of shares for future sales, on the market price of our common stock. Sales of substantial amounts of common stock or the perception that such sales could occur may adversely affect the prevailing market price for our common stock. 
 We cannot assure you of our ability to make distributions in the future. If our portfolio of assets fails to generate sufficient income and cash flow, we could be required to sell assets, borrow funds, raise additional equity or make a portion of our distributions in the form of a taxable stock distribution or distribution of debt securities. 
 We are generally required to distribute to our stockholders at least 90 of our REIT taxable income (without regard to the deduction for dividends paid and excluding net capital gains) each year for us to qualify, and maintain our qualification, as a REIT under the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the Internal Revenue Code ). Our current policy is to pay quarterly distributions, which on an annual basis is expected to equal or substantially exceed 90 or more of our REIT taxable income. In the event that our Board authorizes distributions in excess of the income or cash flow generated from our assets, we may make such distributions from the proceeds of future offerings of equity or debt securities or other forms of debt financing or the sale of assets. 
 Our ability to make distributions may be adversely affected by a number of factors. Therefore, although we anticipate making quarterly distributions to our stockholders, our Board has the sole discretion to determine the timing, form and amount of any distributions to our stockholders. If our portfolio of assets fails to generate sufficient income and cash flow, we could be required to sell assets, borrow funds, raise additional equity or make a portion of our distributions in the form of a taxable stock distribution or distribution of debt securities. To the extent that we are required to sell assets in adverse market conditions or borrow funds at unfavorable rates, our results of operations could be materially and adversely affected. If we raise additional equity, our stock price could be materially and adversely affected. Our Board will make determinations regarding distributions based upon various factors, including our earnings, our financial condition, our liquidity, our debt covenants, maintenance of our REIT qualification, applicable provisions of the MGCL and other factors as our Board may deem relevant from time to time. We believe that a change in any one of the following factors could adversely affect our results of operations and impair our ability to make distributions to our stockholders: 
 our ability to make profitable investments; 
 - 34 - 

margin calls or other expenses that reduce our cash flow; 
 defaults in our asset portfolio or decreases in the value of our portfolio; 
 the cash flow we receive from our assets, including those subject to non-recourse debt; and 
 the fact that anticipated operating expense levels may not prove accurate, as actual results may vary from estimates. 
 As a result, no assurance can be given that we will be able to make distributions to our stockholders at any time in the future or that the level of any distributions we do make to our stockholders will achieve a market yield or increase or even be maintained over time, any of which could materially and adversely affect us. 
 In addition, all or a portion of the distributions that we make to our stockholders will be taxable as ordinary income, subject to a potential deduction equal to 20 of the amount of such dividends for taxable years beginning in 2018 and ending in 2025, which generally reduces the effective U.S. federal income tax rate applicable to such dividends. However, a portion of our distributions may be designated by us as long-term capital gains to the extent that they are attributable to capital gain income recognized by us or may constitute a return of capital to the extent that they exceed our earnings and profits as determined for tax purposes. A return of capital is not taxable income but has the effect of reducing the basis of a stockholder s investment in shares of our common stock. 
 Future offerings of debt or equity securities, which may rank senior to our common stock, may adversely affect the market price of our common stock. 
 Our present debt ranks, and any future debt would rank, senior to our common stock. Such debt is, and likely will be, governed by a loan agreement, an indenture, or other instrument containing covenants restricting our operating flexibility. Additionally, our convertible securities, and any equity securities or convertible or exchangeable securities that we issue in the future may have rights, preferences and privileges more favorable than those of our common stock and may result in dilution to owners of our common stock. We and, indirectly, our stockholders will bear the cost of issuing and servicing such debt or securities. Because our decision to issue debt or equity securities in any future offering will depend on market conditions and other factors beyond our control, we cannot predict or estimate the amount, timing, or nature of our future offerings. Thus, holders of our common stock will bear the risk of our future offerings reducing the market price of our common stock and diluting the value of their stock holdings in us. 
 Risks Related to Our Organization and Structure 
 Our business could be harmed if key personnel terminate their employment with us. 
 Our success depends, to a significant extent, on the continued services of our senior management team. We have entered into employment agreements with certain members of our senior management team. Notwithstanding these agreements, there can be no assurance that any or all members of our senior management team will remain employed by us. We do not maintain key person life insurance on any of our officers other than two policies we maintain for Mr. Eckel under which we are a beneficiary in the amount of approximately 500 thousand. The loss of services of one or more members of our senior management team could harm our business and our prospects. 
 Conflicts of interest could arise as a result of our structure. 
 Conflicts of interest could arise in the future as a result of the relationships between us and our affiliates, on the one hand, and our Operating Partnership or any partner thereof, on the other. Our directors and officers have duties to our company under applicable Maryland law in connection with our management. Our duties, as the general partner, to our Operating Partnership and our partners may come into conflict with the duties of our directors and officers to us. 
 Under Delaware law, a general partner of a Delaware limited partnership owes its limited partners the duties of good faith and fair dealing. Other duties, including fiduciary duties, may be modified or eliminated in the partnership s partnership agreement, except that conflict of interest transactions may still run afoul of implied contractual standards under Delaware law. The partnership agreement of our Operating Partnership provides that, for so long as we own a controlling interest in our Operating Partnership, any conflict that cannot be resolved in a manner not adverse to either our stockholders or the limited partners will be resolved in favor of our stockholders. We have not obtained an opinion of counsel covering the provisions set forth in the partnership agreement of our Operating Partnership that purport to waive or restrict our fiduciary duties that would be in effect under common law were it not for the partnership agreement of our Operating Partnership. 
 Additionally, the partnership agreement of our Operating Partnership expressly limits our liability by providing that neither we, as the general partner of the Operating Partnership, nor any of our directors or officers, will be liable or accountable in damages to our Operating Partnership, its limited partners or their assignees for errors in judgment, mistakes of fact or law or for any act or omission if the general partner, director or officer, acted in good faith. In addition, our Operating Partnership is required to indemnify us, our affiliates and each of our and their respective officers, directors, employees and agents to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law against any and all losses, claims, damages, liabilities (whether joint or several), 
 - 35 - 

expenses (including, without limitation, attorneys fees and other legal fees and expenses), judgments, fines, settlements and other amounts arising from any and all claims, demands, actions, suits or proceedings, civil, criminal, administrative or investigative, that relate to the operations of the Operating Partnership, provided that our Operating Partnership will not indemnify any such person for (1) willful misconduct or a knowing violation of the law, (2) any transaction for which such person received an improper personal benefit in violation or breach of any provision of the partnership agreement of our Operating Partnership, or (3) in the case of a criminal proceeding, the person had reasonable cause to believe the act or omission was unlawful. 
 Certain provisions of Maryland law could inhibit changes in control. 
 Certain provisions of the MGCL may have the effect of deterring a third party from making a proposal to acquire us or of impeding a change in control under circumstances that otherwise could provide the holders of our common stock with the opportunity to realize a premium over the then-prevailing market price of our common stock. We are subject to the business combination provisions of the MGCL that, subject to limitations, prohibit certain business combinations between us and an interested stockholder (defined generally as any person who beneficially owns 10 or more of our then outstanding voting stock or an affiliate or associate of ours who, at any time within the two-year period prior to the date in question, was the beneficial owner of 10 or more of our then outstanding voting stock) or an affiliate thereof for five years after the most recent date on which the stockholder becomes an interested stockholder and, thereafter, impose fair price and/or supermajority stockholder voting requirements on these combinations. 
 The control share provisions of the MGCL provide that, subject to certain exemptions, a holder of control shares of a Maryland corporation (defined as shares which, when aggregated with all other shares controlled by the stockholder (except solely by virtue of a revocable proxy), entitle the stockholder to exercise one of three increasing ranges of voting power in electing directors) acquired in a control share acquisition (defined as the direct or indirect acquisition of ownership or control of issued and outstanding control shares has no voting rights with respect to such shares except to the extent approved by our stockholders by the affirmative vote of at least two thirds of all the votes entitled to be cast on the matter, excluding votes entitled to be cast by the acquirer of control shares, our officers and our directors who are also our employees. 
 The unsolicited takeover provisions of Title 3, Subtitle 8 of the MGCL permit our Board, without stockholder approval and regardless of what is currently provided in our charter or bylaws, to implement certain takeover defenses, some of which (for example, a classified board) we do not yet have. 
 As permitted by the MGCL, our Board has by resolution exempted from the business combination provision of the MGC business combinations (1) between us and any other person, provided, that such business combination is first approved by our Board (including a majority of our directors who are not affiliates or associates of such person), (2) the Predecessor and its affiliates and associates as part of our formation transactions and (3) persons acting in concert with any of the foregoing. Our bylaws contain a provision exempting from the control share acquisition statute any and all acquisitions by any person of shares of our stock. There can be no assurance that our Board will not amend or revoke the exemption at any time. 
 Our authorized but unissued shares of common and preferred stock may prevent a change in our control. 
 Our charter permits our Board to authorize us to issue additional shares of our authorized but unissued common or preferred stock. In addition, our Board may, without common stockholder approval, amend our charter to increase the aggregate number of our shares of stock or the number of shares of stock of any class or series that we have the authority to issue and classify or reclassify any unissued shares of common or preferred stock and set the terms of the classified or reclassified shares. As a result, our Board may establish a series of common or preferred stock that could delay or prevent a transaction or a change in control that might involve a premium price for shares of our common stock or otherwise be in the best interest of our stockholders. 
 Our rights and the rights of our stockholders to take action against our directors and officers are limited, which could limit stockholder recourse in the event of actions not in our stockholders best interests. 
 Our charter eliminates the liability of our present and former directors and officers to us and our stockholders for money damages to the maximum extent permitted under Maryland law. 
 Our charter authorizes us, and our bylaws and indemnification agreements entered into with each of our directors and executive officers require us, to the maximum extent permitted by Maryland law, to indemnify and, without requiring a preliminary determination of their ultimate entitlement to indemnification, to pay or reimburse defense costs and other expenses of each of our directors and officers in the defense of any proceeding to which he or she is made, or threatened to be made, a party or witness by reason of his or her service to us. As a result, we and our stockholders have rights against our directors and officers that are more limited than might otherwise exist and, in the event that actions taken by any of our directors or officers impede the performance of our company, your and our ability to recover damages from such director or officer will be limited. 
 - 36 - 

Our charter contains provisions that make removal of our directors difficult, which could make it difficult for our stockholders to effect changes to our management. 
 Our charter provides that, subject to the rights of holders of any series of preferred stock, a director may be removed with or without cause upon the affirmative vote of holders of at least two thirds of the votes entitled to be cast generally in the election of directors. Vacancies may be filled only by a majority of the remaining directors in office, even if less than a quorum. These requirements make it more difficult to change our management by removing and replacing directors and may prevent a change in control of our company that is in the best interests of our stockholders. 
 Ownership limitations may restrict change of control or business combination opportunities in which our stockholders might receive a premium for their shares. 
 In order for us to qualify as a REIT for each taxable year after 2013, no more than 50 in value of our outstanding capital stock may be owned, directly or constructively, by five or fewer individuals during the last half of any calendar year, and at least 100 persons must beneficially own our stock during at least 335 days of a taxable year of 12 months, or during a proportionate portion of a shorter taxable year. Individuals for this purpose include natural persons, private foundations, some employee benefit plans and trusts, and some charitable trusts. To assist us in preserving our REIT qualification, among other purposes, our charter generally prohibits any person from directly or indirectly owning more than 9.8 in value or in number of shares, whichever is more restrictive, of the aggregate outstanding shares of our capital stock, the outstanding shares of any class or series of our preferred stock or the outstanding shares of our common stock. These ownership limits could have the effect of discouraging a takeover or other transaction in which holders of our common stock might receive a premium for their shares over the then prevailing market price or which holders might believe to be otherwise in their best interests. Our Board has established exemptions from these ownership limits that permit certain institutional investors and their clients to hold shares of our common stock in excess of these ownership limits. 
 Risks Related to Our Taxation as a REIT 
 Qualifying as a REIT involves highly technical and complex provisions of the Internal Revenue Code, and our failure to qualify or remain qualified as a REIT would subject us to U.S. federal income tax and applicable state and local tax, which would negatively impact the results of our operations and reduce the amount of cash available for distribution to our stockholders. 
 We have elected to be treated, and qualify, as a REIT for U.S. federal income tax purposes. The U.S. federal income tax laws governing REITs are complex, and judicial and administrative interpretations of the U.S. federal income tax laws governing REIT qualification are limited. To qualify as a REIT and remain so qualified, we must meet, on an ongoing basis through actual operating results, various tests regarding the nature and diversification of our assets and our income, the ownership of our outstanding shares, and the amount of our distributions. Even a technical or inadvertent violation could jeopardize our REIT qualification. Our ability to satisfy the asset tests depends upon our analysis of the characterization and fair market values of our assets, some of which are not susceptible to a precise determination, and for which we will not obtain independent appraisals. 
 We received a private letter ruling from the Internal Revenue Service IRS ), which we refer to as the Ruling, relating to our ability to treat certain of our assets as qualifying REIT assets. We are entitled to rely on this Ruling for those assets which fit within the scope of the Ruling only to the extent that we have the legal and contractual rights described therein, we continue to operate in accordance with the relevant facts described in the ruling request we submitted, that such facts were accurately presented and to the extent such ruling is not inconsistent with the Real Property Regulations (as discussed in more detail below). As a result, no assurance can be given that we will always be able to rely on this Ruling. 
 In August of 2016, the Treasury Department and the IRS published regulations which we refer to as the Real Property Regulations relating to the definition of real property for purposes of the REIT income and asset tests with respect to our taxable years beginning after December 31, 2016. Among other things, the Real Property Regulations provide that an obligation secured by a structural component of a building or other inherently permanent structure qualifies as a real estate asset for REIT qualification purposes only if such obligation is also secured by a real property interest in the inherently permanent structure served by such structural component. This aspect of the Real Property Regulations has important implications for our qualification as a REIT since a significant portion of our REIT qualifying assets consists of receivables that are secured by liens on installed structural improvements designed to improve the energy efficiency of buildings and a significant portion of our REIT qualifying gross income is interest income earned with respect to such receivables. 
 The structural improvements securing our receivables generally qualify as fixtures under local real property law, as well as under the Uniform Commercial Code, or the UCC, which governs rights and obligations of parties in secured transactions. Although not controlling for REIT purposes, the general rule in the United States is that once improvements are permanently installed in real properties, such improvements become fixtures and thus take on the character of and are considered to be real property for certain state and local law purposes. In general, in the United States, laws governing fixtures, 
 - 37 - 

including the UCC and real property law, afford lenders who have secured their financings with security interests in fixtures with rights that extend not just to the fixtures that secure their financings, but also to the real properties in which such fixtures have been installed. By way of example only, Section 9-604(b) of the UCC, which has been adopted in all but two states in the United States, permits a lender secured by fixtures, upon a default, to enforce its rights under the UCC or under applicable real property laws. Although there is limited authority directly on point, given the nature of, and the extent to which, the structural improvements securing our receivables are integrated into and serve the related buildings, we believe that the better view is that the nature and scope of our rights in such buildings that inure to us as a result of our receivables are sufficient to satisfy the requirements of the Real Property Regulations described above. In addition to the limited authority directly on point, two other important caveats apply in this regard. First, the Real Property Regulations do not define what is required for an obligation secured by a lien on a structural component to also be secured by a real property interest in the building served by such structural component. However, the initial proposed version of the Real Property Regulations, which never became effective, included a requirement that the interest in the real property held by a REIT be equivalent to the interest in a structural component held by the REIT in order for the structural component to be treated as a real estate asset. This requirement was ultimately not included in the final Real Property Regulations, in part in response to comments that such requirement may negatively affect investment in energy efficiency and renewable energy assets. We believe the deletion of this requirement implies that under the final Real Property Regulations, our rights in the building need not be equivalent to our rights in the structural components serving the building. Second, real property law is typically relegated to the states and the specific rights available to any lien or mortgage holder, including our rights as a fixture lien holder described above, may vary between jurisdictions as a result of a range of factors, including the specific local real property law requirements and judicial and regulatory interpretations of such laws, and the competing rights of mortgage and other lenders. We have applied the analysis described above in a number of states that have adopted Section 9-604(b) of the UCC. In addition, in states where Section 9-604(b) of the UCC has not been adopted, we apply the analysis described above based on the application of the local real property laws of that state to the extent that we have received advice from counsel in those jurisdictions that local real property law provides us with appropriate rights to the buildings in which the structural improvements securing our receivables have been installed. Furthermore, we have applied the analysis described above to certain receivables secured by liens on structural improvements installed in buildings located in certain U.S. installations outside of the United States, based on our view that such installations are subject to U.S. sovereignty and as a result the UCC applies in such installations. While a number of cases have addressed the rights of fixture lien holders generally, there are limited judicial interpretations in only a few jurisdictions that directly address the rights and remedies available to a fixture lien holder in the real property in which the fixtures have been installed. Such rights have been addressed in some cases that support our position and, in factual circumstances distinguishable from our own, in some cases where the courts have found these rights to be more limited. The resolution of these issues in many jurisdictions therefore remains uncertain. As a result of the foregoing, no assurance can be given that the IRS will not challenge our position that our receivables meet the requirements of the Real Property Regulations or that, if challenged, such position would be sustained. 
 The preamble to the Real Property Regulations provides that, to the extent a private letter ruling issued prior to the issuance of the Real Property Regulations is inconsistent with the Real Property Regulations, the private letter ruling is revoked prospectively from the applicability date of the Real Property Regulations. We do not believe that the Ruling is inconsistent with the Real Property Regulations because we believe the analysis in the Ruling was based on similar principles as the relevant portions of the Real Property Regulations, and accordingly we do not believe that the Real Property Regulations impact our ability to rely on the Ruling. However, no assurance can be given that the IRS would not successfully assert that we are not permitted to rely on the Ruling because the Ruling has been revoked by the Real Property Regulations. 
 If the IRS were to assert that a significant portion of our receivables do not qualify as real estate assets and do not generate income treated as interest income from mortgages on real property, we would fail to satisfy both the gross income requirements and asset requirements applicable to REITs. If this were to occur, we would be required to restructure the manner in which we receive such income and we may realize significant income that does not qualify for the REIT 75 gross income test, which could cause us to fail to qualify as a REIT. 
 In addition, our compliance with the REIT income and quarterly asset requirements also depends upon our ability to successfully manage the composition of our income and assets on an ongoing basis in accordance with existing REIT regulations and rules and interpretations thereof. Moreover, the IRS, new legislation, court decisions or other administrative guidance, in each case possibly with retroactive effect, may make it more difficult or impossible for us to qualify as a REIT. Our ability to satisfy the requirements to qualify as a REIT also depends in part on the actions of third parties over which we have no control or only limited influence, including in cases where we own an equity interest in an entity that is classified as a partnership for U.S. federal income tax purposes. Thus, given the highly complex nature of the rules governing REITs, the ongoing importance of factual determinations, and the possibility of future changes in our circumstances, no assurance can be given that we will so qualify for any particular year. Further, differences in timing between the recognition of taxable income, our GAAP income and the actual receipt of cash may occur. For example, we may be required to accrue interest and discount income on debt securities or interests in debt securities before we receive any payments of interest or principal on such assets, 
 - 38 - 

and there may be timing differences in the accrual of such interest and discount income for tax purposes and for GAAP purposes. 
 If we fail to qualify as a REIT in any taxable year, and we do not qualify for certain statutory relief provisions, we would be required to pay U.S. federal income tax on our net taxable income, and distributions to our stockholders would not be deductible by us in determining our taxable income. In such a case, we might need to borrow money or sell assets in order to pay our taxes. Our payment of income tax would negatively impact the results of our operations and decrease the amount of our income available for distribution to our stockholders. Furthermore, if we fail to maintain our qualification as a REIT, we no longer would be required to distribute substantially all of our taxable income to our stockholders, which would leave our Board with more discretion over our future distribution levels. In addition, unless we were eligible for certain statutory relief provisions, we could not re-elect to qualify as a REIT for the subsequent four taxable years following the year in which we failed to qualify. 
 Complying with REIT requirements may force us to liquidate or forego otherwise attractive investments, incur debt, or sell assets at inopportune times. 
 To qualify as a REIT, we must ensure that we meet the REIT gross income tests annually and that, at the end of each calendar quarter, at least 75 of the value of our total assets consists of cash, cash items, government securities, shares in REITs and other qualifying real estate assets. In addition, certain other limitations apply to the asset we may hold, which generally limit the concentration we may hold in assets that are not qualifying real estate assets. If we fail to comply with these requirements at the end of any calendar quarter, we must correct the failure within 30 days after the end of the calendar quarter or qualify for certain statutory relief provisions to avoid losing our REIT qualification and suffering adverse tax consequences. 
 In addition, in order to qualify as a REIT, we must distribute to our stockholders, each calendar year, at least 90 of our REIT taxable income (including certain items of non-cash income), determined without regard to the deduction for dividends paid and excluding net capital gain. To the extent that we satisfy the 90 distribution requirement, but distribute less than 100 of our REIT taxable income, we will be subject to U.S. federal corporate income tax on our undistributed income. In addition, we will incur a 4 non-deductible excise tax on the amount, if any, by which our distributions in any calendar year are less than a minimum amount specified under U.S. federal income tax laws. We intend to distribute our taxable income to our stockholders in a manner intended to satisfy the REIT 90 distribution requirement and to avoid the 4 non-deductible excise tax. 
 These requirements may require us to liquidate from our portfolio, or contribute to a taxable REIT subsidiary (a TRS ), otherwise attractive investments, and we may be unable to pursue investments that would be otherwise advantageous to us in order to satisfy the source of income or asset diversification requirements for qualifying as a REIT. These actions could have the effect of reducing our income and amounts available for distribution to our stockholders. In addition, if we are compelled to liquidate our assets, such as to repay obligations to our lenders, this could impact our qualification with the REIT requirements, and we may be required to take actions to satisfy the REIT income, asset, or distribution tests, or else fail to qualify as a REIT. No assurance can be provided that we will satisfy these requirements under all circumstances. Furthermore, in order to meet the REIT distribution requirements, we may be required to: (i) sell assets in adverse market conditions, (ii) raise debt or equity on unfavorable terms, (iii) distribute amounts that would otherwise be invested in future acquisitions, capital expenditures or repayment of debt, (iv) make a taxable distribution of our shares as part of a distribution in which stockholders may elect to receive shares or (subject to a limit measured as a percentage of the total distribution) cash or (v) use cash reserves, in order to comply with the REIT distribution requirements and to avoid U.S. federal corporate income tax and the 4 non-deductible excise tax. Thus, compliance with the REIT distribution requirements may hinder our ability to grow, which could adversely affect the value of our common stock. 
 Even though we qualify as a REIT, we may face tax liabilities that reduce our cash flow. 
 Even though we qualify for taxation as a REIT, we may be subject to certain U.S. federal, state and local taxes on our income and assets, including taxes on any undistributed income, tax on income from some activities conducted as a result of a foreclosure, and state or local income, franchise, property and transfer taxes, including mortgage recording taxes. In addition, any TRSs we own are subject to U.S. federal, state and local corporate income or franchise taxes. In order to meet the REIT qualification requirements, or to avoid the imposition of a 100 tax that applies to certain gains derived by a REIT from sales of inventory or property held primarily for sale to customers in the ordinary course of business, we may hold some of our assets through TRSs. Any taxes paid by such TRSs would decrease the cash available for distribution to our stockholders. 
 The failure of assets including mezzanine loans to qualify as real estate assets may adversely affect our ability to qualify as a REIT. 
 We may acquire mezzanine loans, which are loans secured by equity interests in a partnership or limited liability company that directly or indirectly owns real property. In IRS Revenue Procedure 2003-65, the IRS provided a safe harbor pursuant to which a mezzanine loan, if it meets each of the requirements contained in the Revenue Procedure, will be treated by 
 - 39 - 

the IRS as a real estate asset for purposes of the REIT asset tests, and interest derived from the mezzanine loan will be treated as qualifying mortgage interest for purposes of the REIT 75 gross income test. Although IRS Revenue Procedure 2003-65 provides a safe harbor on which taxpayers may rely, it does not prescribe rules of substantive tax law. We may acquire mezzanine loans that may not meet all of the requirements for reliance on this safe harbor. In the event we own a mezzanine loan that does not meet the safe harbor, the IRS could challenge such loan s treatment as a real estate asset for purposes of the REIT asset and income tests, and if such a challenge were sustained, we could fail to qualify as a REIT. Further, we invest in assets such as C-PACE bonds and assessments, that we believe are secured by real property for purposes of the REIT income and asset tests but with respect to which no authority is directly on point. If the IRS were to successfully assert that such C-PACE assets are not qualifying assets for purposes of the REIT gross asset tests or do not generate qualifying income for purposes of the 75 gross income test, our REIT qualification could be adversely affected. 
 Further, under certain circumstances, interest from debt instruments that are secured by real property and other property is required to be apportioned between qualifying real estate interest and nonqualifying interest based on the principal amount of the debt instrument and the fair market value of the underlying real property. If debt instruments that we hold were to generate a greater amount of nonqualifying interest than we anticipate, we could fail to satisfy the REIT gross income test, and could lose our REIT qualification or be required to pay a penalty tax to preserve our REIT compliance. 
 We may be required to report taxable income for certain investments in excess of the economic income we ultimately realize from them. 
 To the extent we acquire debt investments in the secondary market for less than their face amount, the amount of such discount will generally be treated as market discount for U.S. federal income tax purposes. Market discount is generally accrued on the basis of a constant yield to maturity of a debt investment. Accrued market discount is reported as income when, and to the extent that, any payment of principal of the debt instrument is made, unless we elect to include accrued market discount in income as it accrues. Principal payments on certain loans are made monthly, and consequently accrued market discount may have to be included in income each month as if the debt investment was assured of ultimately being collected in full. If we collect less on the debt investment than our purchase price plus the market discount we had previously reported as income, we may not be able to benefit from any offsetting loss deductions. 
 Similarly, some of the debt investments that we acquire may have been issued with an original issue discount. We will generally be required to report such original issue discount based on a constant yield method and will be taxed based on the assumption that all future projected payments due on such debt investments will be made. If such debt investments turn out not to be fully collectible, an offsetting loss deduction will become available only in the later year that uncollectability is provable. In addition, in the event that any debt investments acquired by us are delinquent as to mandatory principal and interest payments, or in the event payments with respect to a particular debt investment are not made when due, we may nonetheless be required to continue to recognize the unpaid interest as taxable income as it accrues, despite doubt as to its ultimate collectability. While we would in general ultimately have an offsetting loss deduction available to us when such interest was determined to be uncollectible, the utility of that deduction could depend on our having taxable income in that later year or thereafter. Although we do not presently intend to, we may, in the future, acquire debt investments that are subsequently modified by agreement with the borrower. If such amendments are significant modifications under the applicable Treasury Regulations, we may be required to recognize taxable income as a result of such amendments. In addition, we may be required to accelerate our accrual for U.S. federal income tax purposes of certain items of income to the extent that we would otherwise recognize such items of income for U.S. federal income tax purposes later than we would report such items on our financial statements. Finally, we may be required under the terms of indebtedness that we incur with private lenders to use cash received from interest payments to make principal payments on that indebtedness, with the effect of recognizing income but not having a corresponding amount of cash available for distribution to our stockholders. These circumstances could affect our ability to satisfy the REIT distribution requirements. 
 The taxable mortgage pool rules may increase the taxes that we or our stockholders may incur and may limit the way we effect future securitizations. 
 Securitizations by us or our subsidiaries could result in the creation of taxable mortgage pools for U.S. federal income tax purposes. As a result, we could have excess inclusion income. Certain categories of stockholders, such as non-U.S. stockholders eligible for treaty or other benefits, U.S. stockholders with net operating losses, and certain U.S. tax-exempt stockholders that are subject to unrelated business income tax, could be subject to increased taxes on a portion of their dividend income from us that is attributable to any such excess inclusion income. In the case of a stockholder that is a REIT, a regulated investment company (a RIC ), common trust fund or other pass-through entity, our allocable share of our excess inclusion income could be considered excess inclusion income of such entity. In addition, to the extent that our common stock is owned by U.S. tax-exempt disqualified organizations, such as certain government-related entities and charitable remainder trusts that are not subject to tax on unrelated business income, we may incur a corporate level tax on a portion of any excess inclusion income. Because this tax generally would be imposed on us, all of our stockholders, including stockholders that are not disqualified organizations, generally will bear a portion of the tax cost associated with the classification of us or a portion of our assets as a taxable mortgage pool. A RIC, or other pass-through entity owning our common stock in record name will be subject 
 - 40 - 

to tax at the highest U.S. federal corporate income tax rate on any excess inclusion income allocated to their owners that are disqualified organizations. Moreover, we could face limitations in selling equity interests in these securitizations to outside investors, or selling any debt securities issued in connection with these securitizations that might be considered to be equity interests for tax purposes. Finally, if we were to fail to qualify as a REIT, any taxable mortgage pool securitizations would be treated as separate taxable corporations for U.S. federal income tax purposes that could not be included in any consolidated U.S. federal corporate income tax return. These limitations may prevent us from using certain techniques to maximize our returns from securitization transactions. 
 Our ownership of and relationship with our TRSs is limited and a failure to comply with the limits would jeopardize our REIT qualification and may result in the application of a 100 excise tax. 
 Overall, no more than 20 of the value of a REIT s total assets may consist of stock or securities of one or more TRSs. In order to satisfy the TRS limitation, we may make loans to our TRSs that meet the requirements to be treated as qualifying investments of new capital, which are generally treated as real estate assets under the Internal Revenue Code. Because such loans are treated as real estate assets for purposes of the REIT requirements, we do not treat these loans as TRS securities for purposes of the TRS asset limitation. However, no assurance can be provided that the IRS may not successfully assert that such loans should be treated as securities of our TRSs, which could adversely impact our qualification as a REIT. In addition, our TRSs have obtained financing in transactions in which we and our other subsidiaries have provided guaranties and similar credit support. Although we believe that these financings are properly treated as financings of our TRSs for U.S. federal income tax purposes, no assurance can be provided that the IRS would not assert that such financings should be treated as issued by other entities in our structure, which could impact our compliance with the TRS limitation and the other REIT requirements. While we will be monitoring the aggregate value of the securities of our TRSs and intend to conduct our affairs so that such securities will represent less than 20 of the value of our total assets, there can be no assurance that we will be able to comply with the TRS limitation in all market conditions. 
 Further, the TRS rules limit the deductibility of interest paid or accrued by a TRS to its parent REIT to assure that the TRS is subject to an appropriate level of corporate taxation. The rules also impose a 100 excise tax on certain transactions between a TRS and its parent REIT that are not conducted on an arm s-length basis. 
 The tax on prohibited transactions limits our ability to engage in certain types of transactions, including certain methods of securitizing loans, which would be treated as sales for U.S. federal income tax purposes. 
 A REIT s net income from prohibited transactions is subject to a 100 tax. In general, prohibited transactions are sales or other dispositions of property, other than foreclosure property, but including loans, held as inventory or primarily for sale to customers in the ordinary course of business. We might be subject to this tax if we were to sell or securitize loans in a manner that was treated as a sale of the loans as inventory for U.S. federal income tax purposes. Therefore, in order to avoid the prohibited transactions tax, we may choose not to engage in certain sales of loans, other than through a TRS, and we may be required to limit the structures we use for our securitization transactions, even though such sales or structures might otherwise be beneficial for us. 
 Complying with REIT requirements may limit our ability to hedge effectively. 
 The REIT provisions of the Internal Revenue Code may limit our ability to hedge our assets and operations. Under these provisions, any income that we generate from transactions intended to hedge our interest rate exposure will be excluded from gross income for purposes of the REIT 75 and 95 gross income tests if (i) the instrument (A) hedges interest rate risk on liabilities used to carry or acquire real estate assets or certain other specified types of risk, or (B) hedges an instrument described in clause (A) for a period following the extinguishment of the liability or the disposition of the asset that was previously hedged by the hedged instrument, and (ii) such instrument is properly identified under applicable Treasury Regulations. Income from hedging transactions that do not meet these requirements will generally constitute non-qualifying income for purposes of both the REIT 75 and 95 gross income tests. As a result of these rules, we may have to limit our use of hedging techniques that might otherwise be advantageous or implement those hedges through a TRS. This could increase the cost of our hedging activities because our TRS would be subject to tax on gains or the limits on our use of hedging techniques could expose us to greater risks associated with changes in interest rates than we would otherwise want to bear. In addition, losses in our TRS will generally not provide any tax benefit to us, although subject to limitation, such losses may be carried forward to offset future taxable income of the TRS. 
 Legislative, regulatory, or administrative changes could adversely affect us. 
 The U.S. federal income tax laws and regulations governing REITs and their stockholders, as well as the administrative interpretations of those laws and regulations, are constantly under review and may be changed at any time, possibly with retroactive effect. No assurance can be given as to whether, when, or in what form, the U.S. federal income tax laws applicable to us and our stockholders may be enacted. Changes to the U.S. federal income tax laws and interpretations of U.S. federal tax laws could adversely affect an investment in our common stock. 
 - 41 - 

Your investment has various U.S. federal income tax risks. 
 We urge you to consult your tax advisor concerning the effects of U.S. federal, state, local and foreign tax laws to you regarding an investment in shares of our common stock. 

Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 
 None. 

Item 2. Properties 
 Our principal executive offices are located at One Park Place, Suite 200, Annapolis, Maryland 21401. Our telephone number is (410) 571-9860. 

Item 3. Legal Proceedings 
 From time to time, we may be involved in various claims and legal actions in the ordinary course of business. As of December 31, 2022, we are not currently subject to any legal proceedings that are likely to have a material adverse effect on our financial position, results of operations or cash flows. 

Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 
 Not applicable. 
 
 - 42 - 

PART II 

Item 5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 Market Information 
 Our common stock is traded on the NYSE under the symbol HASI. 
 Holders 
 As of February 16, 2023, we had 165 registered holders of our common stock. The 165 holders of record do not include the beneficial owners of our common stock whose shares are held by a broker or bank. Such information was obtained from The Depository Trust Company. 
 Dividends 
 We intend to make regular quarterly distributions to holders of our common stock. Any distributions we make will be at the discretion of our Board and will depend upon, among other things, our actual results of operations. These results and our ability to pay distributions will be affected by various factors, including the net interest and other income from our Portfolio, our operating expenses and any other expenditures. See Item 1A. Risk Factors, and Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations, of this Form 10-K, for information regarding the sources of funds used for dividends and for a discussion of factors, if any, which may adversely affect our ability to pay dividends. See Note 11 to our audited financial statements in this Form 10-K for details of our dividends declared in 2022 and 2021. 
 Additionally, as we are subject to the REIT requirements to distribute at least 90 of our REIT taxable income, there is a minimum amount of distributions that we are required to make. The taxable income of the REIT can vary from our GAAP earnings due to a number of different factors, including, the book to tax timing differences of income and expense recognition from our transactions as well as the amount of taxable income of our TRSs distributed to the REIT. See Note 10 to our audited financial statements in this Form 10-K regarding the amount of our distributions that are taxed as ordinary income to our stockholders. 
 Stockholder Return Performance 
 The stock performance graph and table below shall not be deemed, under the Securities Act or the Exchange Act, to be (i) soliciting material or filed or (ii) incorporated by reference by any general statement into any filing made by us with the SEC, except to the extent that we specifically incorporate such stock performance graph and table by reference. 
 The following graph is a comparison of the cumulative total stockholder return from December 31, 2017 to December 31, 2022 on our shares of common stock, the Standard Poor s 500 Index (the S P 500 Index ), and peer group indices, including the FTSE NAREIT All Equity REIT Index, and Global X Renewable Energy Producers ETF. The graph assumes that 100 was invested at closing on December 31, 2017, in our shares of common stock, the S P 500 Index, and the peer group indices and that all dividends were reinvested without the payment of any commissions. There can be no assurance that the performance of our common stock will continue in line with the same or similar trends depicted in the graph below. 

- 43 - 

Company or Index 12/31/2017 12/31/2018 12/31/2019 12/31/2020 12/31/2021 12/31/2022 Hannon Armstrong Sustainable Infrastructure Capital, Inc. 100.00 84.63 149.85 308.62 265.19 150.97 S P 500 Index 100.00 95.61 125.70 148.81 191.48 156.77 FTSE NAREIT All Equity REIT Index 100.00 95.94 123.42 117.15 165.51 124.27 Global X Renewable Energy Producers ETF 100.00 93.75 128.49 162.72 141.90 120.18 
 
 Sources: Bloomberg L.P. 
 Purchases of Equity Securities by the Issuer and Affiliated Purchasers 
 The table below summarizes all of our repurchases of common stock during 2022. 
 
 Period 
 Total number 
 of shares 
 purchased (1) 
 Average price 
 per share 
 Total number of 
 shares purchased 
 as part of publicly 
 announced plans 
 or programs 
 Maximum number 
 of shares that may 
 yet be purchased 
 under the plans or 
 programs 
 March 1 - March 31, 2022 45,045 49.09 N/A N/A May 1 - May 31, 2022 25,295 37.53 N/A N/A June 1 - June 30, 2022 20 39.20 N/A N/A August 1 - August 30, 2022 1,152 43.11 N/A N/A 
 (1) During the year ended December 31, 2022, certain of our employees surrendered common stock owned by them to satisfy their tax and other compensation related withholdings associated with the vesting of restricted stock and restricted stock units. Non-controlling interest holders exchanged 2,777 OP units for the same number of shares of common stock during the year ended December 31, 2022. The price paid per share is based on the closing price of our common stock as of the date of the exchange and withholding. 

Item 6. [Reserved] 
 None. 
 
 - 44 - 

Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 The following discussion should be read in conjunction with our financial statements and accompanying notes included in Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data, of this Form 10-K. Refer to Item 7 -- Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations on our Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2021 for a discussion of our results for the year ended December 31, 2020 and a comparison of our results of operations for the fiscal years ended December 31, 2021 and December 31, 2020. 
 Overview 
 We invest in climate solutions developed or sponsored by leading companies in the energy efficiency, renewable energy and other sustainable infrastructure markets. We believe we are one of the first U.S. public companies solely dedicated to climate solutions. Our goal is to generate attractive returns from a diversified portfolio of project company investments with long-term, predictable cash flows from proven technologies that reduce carbon emissions or increase resilience to climate change. 
 We are internally managed, and our management team has extensive relevant industry knowledge and experience. We have long-standing relationships with the leading energy service companies ESCOs ), manufacturers, project developers, utilities, owners and operators that provide recurring, programmatic investment and fee-generating opportunities. Additionally, we have relationships with leading commercial and investment banks and institutional investors from which we are referred additional investment and fee generating opportunities. 
 We completed approximately 1.8 billion of transactions during 2022, compared to approximately 1.7 billion during 2021. As of December 31, 2022, we held approximately 4.3 billion of transactions on our balance sheet, which we refer to as our Portfolio. For those transactions that we choose not to hold on our balance sheet, we transfer all or a portion of the economics of the transaction, typically using securitization trusts, to institutional investors in exchange for cash and/or residual interests in the assets and in some cases, ongoing fees. As of December 31, 2022, we managed approximately 5.5 billion in these trusts or vehicles that are not consolidated on our balance sheet. When we combine these assets with our Portfolio, as of December 31, 2022, we manage approximately 9.8 billion of assets, which we refer to as our Managed Assets . 
 Our investments take many forms, including equity, joint ventures, land ownership, lending, or other financing transactions. We also generate ongoing fees through off-balance sheet securitization transactions, advisory services, and asset management. We use borrowings as part of our strategy to increase potential returns to our stockholders and we have available a broad range of financing sources including non-recourse or recourse debt, equity and off-balance sheet securitization structures. 
 See Item 1. Business for a further discussion of our business, investing strategy, and financing strategy. 
 Market Conditions 
 As a result of increasing global awareness of and aversion to climate change impacts, we believe the climate solutions markets in which we invest, and investment in climate solutions more broadly, will continue to grow as the impact of climate change increases. In January 2023, National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration NOAA reported that globally, 2022 was the sixth warmest year on record, with ten of the warmest years on record having occurred since 2010. 
 In light of this trend, we expect the federal government to continue to build upon its recent efforts to support the industry for climate solutions. On August 16, 2022, the Inflation Reduction Act IRA was signed into law, representing an unprecedented level of government support for the climate solutions industry as a whole. The IRA includes approximately 400 billion in federal funding for tax credits, consumer rebates, and other incentives that put the U.S. on a path to achieve the U.S. s goal of reducing emissions 50 percent below 2005 levels by the end of the decade. Specifically, production tax credits PTCs and investment tax credits ITCs for certain wind and solar investments have been extended for at least ten years, which we believe will provide developers, operators, and investors significant runway for capital deployment. Importantly, these new tax credits transition to technology-neutral credits for projects that generate electricity with zero greenhouse gas emissions placed into service after 2024 and phase down upon the later of 2032 or when annual greenhouse gas emissions in the U.S. electric sector fall 75 percent from 2022 levels. The PTCs and ITCs under the IRA are transferable, and also include energy community and low-income community adders incentivizing the installation of projects in markets traditionally underserved by the renewables industry. Further, the IRA provides incentives for domestic content production, energy storage, clean fuel production, clean transportation, and other climate solutions markets that support the expansion of our total addressable market. 
 The IRA builds on the climate and clean energy investments provided in the Infrastructure Investment and Jobs Act IIJA ), signed into law by President Biden in November 2021. The IIJA provides billions of dollars for a variety of traditional infrastructure projects, as well as funding to invest in new emissions reduction technologies, build out a domestic network of electric vehicle chargers, and strengthen the battery supply chain. Critically, the IIJA includes approximately 65 billion for energy and electric grid development, which will prove critical to integrating the next generation of renewable energy projects. 
 - 45 - 

Relatedly, President Biden signed the CHIPS and Science Act into law in August 2022, which provides more than 280 billion to bolster U.S. semiconductor capacity and research and development efforts for key emerging technologies over the next ten years. As McKinsey Company noted in The CHIPS and Science Act: Here s what s in it published October 4, 2022, semiconductor shortages have been a key aspect of global supply chain pressures over the past 18 months, with the global supply chain approximately 2.5 standard deviations away from normal operations. This new law is expected to help to alleviate such supply chain issues within our markets over time, as high-powered semiconductors play a key role in both renewable power generation and transmission of this power to the grid. 
 In addition to these laws, President Biden has taken several executive actions aimed at accelerating the clean energy economy. In June 2022, President Biden issued an executive order authorizing use of the Defense Production Act to accelerate domestic production of clean energy technologies, including solar panel parts. In December 2022, the President Biden announced the first-ever Federal Building Performance Standard, setting a goal of reducing energy usage and electrifying equipment and appliances in 30 percent of the building space owned by the federal government by 2030. This action represents another important step in meeting President Biden s goal of achieving net-zero emissions in all federal buildings by 2045. The Federal Building Performance Standard follows a December 2021 executive order, signed by President Biden, that commits the federal government to achieving 100 percent carbon pollution-free electricity and a net-zero emissions building portfolio by 2045, including a 50 percent emissions reduction from buildings, campuses, and installations by 2032 from 2008 levels. 
 Each of these actions by the federal government represent unprecedented support for the climate solutions markets that we serve. While we are not dependent on the support of the federal government to achieve our financial results, we welcome these actions to further combat the impact of climate change. Corporates are also responding to climate change risks. The American Clear Power Association ACP noted in its Clean Energy Powers American Business report for 2022 that corporate sustainability targets as well as economic and environmental benefits have led to a 100-fold increase in corporate clean power procurement over the past decade. In 2022, despite rising PPA prices, ACP estimates that corporations purchased nearly 20 gigawatts of clean energy and contracted for more than 77 gigawatts of clean energy during the year. Corporations remain an integral component in removing carbon from energy markets through their own energy transition plans as well as the carbon within their supply chains. 
 These positive industry trends coupled with the increasing environmental and economic imperative to reduce carbon emissions are expected to further broaden our investment opportunities. Investments in energy efficiency as a service allow organizations to avoid the upfront costs of efficiency investments by paying for efficiency-enabled cost savings as operating rather than capital expenses. In its Annual Energy Outlook 2022, the U.S. Energy Information Administration EIA estimates that decreasing energy intensity resulting from energy efficiency improvements will continue until at least 2050 with declines in each end-use sector. 
 While we believe that the long-term growth prospects for our business remain positive, volatility in financial markets and higher inflation along with interest rate movements could impact the markets we serve. The Federal Reserve Board of Governors began increasing the federal funds rate (the rate at which banks lend to one another) on March 17, 2022 for the first time since December 20, 2018. In total, the Federal Reserve increased the federal funds rate by 4.25 percent in 2022, as well as 0.25 percent in 2023, and has signaled future increases and balance sheet reductions as necessary to reduce inflation to its 2 percent target. These actions, in additional to general market conditions, have increased the cost of financing available to the markets that we serve. See Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk-Interest Rate and Borrowing Risks for an analysis of the impact of rates on our business. To date, inflationary pressures have not had a material impact on our business. 
 According to the EIA, the average annual Henry Hub natural gas price for 2022 was 6.45/MMBtu, an increase of 53 percent over 2021 and a 14-year high. The EIA cites COVID-related issues as well as Russia s invasion of Ukraine as key contributors to the sharp increase in price during 2022. The EIA s outlook for 2023 is for an average price of 4.90/MMBtu with an expectation that prices remain at nearly the same level in 2024. As wholesale electricity prices are closely tied to wholesale natural gas prices in many parts of the United States, higher natural gas prices have positively impacted, and are expected to continue to positively impact, renewable energy projects that sell wholesale power on a merchant basis at spot market prices. For more detail on commodity price impacts, see Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk-Commodity Price Risk . 
 Notwithstanding any concerns that current market conditions have raised for our business, we believe significant opportunities exist for us to grow our business. As a long-term participant committed to providing capital for climate solutions, we plan to continue to fund projects that meet our underwriting standards and look for opportunities to expand our business. 
 - 46 - 

Factors Impacting our Operating Results 
 We expect that our results of operations will be affected by a number of factors and will primarily depend on the size of our Portfolio, including the mix of transactions which we hold in our Portfolio, the income we receive from securitizations, syndications and other services, our Portfolio s credit risk profile, changes in market interest rates, commodity prices, federal, state and/or municipal governmental policies, general market conditions in local, regional and national economies, our ability to qualify as a REIT and maintain our exemption from registration as an investment company under the 1940 Act and the impact of climate change. 
 Portfolio Size 
 The size of our Portfolio will be a key driver of revenue. Generally, as the size of our Portfolio on our balance sheet grows the amount of our revenue will increase. Our Portfolio may grow at an uneven pace as opportunities to originate new assets may be irregularly timed, and the timing and extent of our success in such originations cannot be predicted. To the extent the size of our Portfolio changes due to equity method investment activity, the income or loss from such investments will not be included in revenue but are reflected as income (loss) from equity method investments in our income statement and will vary over time. In addition, we may decide for any particular asset that we should securitize or otherwise sell a portion, or all, of the asset, which would result in gain on sale of receivables and investments or fee income as described below. The level of portfolio activity will fluctuate from period to period based upon the market demand for the capital we provide, our view of economic fundamentals including interest rates, the present mix of our Portfolio, our ability to identify new opportunities that meet our investment criteria, the volume of projects that have advanced to stages where we believe a transaction is appropriate, seasonality in our activities and in the various projects where we may provide debt or equity and our ability to consummate the identified opportunities, including as a result of our available capital. The level of our new origination activity, the percentage of the originations that we choose to retain on our balance sheet and the related income, will directly impact our interest and rental revenue and income from equity method investments. 
 Income from Securitization, Syndication and Other Services 
 We earn gain on sale of financial assets or fee income by securitizing or selling all or a portion of certain transactions. For transactions that we securitize via a non-consolidated trust, we recognize a gain on the securitization. The gain may be comprised of either or both cash received and a residual interest in securitized assets. We may also recognize additional income from servicing fees from these securitized assets over the life of the asset. We view the revenue from such activities as a valuable component of our earnings and an important source of franchise value. 
 In many cases, we arrange the securitization of the loan or other asset prior to originating the transaction and thus avoid exposure to credit spread and interest rate risks. In these cases, we avoid funding risks for these financings or other assets given that our securitization partners contractually agree to fund such assets before the origination transaction is completed. 
 We also generate fee income for syndications where we arrange financings that are held by other investors or if we sell existing transactions to other investors. In these transactions, unless we decide to hold a portion of the economic interest of the transaction on our balance sheet, we have no exposure to risks related to ownership of those financings. We may charge advisory, retainer or other fees, including through our broker dealer subsidiary. 
 The total amount of income from securitizations, syndications, and other services will vary from quarter to quarter depending on various factors, including the level of our originations, the duration, credit quality and types of assets we originate, current and anticipated future interest rates, the impact on our leverage, the mix of our Portfolio and our need to tailor our mix of assets in order to allow us to qualify as a REIT for U.S. federal income tax purposes and maintain our exemption from registration under the 1940 Act. 
 - 47 - 

Credit Risks 
 We source and identify quality opportunities within our broad areas of expertise and apply our rigorous underwriting processes to our transactions, which, we believe, will generally enable us to minimize our credit losses and maintain our current level of financing costs. In the case of various renewable energy and other sustainable infrastructure projects, we will be exposed to the credit risk of the obligor of the project s PPA or other long-term contractual revenue commitments, as well as to the credit risk of certain suppliers and project operators. While we do not anticipate facing significant credit risk in our assets related to government energy efficiency projects, we are subject to varying degrees of credit risk in these projects in relation to payment guarantees provided by ESCOs that are required in the event that certain energy savings are not realized by the customer. We are also exposed to credit risk in our other projects that do not benefit from governments as the obligor such as on balance sheet financing of projects undertaken by universities, schools and hospitals, as well as privately owned commercial projects. We have extended mezzanine loans to various special purpose entities which own residential or community solar projects, and the ultimate repayment of those loans is dependent on the creditworthiness of the related residential obligors. As a result of investing in these and other mezzanine loans, we are exposed to additional credit risk. In certain instances interest is paid on our mezzanine loans in-kind, which increases our outstanding loan balances and causes the ultimate repayment of cash to occur later. We seek to manage credit risk through thorough due diligence and underwriting processes, strong structural protections in our transaction agreements with customers and continual, active asset management and portfolio monitoring. Nevertheless, unanticipated credit losses could occur and during periods of economic downturn in the global economy, our exposure to credit risks from obligors increases, and our efforts to monitor and mitigate the associated risks may not be effective in reducing our credit losses. See Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Credit Risks for further information on our credit risks and see Note 6 to our audited financial statements in this Form 10-K for additional detail of the credit risks surrounding our Portfolio. 
 Changes in Market Interest Rates and Liquidity 
 Interest rate risk is highly sensitive to many factors, including governmental monetary and tax policies, domestic and international economic and political considerations and other factors beyond our control. We are subject to interest rate risk in connection with new asset originations and our borrowings, including our revolving credit facilities, and in the future, to the extent we choose to enter into any new floating rate assets, revolving credit facilities or other borrowings. See Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk for further information on interest rates risks and liquidity. 
 Commodity Prices 
 When we make investments in a project that act as a substitute for an underlying commodity, we may be exposed to volatility in prices for that commodity. For example, the performance of renewable energy projects that produce electricity can be impacted by volatility in the market prices of various forms of energy, including electricity, coal and natural gas. This is especially true for utility scale projects that sell power on a wholesale basis such as many of our Grid-Connected projects as opposed to Behind-the-Meter projects which compete against the retail or delivered costs of electricity which includes the cost of transmitting and distributing the electricity to the end user. See Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk for further information on the impact of commodity prices. 
 Government Policies 
 We make investments in renewable energy projects that typically depend in part on various federal, state or local governmental policies that support or enhance the project s economic feasibility. Such policies may include governmental initiatives, laws and regulations designed to reduce energy usage and impact the use of renewable energy or the investment in, and the use of, climate solutions. Policies and incentives provided by the U.S. federal government may include tax credits (with some of these tax credits that are related to renewable energy scheduled to be reduced or eliminated in the future), tax deductions, bonus depreciation, federal grants and loan guarantees, and energy market regulations. The value of tax credits, deductions and incentives and how they can be realized may be impacted by changes in tax laws, rates, or regulations. 
 Incentives provided by state and local governments may include an RPS or similar clean energy standard, which specify the portion of the power utilized by local utilities that must be derived from renewable or clean energy sources as well as the state or local government sponsored programs where the financing of energy efficiency or renewable energy projects is repaid through an assessment in the property tax bill in a program commonly referred to as PACE. Additionally, certain states have implemented feed-in or net metering tariffs, pursuant to which electricity generated from renewable energy sources is purchased at a higher rate than prevailing wholesale rates. Other incentives include tariffs, tax incentives and other cash and non-cash payments. 
 Governmental agencies, commercial entities and developers of climate solutions projects frequently depend on these policies and incentives to help defray the costs of various projects. Government regulations also impact the terms of third party financing provided to support these projects. If any of these government policies, incentives or regulations are adversely amended, delayed, eliminated, reduced, retroactively changed or not extended beyond their current expiration dates or there is a 
 - 48 - 

negative impact from the recent federal law changes or proposals, the operating results of the projects we finance and the demand for, and the returns available from our investments may decline, which could harm our business. 
 Impacts of climate change on our future operations 
 As our business is focused on reducing carbon emissions and increasing resiliency to climate change, we are impacted by the effects of climate change and various related regulatory responses. In managing our business, we consider the potential impacts to our operations that may result in certain climate-related scenarios. We have implemented the recommendations of the TCFD, which provides a framework to consider and disclose our processes for managing the risks and opportunities associated with climate change. We have disclosed the components of the TCFD framework throughout this document. The following tables highlight our evaluation of potential impacts to our business in two climate related scenarios as well as our resilience to and strategy for handling the potential impacts. 
 - 49 - 

Transition Risks and Opportunities - We believe our Portfolio will be impacted by the transition risks and opportunities contemplated by the Paris Accords and the achievement of its objectives. 
 Scenario 1 - Global action is taken to limit the global temperature increase to 1.5 degrees Celsius above pre-industrial levels 
 Assumption Qualitative impacts Quantitative impacts Considerations of and impact on our management strategy The price of Renewable Energy Credits RECs or similar structures increase as more aggressive renewable portfolio standards and corporate renewable energy targets are implemented Increased expected cash flows and financial returns for certain of our investments to the extent the RECs are sold at higher market prices. If the overall price level of RECs increased by 5 we would not expect a material impact to the overall cash flows from our existing investments. This is largely due to the lower value of RECs in comparison to power prices in most of the markets where our investments are located. We may identify more investment opportunities resulting from the increased REC value. In addition, to the extent that our investments become more valuable we would consider whether it would be more economical to our stockholders to either monetize the investment given the increase in value or continue to hold in our Portfolio and maximize our returns from adding additional leverage to our financing. Increased debt/lease service coverage ratio for the obligors of our renewable energy debt investments and solar real estate leases that sell RECs at higher market pricing. The resulting increase in cash flows may also allow us to apply greater financial leverage to these investments and enhance our profitability. If there was a material increase in value associated with RECs, it is likely that more renewable energy projects would be developed in geographic areas where the RECs were more valuable, leading to more potential investment opportunities for us. 
 - 50 - 

Assumption Qualitative impacts Quantitative impacts Considerations of and impact on our management strategy A carbon tax or similar carbon pricing mechanism is implemented by governmental authorities which may cause an increase to (i) power prices, (ii) operating costs for certain entities, and (iii) the competitiveness of renewable energy, energy efficiency and storage projects Increased cash flows and financial returns from certain investments to the extent power is sold at higher market prices due to the increase in cost imposed on fossil fueled energy projects. A portion of our Portfolio is exposed to changes in the market price of power. Whether it is due to sales of energy at the then current market price or through a re-contracting of fixed price power purchase agreements. Under a scenario where a carbon tax drives the price of power up by 10 , our existing GC equity investments may hit their preferred return targets earlier, resulting in a modest increase in our overall investment yield, compared to the current baseline scenario. Our existing BTM equity investments would experience a 2 increase in expected cash flows. We would not expect a material impact to our, renewable energy debt, solar real estate, or energy efficiency investments. In relation to new business, there is the potential that more competitors enter our markets and put pressure on our asset pricing strategies as renewable energy and energy efficiency projects become more cost competitive with fossil fuel electricity generation assets. We are constantly reviewing our pricing strategies and would continue to do so in this scenario to understand how we can continue to make investments with acceptable risk adjusted returns. In addition, to the extent that our investments become more valuable we would consider whether it would be more economical to our stockholders to either monetize the investment given the increase in value or continue to hold in our Portfolio and maximize our returns from adding additional leverage to our financing. Increases in the debt/lease service coverage ratio for the obligors of our renewable energy debt investments and solar real estate leases that sell power at higher market pricing. The resulting increase in cash flows may also allow us to apply greater financial leverage to these investments and enhance our profitability. Increased energy cost savings from energy efficiency solutions. Increased competitiveness of renewable energy projects with fossil fueled power plants, due to an increase in power prices. An increase in the items mentioned above may increase the volume of assets available in which we can invest. However, the implementation of a carbon tax may also have a negative impact on the financial health of utilities and corporate entities who also purchase power from renewable energy projects in which we have invested. The credit ratings of these entities may be downgraded due to additional operating expenses resulting from a carbon tax. A credit rating downgrade may reduce the amount of financial leverage we are able to utilize. If this were to occur, our overall profitability could decline. 
 - 51 - 

Assumption Qualitative impacts Quantitative impacts Considerations of and impact on our management strategy A significant increase in research and re-development investment in renewable energy, energy storage, and energy efficiency technologies by public and private entities Continued decreases in cost could make renewable energy, energy storage, and energy efficiency technologies more cost competitive. As a result, we may experience an increase in investment opportunities available to us. Given the nature of our business activities and focus on structuring transactions to meet the capital needs of our clients, it is difficult to reliably quantify the positive impact on our investment opportunities. However, we would expect to achieve accretive economics from this assumption. In the development of our investment strategies we would consider investment in different technologies that we may not have historically invested based upon the additional development and maturation gained through the prospective increase in research and development. Additionally, the lower cost of projects may influence the amount of investment we would make in each opportunity. Significant growth in positive public sentiment for climate solutions investment Increased demand for investment in climate solutions may increase the volume of transactions in which we may invest, reduce our overall cost of capital and increase our profitability. Given the nature of our business activities and focus on structuring transactions to meet the capital needs of our clients, it is difficult to reliably quantify the positive impact on our investment opportunities. However, we would expect to achieve accretive economics from this assumption. An increased demand for climate solutions may increase competition and influence our pricing strategy. We would continue to review our pricing strategies with these opportunities. Customer preference shifting to match electricity demand with carbon-free energy generation from resources on the same regional grids 
 Increased demand for climate solutions investment in particular regions increase the volume of transactions in which we may invest, reduce our overall cost of capital and increase our profitability. Given the nature of our business activities and focus on structuring transactions to meet the capital needs of our clients, it is difficult to reliably quantify the positive impact on our investment opportunities. However, we would expect to achieve accretive economics from this assumption. Changing consumer preference can drive investments in renewable deployments in new areas to improve the localization of clean energy supplies and 
 can drive development of multi-technology portfolios of intelligent generation and storage, both of which may increase the total investment opportunities available to us. 
 
 - 52 - 

Scenario 2 - Global temperatures increase more than 2 degrees Celsius above pre-industrial levels 
 Assumption Qualitative impacts Quantitative impacts Considerations of and impact to our management strategy No meaningful government policy to shift the trajectory of global climate change Given current trends, even without an increase in government support, we might expect increased demand for climate solutions due to the improving economics and cost competitiveness of these technologies. Given the nature of our business activities and focus on structuring transactions to meet the capital needs of our clients, it is difficult to reliably quantify the impact on our investment opportunities. However, we would expect to achieve accretive economics from this assumption. The increased demand in climate solutions may increase competition and influence our pricing strategy. Such growth in demand may increase the volume of investment opportunities available to us. An increase in demand for climate change resiliency solutions Flooding and storm surges may become more frequent, resulting in an increase in demand for storm water management assets. Given the nature of our business activities and focus on structuring transactions to meet the capital needs of our clients, it is difficult to reliably quantify the positive impact on our investment opportunities. However, we would expect to achieve accretive economics from this assumption. The increased demand in climate solutions may increase competition and influence our pricing strategy. Greater instability in the power grid may increase the demand for on-site and distributed power generation systems and battery storage. If the above events occur, we may experience an increase in the volume of investment opportunities available to us. Greater variability and instability in the commodity markets Potential increases in the price of commodities (e.g., natural gas) due to climate change induced supply chain and transport disruptions, such as a major hurricane striking a series of gulf coast pipelines, may drive power prices higher, thus increasing financial returns from certain of our investments to the extent the power is sold at market prices rather than under fixed price contracts. We believe any mentioned impacts that are realized, are short-term in nature and we would not expect a material impact on our investments. We currently have risk management processes which include a recurring review of our investments through our portfolio management function to assess any increasing operational costs of our investments. For our Portfolio, we will actively manage the risk to make appropriate adjustments to budget approvals, operational approvals, and other asset management tasks. For any new investments, we make conservative assumptions to protect our investments from such types of pricing volatility and will continue to do so, including new assumptions around commodity volatility as relevant. However, climate change-related impacts to the amount of potable water supplies, such as irregular rainfall and salt water intrusion, may drive increases in the price of water. These increases in cost may increase the demand for assets that increase water use efficiency, resulting in an increase in the volume of investment opportunities available to us. 
 
 - 53 - 

Physical Risks and Opportunities - Given the assessments of the United Nation s Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change and other leading climate research organizations regarding the probability of a 1.5 Celsius increase in global temperature and serious climatic impacts even with the most aggressive emissions reduction initiatives, we believe our Portfolio will be impacted by physical risks regardless of the actions taken as discussed above. We assume the types of risks to which our Portfolio is exposed are similar under either Scenario 1 or 2 (albeit at varying degrees of severity). 
 Scenario 1 - Global action is taken to limit the global temperature increase to 1.5 degrees Celsius above pre-industrial levels and 
 Scenario 2 - Global temperatures increase more than 2 degrees Celsius above pre-industrial levels. 
 Assumption Qualitative impacts Quantitative impacts Considerations of and impact to our management strategy Increased (i) flooding events due to heavier rainfalls and increased storm surge due to rising sea levels, (ii) the probability and severity of wildfires and (iii) increased frequency and severity of storms and other weather-related events Our existing investments in low lying areas are exposed to potential flooding events and other storm damage and such events may cause construction delays, operational shutdowns, and more significant site damage. We would not expect a material risk to the cash flows from our investments as we typically require insurance coverage for these events where the project owner bears this cost. Refer to later discussion on the impacts of the increase in insurance costs. When underwriting our investments we negotiate structural protections to mitigate any loss we may incur from operations or inability of the projects to operate (this includes project insurance). For any new investment opportunities we would evaluate the exposure to rising sea levels and structure our investment terms such that we protect our invested capital. A portion of our investments are located in high wildfire risk regions and are exposed to catastrophic damage from wildfire events. We would not expect a material risk to the cash flows from our investments as we typically require insurance coverage for these events where the project owner bears this cost. Refer to later discussion on the impacts of the increase in insurance costs. 
 When underwriting our investments we negotiate structural protections to mitigate any loss we may incur from operations or inability of the projects to operate (this includes project insurance). For any new investment opportunities we would evaluate the exposure to wildfires and structure our investment terms such that we protect our invested capital. Solar energy assets that are not in the direct path of wildfires but are within the proximity thereof may have reduced power production due to ash soiling on the panels or reduced solar insolation due to ash clouds. The potential impact of additional soiling of panels or ash clouds was assessed and is not expected to have a material impact on the cashflows and value of our portfolio. To the extent this became a material issue we would seek out protections to mitigate any impact of this, such as adding panel washing requirements to contracts. If the events above were to occur, we may experience reduced cash flows and financial returns from these investments, which may cause us to reduce the amount of financial leverage we utilize and cause a decline in our overall profitability. 
 - 54 - 

Assumption Qualitative impacts Quantitative impacts Considerations of and impact to our management strategy Operational performance of the projects in which we invest are impacted by the global temperature increase A decrease in performance and power generation of the solar and wind energy assets related to our investments, as the performance of these assets vary based upon the ambient temperatures (in the case of solar) and air density (in the case of wind). Both conditions may be caused by increases in global temperatures. Solar portfolio production can be affected by an increase in global temperature depending on the geography. High temperatures have a significant efficiency impact on wind turbines as high temperature faults create more wear and tear on equipment. If production of these GC assets decreases by 5 the cash flows from those investments would be expected to decrease by approximately 8 . We would not expect a material impact on our renewable energy debt, solar real estate and energy efficiency investments. When underwriting our investment opportunities we make conservative assumptions regarding performance and operational expenses that protect our returns from some level of unexpected performance or operation issues in the future. We will continue to adjust our assumptions as additional risks and severity of climate risk are assessed. We actively manage our Portfolio to preemptively and proactively address any operational or maintenance issues. Increased wind variability and increased wear on wind turbine components, which may increase operating costs. An increase in operating expenses would result and if there was 5 higher operating expenses the cash flows from our wind equity investments would be expected to decrease by 5 . Increased operating costs and lower generation from the increase in temperatures may reduce our expected cash flows and financial returns from our investments, which may cause us to reduce the amount of financial leverage we utilize and cause a decline in our overall profitability. If there were both a decrease in production of 5 and higher operating expenses of 5 our cash flows from our wind equity and solar equity investments would be expected to decline by 15 and 6 , respectively. We would not expect a material impact on our renewable energy debt, solar real estate and energy efficiency investments. 
 - 55 - 

Assumption Qualitative impacts Quantitative impacts Considerations of and impact to our management strategy An increase in water scarcity potentially resulting in an increase in the price of water Water is used to clean the panels on solar energy assets to maintain their efficiency. An increase in water prices may reduce the cash flows and financial returns from our related investments, which may cause us to reduce the amount of financial leverage we utilize and cause a decline in our overall profitability. The impact of water scarcity and increased prices to our Portfolio is not expected to have a material impact on the cash flows of our investments. To the extent this becomes a material matter we would seek out protections to mitigate any impact of additional water related costs. Climate change related impacts to the amount of potable water supplies, such as irregular rainfall and salt water intrusion, may drive increases in the price of water. These increases in cost may increase the demand for assets that increase water use efficiency resulting in an increase in the volume of investment opportunities available to us. The increased demand in these projects may increase competition and influence our pricing strategy. An increase in the cost, or a change in the availability of insurance In anticipation of climate change related physical risks, projects related to our investments in particularly vulnerable regions, such as low-lying coastal areas, may face increases in insurance costs. An increase in insurance costs may reduce the cash flows and financial returns from these investments and may cause us to reduce the amount of financial leverage we utilize and cause a decline in our overall profitability. Insurance policies are executed on an annual basis and in some regions the price of insurance could increase such that the cashflow and value of our projects in high risk geographic regions are affected. This increase in insurance cost would drive an increase in total operating expenses. We have estimated that an increase in operating expenses of 5 would be expected to reduce our cash flows from solar equity projects by 1 . We would not expect a material impact on our wind equity, renewable energy debt, solar real estate and energy efficiency investments. We require that the projects in which we invest are insured against casualty events that could impact our cash distributions. We continually evaluate whether there are superior asset or portfolio level policies that are available that optimize our insurance coverage and premium costs. 
 Critical Accounting Policies and Use of Estimates 
 Our financial statements are prepared in accordance with GAAP, which requires the use of estimates and assumptions that involve the exercise of judgment and use of assumptions as to future uncertainties. The following discussion addresses the accounting policies that we use including areas that involve the use of significant estimates. Our most critical accounting policies involve decisions and assessments that could affect our reported assets and liabilities, as well as our reported revenues and expenses. We believe that all of the decisions and assessments upon which our financial statements are based are reasonable at the time made and based upon information available to us at that time. Our critical accounting policies and accounting estimates may be expanded over time. Those material accounting policies and estimates that we expect to be most critical to an investor s understanding of our financial results and condition and require complex management judgment are discussed below. See Note 2 to our audited financial statements in this Form 10-K for further details on our accounting policies. 
 - 56 - 

We evaluate our critical accounting estimates and judgments on an ongoing basis and update them, as necessary, based on changing conditions. 
 We have identified the following accounting policies as critical because they require significant judgments and assumptions about highly complex and inherently uncertain matters and the use of reasonably different estimates and assumptions could have a material impact on our reported results of operations or financial condition. 
 Consolidation 
 We account for our investment in entities that are considered voting or variable interest entities under ASC 810, Consolidation . We perform an ongoing assessment and make judgments to determine the primary beneficiary of each entity as required by ASC 810, which includes an assessment of the type and degree of control we have over the entity. If we would conclude that certain of these entities should be consolidated, we would include the entities assets, liabilities and related activity in our financial statements, along with non-controlling interests related to the ownership of the other equity holders. Refer to discussion below relating to additional consolidation considerations related to the securitization of receivables. We further discuss our process for evaluating these judgments in Note 2 to our audited financial statements in this Form 10-K. 
 Equity Method Investments 
 For our non-consolidated equity investments, we generally determine our income allocations under the equity method of accounting based on the change in our claim on net assets of the investee entity as reported by the investee using a method commonly referred to as the hypothetical liquidation at book value method or HLBV ). This method uses a hypothetical liquidation scenario that may require judgment in its application and could have a material impact on our reported financial results. Any changes in this method of application or in certain assumptions could either increase or decrease our net income and the carrying value of the assets accounted for under this method. We further discuss our process for applying this method of income allocations in Note 2 to our audited financial statements in this Form 10-K. 
 Impairment of our Portfolio 
 We evaluate the various assets in our Portfolio on at least a quarterly basis, and more frequently when economic or other conditions warrant such an evaluation, for delinquencies or other events that may indicate a potential impairment or specific consideration in the development of the allowance for credit losses. For our equity method investments and real estate, if an impairment charge is deemed appropriate it would be recorded in our income statement and reduce our net income. In addition, for our receivables, we make judgments about our expected losses related to the receivables in our Portfolio and record an allowance for credit losses on such receivables with a provision for loss on receivables in our income statement. We further discuss our process for evaluating these judgments in Note 2 to our audited financial statements in this Form 10-K. 
 Securitization of Financial Assets 
 We have established various special purpose entities or securitization trusts for the purpose of securitizing certain receivables or other debt investments. We make judgments, based in part, on supporting legal opinions, on whether these entities should be consolidated as a variable interest entity, as defined in ASC 810, Consolidation, and whether the transfers to these entities are accounted for as a sale of a financial asset or a secured borrowing under ASC 860, Transfers and Servicing . If we would conclude that certain of these special purpose entities or securitization trusts should be consolidated, we would include the assets and liabilities of the entity and their related activity in our financial statements. If sale accounting is not met in these transactions it would be treated as a secured borrowing rather than a sale in our financial statements, which would result in reduced revenue in the period in which an asset contributed to the trust and an increase in assets and non-recourse debt. We further discuss our process for evaluating these judgments in Note 2 to our audited financial statements in this Form 10-K. We also make assumptions regarding the fair value of our securitization assets in these transferred assets. If our determination of fair value is determined to be incorrect, our gain on sale of receivables and investments in our income statement and securitization assets on our balance sheet will be inaccurate. See Note 3 to our audited financial statements in this Form 10-K for a discussion around fair value measurements. 
 Results of Operations 
 For a comparison of our results of operations for the fiscal years ended December 31, 2021 and December 31, 2020, see Part II, Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations of our annual report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2021, filed with the SEC on February 22, 2022. 
 We completed approximately 1.8 billion of transactions during 2022, compared to approximately 1.7 billion during 2021. Our strategy includes holding a large portion of these transactions on our balance sheet. We refer to the transactions we hold on our balance sheet as of a given date as our Portfolio . Our Portfolio was approximately 4.3 billion as of December 31, 2022 and 3.6 billion December 31, 2021. 
 - 57 - 

Portfolio 
 Our Portfolio totaled approximately 4.3 billion as of December 31, 2022, and included approximately 2.4 billion of BTM assets and approximately 1.7 billion of GC assets. Approximately 43 of our Portfolio consisted of unconsolidated equity investments in renewable energy related projects. Approximately 48 consisted of fixed-rate government and commercial receivables and debt securities, which are classified as investments, on our balance sheet and approximately 9 of our Portfolio was real estate leased to renewable energy projects under long-term operating lease agreements. Our Portfolio consisted of over 340 transactions with an average size of 12 million and the weighted average remaining life of our Portfolio (excluding match-funded transactions) of approximately 17 years as of December 31, 2022. 
 The table below provides details on the interest rate and maturity of our receivables and debt securities as of December 31, 2022: 
 Balance Maturity (in millions) Fixed-rate receivables, interest rates less than 5.00 per annum 122 2023 to 2047 Fixed-rate receivables, interest rates from 5.00 to 6.50 per annum 348 2024 to 2057 Fixed-rate receivables, interest rates from 6.50 to 8.00 per annum 728 2024 to 2069 Fixed-rate receivables, interest rates from 8.00 to 9.50 per annum 313 2025 to 2032 Fixed-rate receivables, interest rates greater than 9.50 per annum 520 2024 to 2061 Receivables (1) 
 2,031 Less: Allowance for loss on receivables (41) Receivables, net of allowance 1,990 Fixed-rate investments, interest rates less than 5.00 per annum 4 2035 to 2047 Fixed-rate investments, interest rates from 5.00 to 6.50 per annum 6 2047 to 2051 Total receivables and investments 2,000 
 (1) Excludes receivables held-for-sale of 85 million. 
 The table below presents, for the debt investments and real estate related holdings of our Portfolio and our interest-bearing liabilities inclusive of our short-term commercial paper issuances and revolving credit facilities, the average outstanding balances, income earned, the interest expense incurred, and average yield or cost. Our earnings from our equity method investments are not included in this table. 
 Years Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 (dollars in millions) Portfolio, excluding equity method investments Interest income, receivables 132 106 92 Average balance of receivables 1,650 1,301 1,165 Average interest rate of receivables 8.0 8.1 7.9 Interest income, investments 1 1 2 Average balance of investments 13 26 58 Average interest rate of investments 4.4 4.0 4.2 Rental income 26 26 26 Average balance of real estate 357 358 361 Average yield on real estate 7.3 7.2 7.2 Average balance of receivables, investments, and real estate 2,021 1,685 1,584 Average yield from receivables, investments, and real estate 7.9 7.9 7.6 Debt Interest expense (1) 
 116 106 92 Average balance of debt 2,688 2,300 1,797 Average cost of debt 4.3 4.6 5.1 
 (1) Excludes loss on debt modification or extinguishment included in interest expense in our income statement. 
 - 58 - 

The following table provides a summary of our anticipated principal repayments for our receivables and investments as of December 31, 2022: 
 
 Payment due by Period Total Less than 1 year 1-5 years 5-10 years More than 10 years (in millions) Receivables (excluding allowance) 2,031 26 263 1,146 596 Investments 10 1 9 
 
 See Note 6 to our audited financial statements in this Form 10-K for information on: 
 the anticipated maturity dates of our receivables and investments and the weighted average yield for each range of maturities as of December 31, 2022, 
 the term of our leases and a schedule of our future minimum rental income under our land lease agreements as of December 31, 2022, 
 the Performance Ratings of our Portfolio, and 
 the receivables on non-accrual status. 
 For information on our securitization assets relating to our securitization trusts, see Note 5 to our audited financial statements in this Form 10-K. The securitization assets do not have a contractual maturity date and the underlying securitized assets have contractual maturity dates until 2058. 
 Comparison of the Year Ended December 31, 2022 to the Year Ended December 31, 2021 
 Years ended December 31, Change Change 2022 2021 (dollars in thousands) Revenue Interest income 134,656 106,889 27,767 26 Rental income 26,245 25,905 340 1 Gain on sale of receivables and investments 57,187 68,333 (11,146) (16) Fee income 21,649 12,039 9,610 80 Total revenue 239,737 213,166 26,571 12 Expenses Interest expense 115,559 121,705 (6,146) (5) Provision for loss on receivables 12,798 496 12,302 2,480 Compensation and benefits 63,445 52,975 10,470 20 General and administrative 29,934 19,907 10,027 50 Total expenses 221,736 195,083 26,653 14 Income before equity method investments 18,001 18,083 (82) Income (loss) from equity method investments 31,291 126,421 (95,130) (75) Income (loss) before income taxes 49,292 144,504 (95,212) (66) Income tax benefit (expense) (7,381) (17,158) 9,777 (57) Net income (loss) 41,911 127,346 (85,435) (67) 
 
 Net income decreased by approximately 85 million as a result of a 95 million decrease in income from equity method investments and a 27 million increase in total expenses, partially offset by a 27 million increase in total revenue and a 10 million decrease in income tax expense. These results do not include the Non-GAAP earnings adjustment related to equity method investments, which is discussed in the Non-GAAP Financial Measures section. 
 Interest and rental income increased by 28 million due to a larger portfolio. Gain on sale of receivables and investments and fee income decreased by 2 million primarily from a change in mix of assets being securitized, partially offset by increased fee income. 
 - 59 - 

Interest expense for the year decreased by approximately 6 million due to a one time 15 million loss on the redemption of the 2024 senior unsecured notes in the prior year which did not recur, offset partially by additional expense from a larger average outstanding debt balance. Provision for loss on receivables increased by 12 million compared to the prior period as the result of new loans and loan commitments made in the current year. 
 Compensation and benefits increased by 10 million as a result of an increase in our employee headcount and compensation and the acceleration of share based compensation associated with the adoption of a new retirement policy. General and administrative increased by 10 million due to additional investment in corporate infrastructure and corporate governance expenses. 
 Income from equity method investments decreased by 95 million, due to allocations of income in the prior period related to tax credits allocated to our investors which did not recur, as well as our current period allocation of unrealized mark to market losses on economic hedges used by some of our projects. Renewable energy projects often enter into contracts to minimize the impact of increasing power prices. These contracts serve as economic hedges where rising power prices cause the value of these contracts to decrease, which in our case is recognized through the project s income statement under mark-to-market accounting. As these economic hedges are settled over the life of the contracts, the projects will sell power at the higher market price, offsetting the loss recognized on the hedge. 
 Income tax expense decreased by 10 million primarily due to lower pre-tax income. 
 Non-GAAP Financial Measures 
 We consider the following non-GAAP financial measures useful to investors as key supplemental measures of our performance: (1) distributable earnings, (2) distributable net investment income, and (3) managed assets. These non-GAAP financial measures should be considered along with, but not as alternatives to, net income or loss as measures of our operating performance. These non-GAAP financial measures, as calculated by us, may not be comparable to similarly named financial measures as reported by other companies that do not define such terms exactly as we define such terms. 
 Distributable Earnings 
 We calculate distributable earnings as GAAP net income (loss) excluding non-cash equity compensation expense, provisions for loss on receivables, amortization of intangibles, non-cash provision (benefit) for taxes, losses or (gains) from modification or extinguishment of debt facilities, any one-time acquisition related costs or non-cash tax charges and the earnings attributable to our non-controlling interest of our Operating Partnership. We also make an adjustment to our equity method investments in the renewable energy projects as described below. We will use judgment in determining when we will reflect the losses on receivables in our distributable earnings, and will consider certain circumstances such as the time period in default, sufficiency of collateral as well as the outcomes of any related litigation. In the future, distributable earnings may also exclude one-time events pursuant to changes in GAAP and certain other adjustments as approved by a majority of our independent directors. 
 We believe a non-GAAP measure, such as distributable earnings, that adjusts for the items discussed above is and has been a meaningful indicator of our economic performance in any one period and is useful to our investors as well as management in evaluating our performance as it relates to expected dividend payments over time. As a REIT, we are required to distribute substantially all of our taxable income to investors in the form of dividends, which is a principal focus of our investors. Additionally, we believe that our investors also use distributable earnings, or a comparable supplemental performance measure, to evaluate and compare our performance to that of our peers, and as such, we believe that the disclosure of distributable earnings is useful to our investors. 
 Certain of our equity method investments in renewable energy and energy efficiency projects are structured using typical partnership flip structures where the investors with cash distribution preferences receive a pre-negotiated return consisting of priority distributions from the project cash flows, in many cases, along with tax attributes. Once this preferred return is achieved, the partnership flips and the common equity investor, often the operator or sponsor of the project, receives more of the cash flows through its equity interests while the previously preferred investors retain an ongoing residual interest. We have made investments in both the preferred and common equity of these structures. Regardless of the nature of our equity interest, we typically negotiate the purchase prices of our equity investments, which have a finite expected life, based on our underwritten project cash flows discounted back to the net present value, based on a target investment rate, with the cash flows to be received in the future reflecting both a return on the capital (at the investment rate) and a return of the capital we have committed to the project. We use a similar approach in the underwriting of our receivables. 
 Under GAAP, we account for these equity method investments utilizing the HLBV method. Under this method, we recognize income or loss based on the change in the amount each partner would receive, typically based on the negotiated profit and loss allocation, if the assets were liquidated at book value, after adjusting for any distributions or contributions made during such quarter. The HLBV allocations of income or loss may be impacted by the receipt of tax attributes, as tax equity investors 
 - 60 - 

are allocated losses in proportion to the tax benefits received, while the sponsors of the project are allocated gains of a similar amount. The investment tax credit available for election in solar projects is a one-time credit realized in the quarter when the project is considered operational for tax purposes and is fully allocated under HLBV in that quarter (subject to an impairment test), while the production tax credit required for wind projects and electable for solar projects is a ten-year credit and thus is allocated under HLBV over a ten year period. In addition, the agreed upon allocations of the project s cash flows may differ materially from the profit and loss allocation used for the HLBV calculations in a given period. We also consider the impact of any OTTI in determining our income from equity method investments. 
 The cash distributions for those equity method investments where we apply HLBV are segregated into a return on and return of capital on our cash flow statement based on the cumulative income (loss) that has been allocated using the HLBV method. However, as a result of the application of the HLBV method, including the impact of tax allocations, the high levels of depreciation and other non-cash expenses that are common to renewable energy projects and the differences between the agreed upon profit and loss and the cash flow allocations, the distributions and thus the economic returns (i.e. return on capital) achieved from the investment are often significantly different from the income or loss that is allocated to us under the HLBV method in any one period. Thus, in calculating distributable earnings, for certain of these investments where there are characteristics as described above, we further adjust GAAP net income (loss) to take into account our calculation of the return on capital (based upon the underwritten investment rate) from our renewable energy equity method investments, as adjusted to reflect the performance of the project and the cash distributed. We believe this equity method investment adjustment to our GAAP net income (loss) in calculating our distributable earnings measure is an important supplement to the HLBV income allocations determined under GAAP for an investor to understand the economic performance of these investments where HLBV income can differ substantially from the economic returns in any one period. 
 We have acquired equity investments in portfolios of renewable energy projects which have the majority of the distributions payable to more senior investors in the first few years of the project. The following table provides results related to our equity method investments for the last three years: 
 Years ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 (dollars in millions) Income (loss) under GAAP 31 126 48 Distributable earnings 132 104 55 Return of capital/(deferred cash collections) 26 (51) 102 Cash collected (1) 
 158 53 157 
 (1) Cash collected during 2022 includes 64 million of debt issuance proceeds from three of our equity method investees, the repayment of which we have guaranteed. 
 Distributable earnings does not represent cash generated from operating activities in accordance with GAAP and should not be considered as an alternative to net income (determined in accordance with GAAP), or an indication of our cash flow from operating activities (determined in accordance with GAAP), or a measure of our liquidity, or an indication of funds available to fund our cash needs, including our ability to make cash distributions. In addition, our methodology for calculating distributable earnings may differ from the methodologies employed by other companies to calculate the same or similar supplemental performance measures, and accordingly, our reported distributable earnings may not be comparable to similar metrics reported by other companies. 
 We have calculated our distributable earnings for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020. The table below provides a reconciliation of our GAAP net income to distributable earnings: 
 
 - 61 - 

Years Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 Per Share Per Share Per Share (dollars in thousands, except per share amounts) Net income attributable to controlling stockholders (1) 
 41,502 0.47 126,579 1.51 82,416 1.10 Distributable earnings adjustments Reverse GAAP income from equity method investments (31,291) (126,421) (47,963) Add equity method investments earnings adjustment 131,762 103,707 55,305 Non-cash equity-based compensation charges 
 20,101 17,047 16,791 Non-cash provision for loss on receivables (2) 
 12,798 496 10,096 Loss (gain) on debt modification or extinguishment 16,083 Amortization of intangibles 3,129 3,307 3,291 Non-cash provision (benefit) for taxes 
 7,381 17,158 (2,779) Current year earnings attributable to non-controlling interest 
 409 767 343 Distributable earnings (3) 
 185,791 2.08 158,723 1.88 117,500 1.55 
 (1) The per share data reflects the GAAP diluted earnings per share and is the most comparable GAAP measure to our distributable earnings per share. 
 (2) In addition to these provisions, in the second quarter of 2022 we wrote-off two commercial receivables with a combined total carrying value of approximately 8 million which represented assignments of land lease payments from two wind projects that we had originated in 2014 as a part of an acquisition of a large land portfolio. In 2017, the operator of the projects terminated the lease, at which time we filed a legal claim and placed these assets on non-accrual status. In 2019, we received a court decision indicating that the owners of the projects were within their rights under the contract terms to terminate the lease which impacts the land lease assignments to us, at which time we reserved the receivables for their full carrying amount. In the second quarter of 2022, we received a court decision indicating that our appeal was not successful, and accordingly wrote off the full amount of the receivable. We have excluded the write off from Distributable earnings due to the infrequent occurrence of credit losses as well as the unique nature of the receivables, as the assignment of land lease payments from wind projects represent a small portion of our total portfolio. 
 (3) Distributable earnings per share are based on 89,355,907 shares, 84,268,341 shares and 75,588,286 shares for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively, which represents the weighted average number of fully-diluted shares outstanding including our restricted stock awards, restricted stock units, long-term incentive plan units and the non-controlling interest in our Operating Partnership. We include any potential common stock issuances related to share based compensation units in the amount we believe is reasonably certain to vest. As it relates to Convertible Notes, we will assess the market characteristics around the instrument to determine if it is more akin to debt or equity based on an expectation of the likelihood of conversion based on current conditions. If the instrument is more debt-like then we will include any related interest expense and exclude the underlying shares issuable upon conversion of the instrument. If the instrument is more equity-like and is more dilutive when treated as equity then we will exclude any related interest expense and include the weighted average shares underlying the instrument. 
 - 62 - 

Distributable Net Investment Income 
 We have a portfolio of investments in climate solutions that we finance using a combination of debt and equity. We calculate distributable net investment income as shown in the table below by adjusting GAAP-based net investment income for those distributable earnings adjustments that are applicable to distributable net investment income. We believe that this measure is useful to investors as it shows the recurring income generated by our Portfolio after the associated interest cost of debt financing. Our management also uses distributable net investment income in this way. Our non-GAAP distributable net investment income measure may not be comparable to similarly titled measures used by other companies. For further information, see the discussion above related to Distributable Earnings. 
 The following is a reconciliation of our GAAP-based net investment income to our distributable net investment income for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020: 
 Years Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 (in thousands) Interest income 134,656 106,889 95,559 Rental income 26,245 25,905 25,878 GAAP-based investment revenue 160,901 132,794 121,437 Interest expense 115,559 121,705 92,182 GAAP-based net investment income 45,342 11,089 29,255 Equity method earnings adjustment 131,762 103,707 55,305 Loss (gain) on debt modification or extinguishment 16,083 Amortization of real estate intangibles 3,061 3,089 3,089 Distributable net investment income 180,165 133,968 87,649 
 Managed Assets 
 As we both consolidate assets on our balance sheet and securitize assets off-balance sheet, certain of our receivables and other assets are not reflected on our balance sheet where we may have a residual interest in the performance of the investment, such as servicing rights or a retained interest in cash flows. Thus, we present our investments on a non-GAAP Managed Assets basis, which assumes that securitized receivables are not sold. We believe that our Managed Asset information is useful to investors because it portrays the amount of both on- and off-balance sheet receivables that we manage, which enables investors to understand and evaluate the credit performance associated with our portfolio of receivables, investments and residual assets in off-balance sheet securitized receivables. Our management also uses Managed Assets in this way. Our non-GAAP Managed Assets measure may not be comparable to similarly titled measures used by other companies. 
 - 63 - 

The following is a reconciliation of our GAAP-based Portfolio to our Managed Assets as of December 31, 2022 and 2021: 
 As of December 31, 2022 2021 (dollars in millions) Equity method investments 1,870 1,760 Commercial receivables, net of allowance 1,887 1,299 Government receivables 103 125 Receivables held-for-sale 85 22 Real estate 353 356 Investments 10 18 GAAP-based Portfolio 4,308 3,580 Assets held in securitization trusts 5,486 5,199 Managed assets 9,794 8,779 
 Other Measures and Metrics 
 Portfolio Yield 
 We calculate portfolio yield as the weighted average underwritten yield of the investments in our Portfolio as of the end of the period. Underwritten yield is the rate at which we discount the expected cash flows from the assets in our Portfolio to determine our purchase price. In calculating underwritten yield, we make certain assumptions, including the timing and amounts of cash flows generated by our investments, which may differ from actual results, and may update this yield to reflect our most current estimates of project performance. We believe that portfolio yield provides an additional metric to understand certain characteristics of our Portfolio as of a point in time. Our management uses portfolio yield this way and we believe that our investors use it in a similar fashion to evaluate certain characteristics of our Portfolio compared to our peers, and as such, we believe that the disclosure of portfolio yield is useful to our investors. 
 Our Portfolio totaled approximately 4.3 billion as of December 31, 2022. Unlevered portfolio yield was 7.5 as of December 31, 2022 and 7.5 as of December 31, 2021. See Note 6 to our financial statements and MD A - Our Business in this Form 10-K for additional discussion of the characteristics of our Portfolio as of December 31, 2022. 
 Environmental Metrics 
 As discussed in Item 1. Business, as part of our investment process, we calculate the estimated metric tons of CO2 equivalent emissions, or carbon emissions avoided by our investments by applying emissions factor data from the U.S. Government or the International Energy Administration to an estimate of a project s energy production or savings to compute an estimate of metric tons of carbon emissions avoided. We then determine the metric tons of carbon emissions avoided per thousand dollars of investments, in a calculation we refer to as CarbonCount, which enables us to measure the impact our investments have on reducing carbon emissions. We estimate that our investments originated in 2022 will reduce annual carbon emissions by approximately 600 thousand metric tons, equating to a CarbonCount of 0.35. 
 In assessing our performance and results of operations, we also consider the impact of our operations on the environment. We utilize the carbon emissions categorizations established by the World Resources Institute Greenhouse Gas Protocol Corporate Standards Standards to set goals and calculate our estimated emissions. The categorizations are as follows: 
 Scope 1 GHG emissions - Direct emissions - Emissions from operations that are owned or controlled by the reporting company. Due to the nature of our operations, we do not have Scope 1 GHG emissions. 
 Scope 2 GHG emissions - Indirect emissions - Emissions from the generation of purchased or acquired energy such as electricity, steam, heating or cooling, consumed by the reporting company. As we purchase power for our offices from renewable, zero-carbon energy sources, we do not have market-based Scope 2 emissions. 
 Scope 3 GHG emissions - Indirect emissions - All other indirect emissions that occur in the value chain of the reporting company, including both upstream and downstream emissions. This includes the estimated emissions associated with employee commuting and business travel. 
 The table below illustrates our goals and performance for 2022 in metric tons MT ). 
 - 64 - 

Category Goal Performance Scope 1 GHG emissions 0 MT 0 MT Scope 2 GHG emissions 0 MT 0 MT 1 
 Scope 3 GHG emissions 0 MT 2 
 
 - 65 - 

- 66 - 

Percentage of various levels of the workforce who identify as racial- or ethnic-minorities as of December 31, 2022 
 
 - 67 - 

Demographic data of promoted employees during the year ended December 31, 2022 
 
 Of both our workforce and our managerial roles, 3 represent as LGBTQ. In addition to diversity of gender and ethnic background, we also value diversity of thought, with 64 of our leadership team and 78 of our Board possessing degrees outside the fields of business or economics, including in science and engineering, liberal and fine arts, and law. 
 Liquidity and Capital Resources 
 Liquidity is a measure of our ability to meet potential short term (within one year) and long term cash requirements. We carefully manage and forecast our liquidity sources and uses on a frequent basis. Our sources of liquidity typically include collections from our Portfolio, proceeds from sales and securitizations (including gains-on-sale), fee revenue, proceeds from debt transactions, and proceeds from equity transactions. Our uses of liquidity typically include operating expenses (including cash compensation), interest and principal payments on our debt, shareholder dividends, and funding investments. We maintain sufficiently available liquidity in the form of unrestricted cash and immediately available capacity on our credit facilities to manage our net cash flow. 
 We typically pay our operating expenses, including interest on our debt, and dividends from collections on our Portfolio and proceeds from sales of Portfolio investments. We use borrowings as part of our financing strategy to increase potential returns to our stockholders and have available to us a broad range of financing sources. We finance our investments primarily with non-recourse or recourse debt, equity and off-balance sheet securitization structures. 
 We have adequate liquidity as of December 31, 2022, with unrestricted cash balances of 156 million, an unsecured revolving credit facility with an unused capacity of 600 million, 16 million of available capacity in our secured revolving credit facilities, and 100 million of availability under our CarbonCount Green Commercial Paper Notes Program. During 2022 we issued 189 million in equity. In March 2022, 8 million of our 2022 Senior Convertible Notes were converted into 282,678 shares of common stock, with the remaining notes redeemed for 0.5 million of cash. In April 2022, we issued 200 million principal amount of Senior Exchangeable Notes which mature in 2025, have a 0.00 coupon and accrete to a premium at maturity at an effective rate of 3.25 annually. In November 2022, we entered into a 383 million term loan facility. As of December 31, 2022, we had 442 million of non-recourse borrowings, 1.8 billion of senior unsecured notes, and 344 million of convertible notes outstanding. 
 We also continue to utilize off-balance sheet securitization transactions, where we transfer the loans or other assets we originate to securitization trusts or other bankruptcy remote special purpose funding vehicles that are not consolidated on our balance sheet. We have continued to complete off-balance sheet securitization transactions with large institutional investors such as life insurance companies. As of December 31, 2022, the outstanding principal balance of our assets financed through the use of these off-balance sheet transactions was approximately 5.5 billion. 
 - 68 - 

In addition to general operational obligations, which are typically paid as incurred, and dividends, which are declared by our Board quarterly, we will have future cash needs related to the payments due at maturity on our Senior Unsecured Notes and loans under our Term Loan Facility and the balances of our short-term commercial paper issuances and revolving credit facilities. We also have maturities related to our non-recourse debt and Convertible Notes. However, as it relates to the non-recourse debt, to the extent there are not sufficient cash flows received from those investments pledged as collateral, the investor has no recourse against other corporate assets to recover any shortfalls and corporate cash contributions would not be required. As it relates to the Convertible Notes, those obligations may be settled at maturity with the issuance of shares or with cash. For further information on our long-term debt, see Note 8 to our financial statements of this Form 10-K. 
 The maturity profile of these obligations (excluding non-recourse debt) are shown below: 
 
 We plan to raise additional equity capital and continue to use fixed and floating rate borrowings, which may be in the form of short-term commercial paper issuances, revolving credit facilities, recourse or non-recourse debt, convertible securities, repurchase agreements, and public and private debt issuances as a means of financing our business. We also expect to use both on-balance sheet and off-balance sheet securitizations. We may also consider the use of separately funded special purpose entities or funds to allow us to expand the investments that we make or to manage Portfolio diversification. 
 The decision on how we finance specific assets or groups of assets is largely driven by risk and portfolio and financial management considerations, including the potential for gain on sale or fee income, as well as the overall interest rate environment, prevailing credit spreads and the terms of available financing and market conditions. During periods of market disruptions, certain sources of financing may be more readily accessible than others which may impact our financing decisions. Over time, as market conditions change, we may use other forms of debt and equity in addition to these financing arrangements. 
 The amount of financial leverage we may deploy for particular assets will depend upon the availability of particular types of financing and our assessment of the credit, liquidity, price volatility and other risks of those assets, and the interest rate environment. As shown in the table below, our debt to equity ratio was approximately 1.8 to 1 as of December 31, 2022, which is below our current board-approved leverage limit of up to 2.5 to 1. Our percentage of fixed rate debt was approximately 86 as of December 31, 2022, which is within our board-approved targeted fixed rate debt percentage range of 75 to 100 . 
 The calculation of our fixed-rate debt and financial leverage as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 is shown in the chart below: 
 
 - 69 - 

December 31, 2022 of Total December 31, 2021 of Total (dollars in millions) (dollars in millions) Floating-rate borrowings (1) 
 431 14 151 6 Fixed-rate debt 2,545 86 2,342 94 Total debt (2) 
 2,976 100 2,493 100 Equity 1,665 1,567 Leverage 1.8 to 1 1.6 to 1 
 (1) Floating-rate borrowings include borrowings under our floating-rate credit facilities, commercial paper notes with less than six months original maturity, and loans under our term loan facility. 
 (2) Debt excludes securitizations that are not consolidated on our balance sheet. 
 We intend to use financial leverage for the primary purpose of financing our Portfolio and business activities and not for the purpose of speculating on changes in interest rates. While we may temporarily exceed the leverage limit, if our Board approves a material change to this limit, we anticipate advising our stockholders of this change through disclosure in our periodic reports and other filings under the Exchange Act. 
 While we generally intend to hold our target assets that we do not securitize upon acquisition as long term investments, certain of our investments may be sold in order to manage our interest rate risk and liquidity needs, to meet other operating objectives and to adapt to market conditions. The timing and impact of future sales of receivables and investments, if any, cannot be predicted with any certainty. 
 We believe our identified sources of liquidity will be adequate for purposes of meeting our short-term and long-term liquidity needs, which include funding future investments, debt service, operating costs and distributions to our stockholders. To qualify as a REIT, we must distribute annually at least 90 of our REIT s taxable income without regard to the deduction for dividends paid and excluding net capital gains. These dividend requirements limit our ability to retain earnings and thereby increase the need to replenish capital for growth and our operations. 
 Sources and Uses of Cash 
 We had approximately 176 million and 251 million in unrestricted cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 Cash Flows Relating to Operating Activities 
 Net cash provided by operating activities was less than 1 million for the year ended December 31, 2022, driven primarily by net income of 42 million, offset by adjustments for non-cash and other items of 42 million. The non-cash and other adjustments consisted of decreases of 63 million related to changes in receivables held-for sale, 29 million related to non-cash gain on securitization, and 33 million in change in accrued interest on receivables and investments and other. These were partially offset by increases of 16 million related to equity method investments, 13 million related to provision for loss on receivables, 20 million for equity based compensation, 12 million in amortization of financing costs, 4 million of depreciation and amortization, and 18 million related to changes in accounts payable and accrued expenses. 
 Net cash provided by operating activities was approximately 13 million for the year ended December 31, 2021, driven primarily by net income of 127 million, less adjustments for non-cash and other items of 114 million. The non-cash and other adjustments consisted of decreases of 94 million related to equity method investments, 48 million related to non-cash gain on securitization, 22 million related to changes in receivables held for sale, and 7 million in accrued interest and other. These were partially offset by increases of 17 million for equity based compensation, 14 million of non-cash loss on debt extinguishment, 11 million of changes in accounts payable and accrued expenses, 11 million in amortization of financing costs, and 4 million of depreciation and amortization. 
 Cash Flows Relating to Investing Activities 
 Net cash used in investing activities was approximately 592 million for the year ended December 31, 2022. We made equity method investments of 128 million, investments in receivables and fixed rate debt securities of 729 million, purchases of real estate of 5 million, funded escrow accounts of 5 million, and had other investing outflows of approximately 2 million. These were offset by collected payments of 126 million from receivables and fixed rate debt securities and the receipt of 12 million from the sale of financial assets. We also collected 112 million from equity method investments in excess of income recognized to date under GAAP, withdrew 23 million from escrow accounts, and received 5 million related to the sale of real estate. 
 Net cash used in investing activities was approximately 703 million for the year ended December 31, 2021. We made equity method investments of 402 million, investments in receivables and fixed rate debt securities of 558 million, and 
 - 70 - 

funded escrow accounts of 12 million. These were offset by collected payments of 149 million from receivables and fixed rate debt securities and the receipt of 91 million from the sale of financial assets. We also collected 21 million from equity method investments in excess of income recognized to date under GAAP, withdrew 2 million from escrow accounts, and had other cash inflows of 6 million. 
 Cash Flows Relating to Financing Activities 
 Net cash provided by financing activities was approximately 516 million for the year ended December 31, 2022. We received proceeds from the issuance of a term loan of 383 million, proceeds from the issuances of convertible debt of 200 million, net proceeds from common stock issuances of 188 million, and proceeds from credit facilities of 100 million, and issuance of non-recourse debt of 33 million. These were partially offset by principal payments on credit facilities and commercial paper notes of 200 million, principal payments on non-recourse debt of 31 million, payments of 3 million for withholding requirements as a result of the vesting of employee shares, payment of debt issuance costs of 12 million and payments of dividends, distributions, and other financing activities of 142 million. 
 Net cash provided by financing activities was approximately 631 million for the year ended December 31, 2021. We received proceeds from the issuance of senior unsecured debt of 1 billion, net proceeds from common stock issuances of 201 million, and proceeds from credit facilities and commercial paper notes of 150 million. These were partially offset by the redemption of senior unsecured notes of 514 million, principal payments on credit facilities of 22 million, principal payments on non-recourse debt of 38 million, payments of 14 million for withholding requirements as a result of the vesting of employee shares, payment of debt issuance costs of 18 million and payments of dividends, distributions, and other financing activities of 114 million. 
 Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements 
 We have relationships with non-consolidated entities or financial partnerships, such as entities often referred to as structured investment vehicles, or special purpose or variable interest entities, established to facilitate the sale of securitized assets. Other than our securitization assets (including any outstanding servicer advances) of approximately 188 million as of December 31, 2022 , that may be at risk in the event of defaults or prepayments in our securitization trusts and as discussed below, and except as disclosed in Note 9 to our audited financial statements in this Form 10-K, we have not guaranteed any obligations of non-consolidated entities or entered into any commitment or intent to provide additional funding to any such entities. A more detailed description of our relations with non-consolidated entities can be found in Note 2 of our audited financial statements in this Form 10-K. 
 In connection with some of our transactions, we have provided certain limited guarantees to other transaction participants covering the accuracy of certain limited representations, warranties or covenants and provided an indemnity against certain losses from bad acts including fraud, failure to disclose a material fact, theft, misappropriation, voluntary bankruptcy or unauthorized transfers. In some transactions, we have also guaranteed our compliance with certain tax matters, such as negatively impacting the investment tax credit and certain other obligations in the event of a change in ownership or our exercising certain protective rights. 
 Dividends 
 U.S. federal income tax law generally requires that a REIT distribute annually at least 90 of its REIT taxable income, without regard to the deduction for dividends paid and excluding net capital gains, and that it pays tax at regular corporate rates to the extent that it annually distributes less than 100 of its REIT taxable income. Our current policy is to pay quarterly distributions, which on an annual basis will equal or exceed substantially all of our REIT taxable income. The taxable income of the REIT can vary from our GAAP earnings due to a number of different factors including the book to tax timing differences of income and expense recognition from our transactions as well as the amount of taxable income of our TRS distributed to the REIT. See Note 10 to our financial statements in this Form 10-K regarding the amount of our distributions that are treated as ordinary taxable income to our stockholders. 
 Any distributions we make will be at the discretion of our board of directors and will depend upon, among other things, our actual results of operations. These results and our ability to pay distributions will be affected by various factors, including the net interest and other income from our assets, our operating expenses and any other expenditures. In the event that our Board determines to make distributions in excess of the income or cash flow generated from our assets, we may make such distributions from the proceeds of future offerings of equity or debt securities or other forms of debt financing or the sale of assets. To the extent, that in respect of any calendar year, cash available for distribution is less than our taxable income, or our declared distribution we could be required to sell assets, borrow funds or raise additional capital to make cash distributions or make a portion of the required distribution in the form of a taxable stock distribution or distribution of debt securities. We will generally not be required to make distributions with respect to activities conducted through our domestic TRS. 
 
 - 71 - 

To the extent that we generate taxable income, distributions to our stockholders generally will be taxable as ordinary income, although all or a portion of such distributions may be designated by us as a qualified dividend or capital gain. Beginning in 2018 (and through taxable years ending in 2025), a deduction is permitted for certain pass-through business income, including qualified REIT dividends (generally, dividends received by a REIT shareholder that are not designated as capital gain dividends or qualified dividend income), which will allow U.S. individuals, trusts and estates to deduct up to 20 of such amounts, subject to certain limitations, resulting in an effective maximum U.S. federal income tax rate of 29.6 on such qualified REIT dividends. In the event we make distributions to our stockholders in excess of our taxable income, the excess will constitute a return of capital. In addition, a portion of such distributions may be taxable stock dividends payable in our shares. We will furnish annually to each of our stockholders a statement setting forth distributions paid during the preceding year and their characterization as ordinary income, return of capital, qualified dividend income or capital gain. 
 The dividends declared in 2022 and 2021 are described in Note 11 to our audited financial statements in this Form 10-K. 
 Book Value Considerations 
 As of December 31, 2022, we carried only our investments and residual assets in securitized financial assets at fair value on our balance sheet. As a result, in reviewing our book value, there are a number of important factors and limitations to consider. Other than our investments and the residual assets in securitized financial assets that are carried on our balance sheet at fair value as of December 31, 2022, the carrying value of our remaining assets and liabilities are calculated as of a particular point in time, which is largely determined at the time such assets and liabilities were added to our balance sheet using a cost basis in accordance with GAAP, adjusted for income or loss recognized on such assets. Other than the allowance for current expected credit losses applied to our commercial and government receivables, our remaining assets and liabilities do not incorporate other factors that may have a significant impact on their value, most notably any impact of business activities, changes in estimates, or changes in general economic conditions, interest rates or commodity prices since the dates the assets or liabilities were initially recorded. Accordingly, our book value does not necessarily represent an estimate of our net realizable value, liquidation value or our fair market value. 

Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk 
 We anticipate that our primary market risks will be related to the credit quality of our counterparties and project companies, market interest rates, the liquidity of our assets, commodity prices and environmental factors. We will seek to manage these risks while, at the same time, seeking to provide an opportunity to stockholders to realize attractive returns through ownership of our common stock. Many of these risks have been magnified due to the continuing economic disruptions caused by the COVID-19 pandemic; however, while we continue to monitor the pandemic its impact on such risks remains uncertain and difficult to predict . 
 Credit Risks 
 We source and identify quality opportunities within our broad areas of expertise and apply our rigorous underwriting processes to our transactions, which, we believe, will generally enable us to minimize our credit losses and maintain access to attractive financing. In the case of various renewable energy and other sustainable infrastructure projects, we will be exposed to the credit risk of the obligor of the project s PPA or other long-term contractual revenue commitments, as well as to the credit risk of certain suppliers and project operators. While we do not anticipate facing significant credit risk in our assets related to government energy efficiency projects, we are subject to varying degrees of credit risk in these projects in relation to guarantees provided by ESCOs where payments under energy savings performance contracts are contingent upon achieving pre-determined levels of energy savings. We are exposed to credit risk in our other projects that do not benefit from governments as the obligor such as on balance sheet financing of projects undertaken by universities, schools and hospitals, as well as privately owned commercial projects. We have invested in mezzanine loans and, as a result, we are exposed to additional credit risk. We seek to manage credit risk through thorough due diligence and underwriting processes, strong structural protections in our transaction agreements with customers and continual, active asset management and portfolio monitoring. Nevertheless, unanticipated credit losses could occur and during periods of economic downturn in the global economy, our exposure to credit risks from obligors increases, and our efforts to monitor and mitigate the associated risks may not be effective in reducing our credit risks. 
 We utilize a risk rating system to evaluate projects that we target. We first evaluate the credit rating of the obligors involved in the project using an average of the external credit ratings for an obligor, if available, or an estimated internal rating based on a third-party credit scoring system. We then estimate the probability of default and estimated recovery rate based on the obligors credit ratings and the terms of the contract. We also review the performance of each investment, including through, as appropriate, a review of project performance, monthly payment activity and active compliance monitoring, regular communications with project management and, as applicable, its obligors, sponsors and owners, monitoring the financial performance of the collateral, periodic property visits and monitoring cash management and reserve accounts. The results of our 
 - 72 - 

reviews are used to update the project s risk rating as necessary. Additional detail of the credit risks surrounding our Portfolio can be found in Note 6 to our financial statements in this Form 10-K. 
 Interest Rate and Borrowing Risks 
 Interest rate risk is highly sensitive to many factors, including governmental monetary and tax policies, domestic and international economic and political considerations and other factors beyond our control. 
 We are subject to interest rate risk in connection with new asset originations and our floating-rate borrowings, and in the future, any new floating rate assets, credit facilities or other borrowings. Because short-term borrowings are generally short-term commitments of capital, lenders may respond to market conditions, making it more difficult for us to secure continued financing. If we are not able to renew our then existing borrowings or arrange for new financing on terms acceptable to us, or if we default on our covenants or are otherwise unable to access funds under any of these borrowings, we may have to curtail our origination of new assets and/or dispose of assets. We face particular risk in this regard given that we expect many of our borrowings will have a shorter duration than the assets they finance. Increasing interest rates may reduce the demand for our investments while declining interest rates may increase the demand. Both our current and future revolving credit facilities and other borrowings may be of limited duration and are periodically refinanced at then current market rates. We attempt to reduce interest rate risks and to minimize exposure to interest rate fluctuations through the use of fixed rate financing structures, when appropriate, whereby we seek to (1) match the maturities of our debt obligations with the maturities of our assets, (2) borrow at fixed rates for a period of time or (3) match the interest rates on our assets with like-kind debt (i.e., we may finance floating rate assets with floating rate debt and fixed-rate assets with fixed-rate debt), directly or through the use of interest rate swap agreements, interest rate cap agreements or other financial instruments, or through a combination of these strategies. We expect these instruments will allow us to minimize, but not eliminate, the risk that we must refinance our liabilities before the maturities of our assets and to reduce the impact of changing interest rates on our earnings. In addition to the use of traditional derivative instruments, we also seek to mitigate interest rate risk by using securitizations, syndications and other techniques to construct a portfolio with a staggered maturity profile. We monitor the impact of interest rate changes on the market for new originations and often have the flexibility to negotiate the term of our investments to offset interest rate increases. 
 Typically, our long-term debt, or that of the projects in which we invest if applicable, is at fixed rates or may at times be fixed using interest rate hedges that convert most of the floating rate debt to fixed rate debt. If interest rates rise, and our fixed rate debt balance remains constant, we expect the fair value of our fixed rate debt to decrease and the value of any hedges on floating rate debt to increase. See Note 3 to our audited financial statements in this Form 10-K for the estimated fair value of our fixed rate long-term debt, which is based on having the same debt service requirements that could have been borrowed at the date presented, at prevailing current market interest rates. 
 Our senior term loan is a variable rate loan with an outstanding balance of 383 million, and our revolving credit facilities are variable rate lines of credit with approximately 50 million outstanding as of December 31, 2022. Increases in interest rates would result in higher interest expense while decreases in interest rates would result in lower interest expense. As described above, we may use various financing techniques including interest rate swap agreements, interest rate cap agreements or other financial instruments, or a combination of these strategies to mitigate the variable interest nature of these facilities. A 50 basis point increase in benchmark interest rates would increase the quarterly interest expense related to the 431 million in variable rate borrowings by 538 thousand. Such hypothetical impact of interest rates on our variable rate borrowings does not consider the effect of any change in overall economic activity that could occur in a rising interest rate environment. Further, in the event of such a change in interest rates, we may take actions to further mitigate our exposure to such a change. However, due to the uncertainty of the specific actions that would be taken and their possible effects, the analysis assumes no changes in our financial structure. 
 We record certain of our assets at fair value in our financial statements and any changes in the discount rate would impact the value of these assets. See Note 3 to our audited financial statements in this Form 10-K. 
 Liquidity and Concentration Risk 
 The assets that comprise our Portfolio are not and are not expected to be publicly traded. A portion of these assets may be subject to legal and other restrictions on resale or will otherwise be less liquid than publicly-traded securities. The illiquidity of our assets may make it difficult for us to sell such assets if the need or desire arises, including in response to changes in economic and other conditions. Certain of the projects in which we invest have one obligor and thus we are subject to concentration risk for these investments and could incur significant losses if any of these projects perform poorly or if we are required to write down the value of any of these projects. Many of our assets, or the collateral supporting those assets, are concentrated in certain geographic areas, which may make those assets or the related collateral more susceptible to natural disasters or other regional events. See also Credit Risks discussed above. 
 Commodity and Environmental Attribute Price Risk 
 - 73 - 

When we make equity or debt investments for a renewable energy project that acts as a substitute for an underlying commodity, we may be exposed to volatility in prices for that commodity. The performance of renewable energy projects that produce electricity can be impacted by volatility in the market prices of various forms of energy, including electricity, coal and natural gas. This is especially true for GC utility scale projects that sell power on a wholesale basis as opposed to BTM projects which compete against the retail or delivered costs of electricity which includes the cost of transmitting and distributing the electricity to the end user. Projects in which we invest, or in which we may plan to invest, may also be exposed to volatility in the prices of environmental attributes, such as renewable energy credits or other similar credits which the project may produce. 
 Although we generally focus on renewable energy projects that have the majority of their operating cash flow supported by long-term PPAs or leases, many of our projects have shorter term contracts (which may have the potential of producing higher current returns) or sell their power or environmental attributes in the open market on a merchant basis. The cash flows of certain projects, and thus the repayment of, or the returns available for, our assets, are subject to risk if energy or environmental attribute prices change. We also attempt to mitigate our exposure through structural protections. These structural protections, which are typically in the form of a preferred return mechanism, are designed to allow recovery of our capital and an acceptable return over time. When structuring and underwriting these transactions, we evaluate these transactions using a variety of scenarios, including natural gas prices remaining low for an extended period of time. Despite these protections, as natural gas price volatility continues or PPAs expire, the cash flows from certain of our projects are exposed to these market conditions and we work with the projects sponsors to minimize any impact as part of our on-going active asset management and portfolio monitoring. We often invest in utility scale solar projects by owning the land under the project where our rent is paid out of project operational costs before the debt or equity in the project receives any payments. Certain of the projects in which we invest may also be obligated to physically deliver energy under PPAs or related agreements, and to the extent they are unable to do so may be negatively impacted. Certain PPAs or related agreements may also price power at a different location than the location where power is delivered to the grid, and the projects may be negatively impacted to the extent to which these prices differ. 
 We believe high prices in natural gas may increase the demand for other projects such as renewable energy that may be a substitute for natural gas, and that low prices in natural gas may increase demand for some types of our projects, such as combined heat and power. We seek to structure our energy efficiency investments so that we typically avoid exposure to commodity price risk. However, volatility in energy prices may cause building owners and other parties to be reluctant to commit to projects for which repayment is based upon a fixed monetary value for energy savings that would not decline if the price of energy declines. 
 Environmental Risks 
 Our business is impacted by the effects of climate change and various related regulatory responses. We discuss the risks and opportunities associated with the impacts of climate change in Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations - Impact of climate change on our future operations. This discussion outlines potential qualitative impacts to our business, quantitative illustrations of sensitivity as well as our strategy and resilience to these risks and opportunities. 
 Risk Management 
 Our ongoing active asset management and portfolio monitoring processes provide investment oversight and valuable insight into our origination, underwriting and structuring processes. These processes create value through active monitoring of the state of our markets, enforcement of existing contracts and asset management. As described above, we engage in a variety of interest rate management techniques that seek to mitigate the economic effect of interest rate changes on the values of, and returns on, some of our assets. While we have written off only two transactions, amounting to approximately 19 million (net of recoveries) on the approximately 10 billion of debt and real estate transactions we have originated since 2012, which represents an aggregate loss of approximately 0.2 on cumulative transactions originated over this time period, there can be no assurance that we will continue to be as successful, particularly as we invest in more credit sensitive assets or more equity investments and engage in increasing numbers of transactions with obligors other than U.S. federal government agencies. We seek to manage credit risk using thorough due diligence and underwriting processes, strong structural protections in our agreements with customers and continual, active asset management and portfolio monitoring. Additionally, we have a Finance and Risk Committee of our Board which discusses and reviews policies and guidelines with respect to our risk assessment and risk management for various risks, including, but not limited to, our interest rate, counter party, credit, capital availability, and refinancing risks. As it relates to environmental risks, when we underwrite and structure our investments the environmental risks and opportunities are an integral consideration to our investment parameters. While we cannot fully protect our investments, we seek to mitigate these risks by using third party experts to conduct engineering and weather analysis and insurance reviews as appropriate. Weather related risks are at times managed in cooperation with our clients where they buy offsetting power positions to mitigate power market disruptions or operational impacts. Once a transaction has closed we continue to monitor the environmental risks to the Portfolio. We further discuss our strategy to managing these risks in Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations - Impact of climate change on our future operations. 
 - 74 - 

- 75 - 

Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 Hannon Armstrong Sustainable Infrastructure Capital, Inc., Consolidated Financial Statements, For the Years Ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 
 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID: 
 77 
 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID: 42) 
 80 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets 
 80 
 Consolidated Statements of Operations 
 82 
 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income 
 83 
 Consolidated Statements of Stockholders Equity 
 84 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
 85 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 87 

- 76 - 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 
 To the Stockholders and the Board of Directors of 
 Hannon Armstrong Sustainable Infrastructure Capital, Inc. 
 
 Opinion on the Financial Statements 
 We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Hannon Armstrong Sustainable Infrastructure Capital, Inc. (the Company) as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the related consolidated statements of operations, comprehensive income, stockholders' equity and cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the consolidated financial statements ). In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company at December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022, in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles. 
 We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the Company's internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control-Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (2013 framework), and our report dated February 21, 2023 expressed an unqualified opinion thereon. 
 
 Basis for Opinion 
 These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company's management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 
 Critical Audit Matter 
 The critical audit matter communicated below is a matter arising from the current period audit of the financial statements that was communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that: (1) relates to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective or complex judgments. The communication of the critical audit matter does not alter in any way our opinion on the consolidated financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matter below, providing a separate opinion on the critical audit matter or on the account or disclosure to which it relates. 

- 77 - 

Accounting for Equity Investments in Climate Solutions Projects Description of the Matter As discussed in Note 2 to the consolidated financial statements, the Company makes equity investments in climate solutions projects that are accounted for under the equity method of accounting. During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company made new equity investments in climate solutions projects amounting to 128 million and held 1.9 billion of equity investments in climate solutions projects as of December 31, 2022. The Company s determination that it does not have the power to direct the significant activities impacting each of the investees economic performance power is critical to its determination that it is not the primary beneficiary of the investee. Also, as described in Note 2 to the consolidated financial statements, for equity method investments that contain preferences with regard to cash flows from operations, capital events and liquidation in their respective limited liability company agreements LLC Agreements ), the Company applies the Hypothetical Liquidation at Book Value HLBV method to record its share of profits and losses on these investments, which is done one quarter in arrears to allow for receipt of financial information from its investees. Also as described in Note 2, the Company evaluates their equity method investments quarterly for other than temporary impairment OTTI ). This requires evaluating both qualitative and quantitative evidence to determine whether there may be indicators of a loss in investment value below carrying value. 
 
 Auditing the Company s determination of whether it has power over an investee was complex and required significant judgment to determine both the activities of the investee that most significantly impact the investee s economics, and the distribution of power among the members of the investee that ultimately determine the outcome of such activities. In addition, auditing the Company s application of the HLBV method was challenging and inherently complex, because the application is based on its interpretations of the liquidation provisions outlined within investees LLC Agreements. Lastly, evaluating available qualitative and quantitative evidence was subjective and required judgment as to whether there were indicators of a loss in investment value below carrying value. 
 How We Addressed the Matter in our Audit We tested controls that address the risks of material misstatement relating to: i) the determination of whether the Company has the power to direct the significant activities of the investees, ii) the recognition of its share of investees profits and losses through use of the HLBV method based on financial information reported to the Company from its investees, and iii) the review of available qualitative and quantitative evidence in determining whether there may be indicators of a loss in investment value below carrying value. For example, we tested controls over management s review of the variable interest model and determination of whether the Company has power. We also tested controls over management s review of the HLBV method, including the application of the liquidation provisions and the financial information reported from their investees. Lastly, we tested controls over management s review of quantitative and qualitative evidence and whether there were indicators of a loss in investment value below carrying value. 
 
 To evaluate whether the Company has power over each investee, our audit procedures included, among others, inspecting LLC Agreements and evaluating management s analysis of the significant activities of the investee and which parties can direct those significant activities. For example, as part of our evaluation, we considered the purpose and design of the investee and the legal rights of each of the involved parties, including the significance of the decisions that each party makes. We also tested the rights of each party included in management s analysis by comparing such rights to the LLC Agreements. 
 
 We tested the Company s application of the HLBV method for a sample of both new and existing investments. Our audit procedures included, among others, involving tax professionals to assist in evaluating the Company s application of the liquidation provisions within the LLC Agreements. Specifically, we assessed the Company s HLBV calculations by agreeing provisions of the calculations, such as the application of stated preferred returns and allocation of tax attributes, to the terms of the LLC Agreements for each of these investments. We also performed additional procedures on the Company s HLBV calculations that included, but were not limited to, recalculating the stated preferred returns, recalculating allocations of tax attributes, comparing inputs included within the calculations to the information reported to the Company by its investee, and recalculating the Company s share of profits and losses of the investee. 
 
 We reviewed the Company s evaluation of qualitative and quantitative evidence and whether there may be indicators of a loss in investment value below carrying value for a sample of investments. This included, among others, evaluating management s identification of indicators that the Company s investments may have experienced a loss of value below carrying value, agreeing certain qualitative and quantitative information used in the assessment to source documents, testing clerical accuracy of the analysis as applicable, and assessing any contradictory evidence that arose during our audit. 

/s/ 
 
 - 78 - 

We have served as the Company s auditor since 1983. 

February 21, 2023 

- 79 - 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 
 To the Stockholders and the Board of Directors of 
 Hannon Armstrong Sustainable Infrastructure Capital, Inc. 
 
 Opinion on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 We have audited Hannon Armstrong Sustainable Infrastructure Capital, Inc. s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (2013 framework) (the COSO criteria). In our opinion, Hannon Armstrong Sustainable Infrastructure Capital, Inc. (the Company) maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on the COSO criteria. 
 We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the consolidated balance sheets of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the related consolidated statements of operations, comprehensive income, stockholders equity and cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022, and the related notes and our report dated February 21, 2023 expressed an unqualified opinion thereon. 
 Basis for Opinion 
 The Company s management is responsible for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting included in the accompanying Management s Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s internal control over financial reporting based on our audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. 
 Our audit included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk, and performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 Definition and Limitations of Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 A company s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 
 Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 
 
 /s/ Ernst Young LLP 
 
 Tysons, Virginia 
 
 February 21, 2023 

- 80 - 

HANNON ARMSTRONG SUSTAINABLE INFRASTRUCTURE CAPITAL, INC. 
 CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 
 (DOLLARS IN THOUSANDS, EXCEPT PER SHARE DATA) 
 
 December 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 Assets Cash and cash equivalents Equity method investments Commercial receivables, net of allowance of million and million, respectively 
 Government receivables Receivables held-for-sale 
 Real estate Investments Securitization assets Other assets Total Assets Liabilities and Stockholders Equity Liabilities: Accounts payable, accrued expenses and other Credit facilities Commercial paper notes Term loan facility Non-recourse debt (secured by assets of million and million, respectively) 
 Senior unsecured notes Convertible notes Total Liabilities Stockholders Equity: Preferred stock, par value per share, shares authorized, shares issued and outstanding 
 Common stock, par value per share, shares authorized, and shares issued and outstanding, respectively 
 Additional paid in capital Accumulated deficit ) ) Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) ) Non-controlling interest 
 Total Stockholders Equity Total Liabilities and Stockholders Equity 

See accompanying notes. 
 
 - 81 - 

HANNON ARMSTRONG SUSTAINABLE INFRASTRUCTURE CAPITAL, INC. 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 
 (DOLLARS IN THOUSANDS, EXCEPT PER SHARE DATA) 
 
 Years Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 Revenue Interest income Rental income Gain on sale of receivables and investments Fee income Total revenue Expenses Interest expense Provision for loss on receivables Compensation and benefits General and administrative Total expenses Income before equity method investments Income (loss) from equity method investments Income (loss) before income taxes Income tax benefit (expense) ) ) Net income (loss) Net income (loss) attributable to non-controlling interest holders 
 Net income (loss) attributable to controlling stockholders Basic earnings (loss) per common share Diluted earnings (loss) per common share Weighted average common shares outstanding basic Weighted average common shares outstanding diluted 

See accompanying notes. 
 
 - 82 - 

HANNON ARMSTRONG SUSTAINABLE INFRASTRUCTURE CAPITAL, INC. 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME 
 (DOLLARS IN THOUSANDS) 
 
 Years Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 Net income (loss) Unrealized gain (loss) on available-for-sale securities, net of tax (provision) benefit of million, million and ) million in 2022, 2021, and 2020 respectively 
 ) ) Unrealized gain (loss) on interest rate swaps, net of tax (provision) benefit of ) million, ) million, and million in 2022, 2021, and 2020 respectively 
 ) Comprehensive income (loss) Less: Comprehensive income (loss) attributable to non-controlling interest holders 
 Comprehensive income (loss) attributable to controlling stockholders 

See accompanying notes. 
 - 83 - 

HANNON ARMSTRONG SUSTAINABLE INFRASTRUCTURE CAPITAL, INC. 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY 
 (AMOUNTS IN THOUSANDS) 
 Common Stock Additional Paid-in Capital Accumulated Deficit Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) Non-controlling Interest Total Shares Amount Balance at December 31, 2019 ) Net income (loss) Adoption of ASU 2016-13, net of tax effect ) ) ) Unrealized gain (loss) on available-for-sale securities 
 Unrealized gain (loss) on interest rate swaps 
 ) ) ) Issued shares of common stock 
 Equity-based compensation 
 Issuance (repurchase) of vested equity-based compensation shares 
 ) ) Other ) Dividends and distributions 
 ) ) ) Balance at December 31, 2020 ) Net income (loss) Unrealized gain (loss) on available-for-sale securities ) ) ) Unrealized gain (loss) on interest rate swaps Issued shares of common stock Equity-based compensation Issuance (repurchase) of vested equity-based compensation shares ) ) Other Dividends and distributions ) ) ) Balance at December 31, 2021 ) Net income (loss) Unrealized gain (loss) on available-for-sale securities ) ) ) Unrealized gain (loss) on interest rate swaps Issued shares of common stock Equity-based compensation Issuance (repurchase) of vested equity-based compensation shares ) ) Redemption of OP Units ) Conversion of convertible notes Dividends and distributions ) ) ) Balance at December 31, 2022 ) ) 
 
 See accompanying notes. 
 - 84 - 

HANNON ARMSTRONG SUSTAINABLE INFRASTRUCTURE CAPITAL, INC. 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 
 (DOLLARS IN THOUSANDS) 
 Years Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 Cash flows from operating activities Net income (loss) Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash provided by operating activities: Provision for loss on receivables Depreciation and amortization Amortization of financing costs Equity-based compensation Equity method investments ) Non-cash gain on securitization ) ) ) (Gain) loss on sale of receivables and investments ) ) Changes in receivables held-for-sale ) ) Loss on debt extinguishment Changes in accounts payable and accrued expenses Change in accrued interest on receivables and investments ) ) ) Other ) ) ) Net cash provided by operating activities Cash flows from investing activities Equity method investments ) ) ) Equity method investment distributions received Proceeds from sales of equity method investments Purchases of and investments in receivables ) ) ) Principal collections from receivables Proceeds from sales of receivables Purchases of real estate ) Sales of real estate Purchases of investments ) ) ) Principal collections from investments Proceeds from sales of investments and securitization assets Funding of escrow accounts ) ) ) Withdrawal from escrow accounts Other ) Net cash provided by (used in) investing activities ) ) ) 
 - 85 - 

Years Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 Cash flows from financing activities Proceeds from credit facilities Principal payments on credit facilities ) ) ) Proceeds from issuance of commercial paper notes Principal payments on commercial paper notes ) Proceeds from issuance of non-recourse debt Principal payments on non-recourse debt ) ) ) Proceeds from issuance of term loan Proceeds from issuance of senior unsecured notes Redemption of senior unsecured notes ) Proceeds from issuance of convertible notes Principal payments on convertible notes ) Net proceeds of common stock issuances Payments of dividends and distributions ) ) ) Withholdings on employee share vesting ) ) ) Redemption premium paid ) Payment of debt issuance costs ) ) Other ) ) ) Net cash provided by (used in) financing activities Increase (decrease) in cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash ) ) Cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash at beginning of period Cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash at end of period Interest paid Supplemental disclosure of non-cash activity Residual assets retained from securitization transactions Right-of-use asset obtained in exchange for lease liability Issuance of common stock from conversion of convertible notes Deconsolidation of non-recourse debt and other liabilities Deconsolidation of assets pledged for non-recourse debt 
 See accompanying notes. 
 - 86 - 

HANNON ARMSTRONG SUSTAINABLE INFRASTRUCTURE CAPITAL, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 1. 
 
 2. 
 
 - 87 - 

- 88 - 

days or more past due, and if we otherwise do not expect the debtor to be able to service all of its debt or other obligations, we will generally consider the receivable delinquent or impaired and place the receivable on non-accrual status and cease recognizing income from that receivable until the borrower has demonstrated the ability and intent to pay contractual amounts due. If a receivable s status significantly improves regarding the debtor s ability to service the debt or other obligations, we will remove it from non-accrual status. 
 . For periods following the reasonable and supportable forecast period, we revert to historical information when developing assumptions used in our estimates. In developing our forecasts, we consider a number of qualitative and quantitative factors in our assessment, which may include a project s operating results, loan-to-value ratio, any cash reserves, the ability of expected cash from operations to cover the cash flow requirements currently and into the future, key terms of the transaction, the ability of the borrower to refinance the transaction, other credit support from the sponsor or guarantor and the project s collateral value. In addition, we consider the overall economic environment, the climate solutions sector, the effect of local, industry, and broader economic factors such as unemployment rates and power prices, the impact of any variation in weather and the historical and anticipated trends in interest rates, defaults and loss severities for similar transactions. For those assets where we record our allowance using a discounted cash flow method, we have elected to record the change in allowance due solely to the passage of time through the provision for loss on receivables in our income statement. For assets where the obligor is a publicly rated entity, we consider the published historical performance of entities with similar ratings in developing our estimate of an allowance, making adjustments determined by management to be appropriate during the reasonable and supportable forecast period. We have made certain loan commitments that are within the scope of Topic 326. When estimating an allowance for these loan commitments we consider the probability of certain amounts to be funded and apply either a discounted cash flow or PD/LGD methodology as described above. We charge off receivables against the allowance, if any, when we determine the unpaid principal balance is uncollectible, net of recovered amounts. Any provision we record for an allowance is a non-cash reconciling item to cash from operating activities in our consolidated statements of cash flows. 
 - 89 - 

- 90 - 

- 91 - 

and of the initial target, depending on the extent to which the performance target is met. In addition to performance targets, income or gain must be allocated by our Operating Partnership to certain LTIP Units issued by our Operating Partnership so that the capital accounts of such units are equalized with the capital accounts of other holders of OP units before parity is reached and LTIP Units can be converted to limited partnership units. 
 We record compensation expense for grants made in accordance with ASC 718, Compensation Stock Compensation . We record compensation expense for unvested grants that vest solely based on service conditions on a straight-line basis over the vesting period of the entire award based upon the fair market value of the grant on the date of grant. Fair market value for restricted common stock is based on our share price on the date of grant. For awards where the vesting is contingent upon achievement of certain performance targets, compensation expense is measured based on the fair market value on the grant date and is recorded over the requisite service period (which includes the performance period). Actual performance results at the end of the performance period determines the number of shares that will ultimately be awarded. We have also issued awards where the vesting is contingent upon service being provided for a defined period and certain market conditions being met. The fair value of these awards, as measured at the grant date, is recognized over the requisite service period, even if the market conditions are not met. The grant date fair value of these awards was developed by an independent appraiser using a Monte Carlo simulation. Forfeitures of unvested awards are recognized as they occur. 
 In the second quarter of 2022, our Board approved a retirement policy that provides for full vesting at retirement of any time-based awards that were granted prior to the date of retirement and permits the vesting of performance-based awards that were granted prior to the date of retirement according to the original vesting schedule of the award, subject to the achievement 
 - 92 - 

million to reflect unvested grants of employees who meet the retirement eligibility criteria. 

business segment. 
 
 3. 

- 93 - 

Level 3 Government receivables Level 3 Receivables held-for-sale Level 3 Investments (1) 
 Level 3 Securitization residual assets (2) 
 Level 3 Liabilities (3) 
 Credit facilities Level 3 Commercial paper notes Level 3 Term loan facility Level 3 Non-recourse debt Level 3 Senior unsecured notes Level 2 Convertible notes 2023 Convertible Senior Notes Level 2 2025 Exchangeable Senior Notes Level 2 Total Convertible Notes Level 2 
 (1) The amortized cost of our investments as of December 31, 2022, was million. 
 (2) Included in securitization assets on the consolidated balance sheet. The amortized cost of our securitization residual assets as of December 31, 2022, was million. 
 (3) Fair value and carrying value exclude unamortized financing costs. 
 
 As of December 31, 2021 Fair Value Carrying Value Level (in millions) Assets Commercial receivables Level 3 Government receivables Level 3 Receivables held-for-sale Level 3 Investments (1) 
 Level 3 Securitization residual assets (2) 
 Level 3 Liabilities (3) 
 Credit facilities Level 3 Commercial paper notes Level 3 Non-recourse debt Level 3 Senior unsecured notes Level 2 Convertible notes: 2023 Convertible Senior Notes Level 2 2025 Convertible Senior Notes Level 2 Total Convertible Notes Level 2 
 (1) The amortized cost of our investments as of December 31, 2021, was million. 
 (2) Included in securitization assets on the consolidated balance sheet. The amortized cost of our securitization residual assets as of December 31, 2021, was million. 
 (3) Fair value and carrying value exclude unamortized financing costs. 
 - 94 - 

Purchases of investments Sale of investments ) ) Unrealized gains (losses) on investments recorded in OCI ) ) Balance, end of period 
 
 December 31, 2021 
 (1) Loss position is due to interest rates movements and is not indicative of credit deterioration. We have the intent and ability to hold these investments until a recovery of fair value. 
 In determining the fair value of our investments, as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, we used a risk-free rate and added a range of interest rate spreads of approximately to , determined based upon recent transactions involving similar assets. The weighted average discount rates used to determine the fair value of our investments as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 were and , respectively. 
 Securitization residual assets 
 Accretion of securitization residual assets Additions to securitization residual assets Collections of securitization residual assets ) ) Unrealized gains (losses) on securitization residual assets recorded in OCI ) ) Balance, end of period 
 
 - 95 - 

December 31, 2021 
 (1) Loss position is due to interest rates movements and is not indicative of credit deterioration. We have the intent and ability to hold these investments until a recovery of fair value. 
 In determining the fair value of our securitization residual assets, as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, we used a market-based risk-free rate and added a range of interest rate spreads of approximately to , determined based upon recent transactions involving similar assets. The weighted average discount rate used to determine the fair value of our securitization residual assets as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 was and , respectively. 
 Non-recurring Fair Value Measurements 
 Our financial statements may include non-recurring fair value measurements related to acquisitions and non-monetary transactions, if any. Assets acquired in a business combination, if any, are recorded at their fair value. We may use third party valuation firms to assist us with developing our estimates of fair value. 
 Concentration of Credit Risk 
 Commercial and government receivables, real estate leases, and debt investments consist primarily of receivables from various projects, U.S. federal government-backed receivables, and investment grade state and local government receivables and do not, in our view, represent a significant concentration of credit risk given the large number of diverse offtakers and other obligors of the projects. Additionally, certain of our investments are collateralized by projects concentrated in certain geographic regions throughout the United States. These investments typically have structural credit protections to mitigate our risk exposure and, in most cases, the projects are insured for estimated physical loss which helps to mitigate the possible risk from these concentrations. 
 Restricted cash deposits (included in other assets) Total cash deposits Amount of cash deposits in excess of amounts federally insured 
 
 4. 
 of our outstanding OP units and are redeemable by the limited partners for cash, or at our option, for a like number of shares of our common stock. Non-controlling interest holders redeemed OP units during the year ended December 31, 2022 for the same number of shares of our common stock. OP units were exchanged by non-controlling interest holders during the year ended December 31, 2021. 
 We have also granted to members of our leadership team and directors LTIP Units pursuant to our equity incentive plans. The LTIP Units issued to employees are held by HASI Management HoldCo LLC. The LTIP Units are designed to qualify as profits interests in the Operating Partnership and initially will have a capital account balance of and, therefore, will not have full parity with OP units with respect to liquidating distributions or other rights. However, the amended and restated agreement of limited partnership of the Operating Partnership (the OP Agreement provides that book gains, or economic appreciation, in the Operating Partnership will be allocated first to the LTIP Units until the capital account per LTIP Units is equal to the capital account per-unit of the OP units. Under the terms of the OP Agreement, the Operating Partnership will revalue its assets upon the occurrence of certain specified events, and any increase in valuation from the time of grant until such event will be allocated first to the holders of LTIP Units to equalize the capital accounts of such holders with the capital 
 - 96 - 

5. 
 Cost of financial assets securitized Proceeds from securitizations Residual and servicing assets Cash received from residual and servicing assets 
 In connection with securitization transactions, we typically retain servicing responsibilities and residual assets. We generally receive annual servicing fees that are typically up to of the outstanding balance. We may periodically make servicer advances, that are subject to credit risk. Included in securitization assets in our consolidated balance sheets are our servicing assets at amortized cost and our residual assets at fair value. Our residual assets are subordinate to investors interests, and their values are subject to credit, prepayment and interest rate risks on the transferred financial assets. Other than our securitization assets representing these residual interests in the trusts assets, the investors and the securitization trusts have no recourse to our other assets for failure of debtors to pay when due. In computing gains and losses on securitizations, we use discount rates based on a review of comparable market transactions including Level 3 unobservable inputs which consist of base interest rates and spreads over these base rates. Depending on the nature of the transaction risks, the discount rate ranged from to during the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 As of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, our managed assets totaled billion and billion, respectively, of which billion and billion, respectively, were securitized assets held in unconsolidated securitization trusts. There were securitization credit losses in the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, or 2020. As of December 31, 2022, there were material payments from debtors to the securitization trusts that were greater than 90 days past due. 
 Receivables from contracts for the installation of energy efficiency and other technologies are the source of cash flows for million of our securitization residual assets. These technologies are installed in facilities owned by, or operated for or by, federal, state or local government entities where the ultimate obligor for the receivable is a governmental entity. The contracts may have guarantees of energy savings from third-party service providers, which typically are entities rated investment grade by an independent rating agency. The remainder of our securitization residual assets are related to contracts where the underlying cash flows are secured by an interest in real estate which are typically senior in terms of repayment to other financings. 
 
 6. 
 billion of equity method investments, receivables, real estate and investments on our balance sheet. The equity method investments represent our non-controlling equity investments in renewable energy and energy efficiency projects and land. The receivables and investments are typically collateralized by contractually committed debt obligations of government entities or private high credit quality obligors and are often supported by additional forms of credit enhancement, including security interests and supplier guaranties. The real estate is typically land and related lease intangibles for long-term leases to wind and solar projects. 
 In developing and evaluating performance against our credit criteria, we consider a number of qualitative and quantitative criteria which may include a project s operating results, loan-to-value ratio, any cash reserves, the ability of expected cash from operations to cover the cash flow requirements currently and into the future, key terms of the transaction, the ability of the borrower to refinance the transaction, the financial and operating capability of the borrower, its sponsors or the obligor as well as any guarantors and the project s collateral value. In addition, we consider the overall economic environment, the climate solutions sector, the effect of local, industry and broader economic factors, the impact of any variation in weather and the historical and anticipated trends in interest rates, defaults and loss severities for similar transactions. 
 - 97 - 

2021 2020 2019 2018 Prior to 2018 Total receivables held-for-investment (5) 
 Less: Allowance for loss on receivables 
 ) ) ) Net receivables held-for-investment Receivables held-for-sale Investments Real estate Equity method investments (6) 
 Total 
 Percent of Portfolio 
 (1) This category includes our assets where based on our credit criteria and performance to date we believe that our risk of not receiving our invested capital remains low. 
 (2) This category includes our assets where based on our credit criteria and performance to date we believe there is a moderate level of risk to not receiving some or all of our invested capital. 
 (3) This category includes our assets where based on our credit criteria and performance to date, we believe there is substantial doubt regarding our ability to recover some or all of our invested capital. Loans in this category are placed on non-accrual status. In the second quarter of 2022, we moved million of loans we had made in a new market venture where the performance has not met expectations to this category from Category 2. 
 Previously included in this category were commercial receivables with a combined total carrying value of approximately million which were assignments of land lease payments from wind projects that we had originated in 2014. In 2017, the operator of the projects terminated the lease, at which time we filed a legal claim and placed these assets on non-accrual status. In 2019, we received a court decision indicating that the owners of the projects were within their rights under the contract terms to terminate the lease which impacts the land lease assignments to us, at which time we reserved the receivables for their full carrying amount. In the second quarter of 2022, we received a court decision indicating that our appeal was not successful, and accordingly we wrote off the full amount of the receivable. 
 (4) Receivable vintage refers to the period in which the relevant loan agreement is signed, and a given vintage may contain loan advances made in periods subsequent to the period in which the loan agreement was signed. 
 (5) Total reconciles to the total of the government receivables and commercial receivables lines of the consolidated balance sheets 
 
 Receivables 
 As of December 31, 2022 our allowance for loan losses was million based on our expectation for credit losses over the lives of the receivables in our Portfolio. During 2022, we recorded a provision for loss on receivables of million primarily due to new loans and loan commitments. 

- 98 - 

Government (2) 
 Total 
 
 (1) As of December 31, 2022, this category of assets include million of mezzanine loans made on a non-recourse basis to special purpose subsidiaries of residential solar companies which are secured by residential solar assets where we rely on certain limited indemnities, warranties, and other obligations of the residential solar companies or their other subsidiaries. This total also includes million of lease agreements where we hold legal title to the underlying real estate which are treated under GAAP as receivables since they were deemed to be failed sale/leaseback transactions as described in Note 2. 
 Risk characteristics of our commercial receivables include a project s operating risks, which include the impact of the overall economic environment, the climate solutions sector, the effect of local, industry, and broader economic factors, the impact of any variation in weather and trends in interest rates. We use assumptions related to these risks to estimate an allowance using a discounted cash flow analysis or the PD/LGD method as discussed in Note 2. All of our commercial receivables are included in Performance Rating 1 in the Portfolio Performance table above, except for the million of receivables we have placed on non-accrual status which are included in Performance Rating 3. For those assets in Performance Rating 1, the credit worthiness of the obligor combined with the various structural protections of our assets cause us to believe we have a low risk we will not receive our invested capital, however we recorded a million allowance on these billion in assets as a result of lower probability assumptions utilized in our allowance methodology. 
 (2) As of December 31, 2022, our government receivables include million of U.S. federal government transactions and million of transactions where the ultimate obligors are state or local governments. 
 
 Risk characteristics of our government receivables include the energy savings or the power output of the projects and the ability of the government obligor to generate revenue for debt service, via taxation or other means. Transactions may have guarantees of energy savings or other performance support from third-party service providers, which typically are entities, directly or whose ultimate parent entity is, rated investment grade by an independent rating agency. All of our government receivables are included in Performance Rating 1 in the Portfolio Performance table above. Our allowance for government receivables is primarily calculated by using PD/LGD methods as discussed in Note 2. Our expectation of credit losses for these receivables is immaterial given the high credit-quality of the obligors. 
 
 The following table reconciles our beginning and ending allowance for loss on receivables by Portfolio Segment for the year ended December 31, 2022: 
 Commercial Government (in millions) Beginning balance - December 31, 2020 Provision for loss on receivables Ending balance - December 31, 2021 Provision for loss on receivables Write-off of allowance ) Ending balance - December 31, 2022 
 
 Other than the million of receivables discussed above with a Performance Rating of 3, we have no receivables which are on non-accrual status. 
 Weighted average yield by period 
 - 99 - 

Weighted average yield by period 
 We had no investments that were impaired or on non-accrual status as of December 31, 2022 or 2021, and no allowances associated with our investments. 
 Real Estate 
 Our real estate is leased to renewable energy projects, typically under long-term triple net leases with expiration dates that range between the years 2033 and 2057 under the initial terms and 2047 and 2080 if all renewals are exercised. 
 
 Lease intangibles Accumulated amortization of lease intangibles ) ) Real estate 
 2024 2025 2026 2027 Thereafter Total 
 Equity Method Investments 
 We have made non-controlling equity investments in a number of climate solutions projects as well as in a joint venture that owns land with long-term triple net lease agreements to several solar projects that we account for as equity method investments. 
 - 100 - 

Various Lighthouse Partnerships (1) 
 Various Phase V Class A LLC March 2020 University of Iowa Energy Collaborative Holdings LLC Various Vivint Solar Asset 3 HoldCo Parent LLC Various Other investees Total equity method investments 
 (1) Represents the total of equity investments in a portfolio of a renewable energy projects discussed below. 
 Jupiter Equity Holdings, LLC 
 We have a preferred equity interest in Jupiter Equity Holdings, LLC Jupiter that owns operating onshore wind projects and operating utility-scale solar projects with an aggregate capacity of approximately gigawatts. We have made capital contributions to Jupiter of approximately million related to these projects, reflecting final funding true-ups after all projects reached substantial completion. The projects feature cash flows from fixed-price power purchase agreements and financial hedges with a weighted average contract life of years, contracted with highly creditworthy off-takers and counterparties. 
 Jupiter is governed by an amended and restated limited liability company agreement, dated July 1, 2020, by and among Jupiter, one of our subsidiaries and a subsidiary of the project sponsor, and contains customary terms and conditions. We own of the Class A Units in Jupiter corresponding to of the distributions from Jupiter subject to the preferences discussed below. Most major decisions that may impact Jupiter, its subsidiaries or its assets, require the majority vote of a person committee in which we and the project sponsor each have representatives. Through Jupiter, we will be entitled to preferred distributions until certain return targets are achieved. Once these return targets are achieved, distributions will be allocated approximately to us and approximately to the sponsor. We and the sponsor each have a right of first offer if the other party desires to transfer any of its equity ownership to a third party on or after July 1, 2023. We use the equity method of accounting to account for our preferred equity interest in Jupiter, and have elected to recognize earnings from this investment one quarter in arrears to allow for the receipt of financial information. 
 Lighthouse Renewables Portfolio 
 In December 2020, we entered into certain agreements relating to the acquisition, ownership and management of approximately million in preferred cash equity investments in partnerships that expect to own cash equity interests in an approximately gigawatt portfolio of onshore wind, utility-scale solar and solar-plus-storage projects (the Renewables Portfolio developed and managed by the project sponsor. In 2021, we modified this structure to include an additional project in the renewables portfolio and to be held through the partnerships Lighthouse Partnerships ), bringing our total expected investment to million. We have made initial investments in the preferred cash equity interests of the Lighthouse Partnerships of approximately million through December 31, 2022, and additional investments are expected to be made as the projects become commercially operational. The Renewables Portfolio currently has contracted cash flows with a combined weighted average contract life of greater than years with a diversified group of predominately investment grade corporate, utility, university, and municipal offtakers. 
 Each of the Lighthouse Partnerships are or will be governed by a limited liability company agreement between us and the sponsor serving as managing member and contain customary terms and conditions. Most major decisions that may impact each of the Lighthouse Partnerships, its subsidiaries or its assets, require a unanimous vote of the representatives present at a meeting of a review committee in which a quorum is present. The review committee is a person committee, which includes Company representatives and sponsor representatives. Through each Lighthouse Partnership, commencing on a certain date following the effective date of the applicable limited liability company agreement, we will be entitled to preferred distributions until certain return targets of the Renewables Portfolio are achieved. Subject to customary exceptions, no member of a Lighthouse Partnership can transfer any of its equity ownership in any Lighthouse Partnership to a third party without approval of the review committee of that Lighthouse Partnership. We use the equity method of accounting to account for our preferred equity interest in each Lighthouse Partnership, and have elected to recognize earnings from this investment one quarter in arrears to allow for the receipt of financial information. 
 - 101 - 

million are loans made to entities in which we also have non-controlling equity investments of approximately million. These equity method investments are LLCs taxed as partnerships that we have entered into with various renewable energy project sponsors, such as SunPower Corporation. We negotiate the commercial terms of these loans with the other partner, and the assets against which the project sponsors are borrowing are contributed into the LLCs upon the execution of the loans. Our equity investments allow us to participate in the residual economics of those contributed assets alongside the other partner, and our rights under the project operating agreements do not allow us to make any significant unilateral decisions regarding the terms of the arrangement. Because the loans made to these entities are typically subordinate to senior debt and tax equity investors in the projects, these loans, which have maturities of over , may accrue PIK interest in the early years of the project until sufficient cash flow is available for our interest payments. Any change in PIK interest is included in Change in accrued interest on receivables and investments in the operating section of our statement of cash flows. On a quarterly basis, we assess these loans for any impairment inclusive of any PIK interest accrued under CECL as discussed above under Receivables. 
 Investments in related party loans Principal collected from related party loans Interest collected from related party loans 
 In addition to the above, in the second quarter of 2022, as part of a purchase and sale agreement with an equity investee, we exchanged performing loans for equity interests in the same project companies. The GAAP carrying value of the loans was million, which were exchanged in a non-cash transaction for equity method investments with gain or loss recognized at the time of exchange as calculated using discounted cash flows at a market interest rate. 
 
 7. 
 secured revolving credit facilities (our Secured Credit Facilities ), a representation-based loan agreement (the Rep-Based Facility and an approval-based loan agreement (the Approval-Based Facility with various lenders, which mature in July 2023. The Rep-Based Facility is a secured revolving limited-recourse credit facility, which has a maximum outstanding principal amount of million, and the Approval-Based Facility is a secured revolving recourse credit facility with a maximum outstanding principal amount of million. 
 Value of collateral pledged to credit facility Available capacity based on pledged assets Weighted average short-term borrowing rate N/A 
 Loans under the Rep-Based Facility bear interest at a rate equal to one-month LIBOR plus or (depending on the type of collateral) or, in certain circumstances, the Federal Funds Rate plus or (depending on the type of collateral). Loans under the Approval-Based Facility bear interest at a rate equal to one-month LIBOR plus or (depending on the type of collateral) or, under certain circumstances, the Federal Funds Rate plus or (depending on the type of collateral). 
 Inclusion of any financings of the Company in the borrowing base as collateral under the Rep-Based Facility will be subject to the Company making certain agreed upon representations and warranties. We have provided a limited guarantee covering the accuracy of the representations and warranties, and the repayment by the borrowers of certain amounts relating to any such financing is the exclusive remedy with respect to any breach of such representations and warranties under the Rep-Based Facility. Inclusion of any financings of the Company in the borrowing base as collateral under the Approval-Based 
 - 102 - 

in the case of a land-lease obligor or a U.S. Federal Government obligor, in the case of an institutional obligor or state and local obligor, and with respect to other obligors or in certain circumstances, such other percentage as the administrative agent may prescribe. Under the Approval-Based Facility, the applicable valuation percentage is in the case of certain approved financings and or such other percentage as the administrative agent may prescribe. 
 We have approximately million of remaining unamortized financing costs associated with the Secured Credit Facilities that have been capitalized and included in other assets on our balance sheet and are being amortized on a straight-line basis over the term of the Secured Credit Facilities. Administrative fees are payable annually to the administrative agent under each of the Secured Credit Facilities and letter agreements with the administrative agent. Under the Rep-Based Facility, we pay to the administrative agent on each monthly payment date, for the benefit of the lenders, certain availability fees for the Rep-Based Facility equal to , divided by 365 or 366, as applicable, multiplied by the excess of the available total commitments under the Rep-Based Facility over the actual amount borrowed under the Rep-Based Facility. 
 The Secured Credit Facilities contain terms, conditions, covenants, and representations and warranties that are customary and typical for a transaction of this nature, including various affirmative and negative covenants, and limitations on the incurrence of liens and indebtedness, investments, fundamental organizational changes, dispositions, changes in the nature of business, transactions with affiliates, use of proceeds and stock repurchases. We were in compliance with our covenants as of December 31, 2022. 
 The Secured Credit Facilities also include customary events of default, including the existence of a default in more than of the value of underlying financings. The occurrence of an event of default may result in termination of the credit facilities, acceleration of amounts due under the Secured Credit Facilities, and accrual of default interest at a rate of LIBOR plus in the case of both the Rep-Based Facility and the Approval-Based Facility. 
 Unsecured revolving credit facilities 
 In February 2022, we entered into a million unsecured revolving credit facility pursuant to a revolving credit agreement with a syndicate of lenders which matures in February 2025, replacing our then-existing million unsecured revolving credit facility entered into in February 2021. As of December 31, 2022, there were outstanding balances on the unsecured revolving credit facility. As of December 31, 2022, we had less than million of remaining unamortized financing costs associated with the unsecured revolving credit facility that have been capitalized and included in other assets on our balance sheet and are being amortized on a straight-line basis over the term of the unsecured revolving credit facility. 
 The unsecured revolving credit facility has a committee fee based on our current credit rating and bears interest at a rate of the SOFR or prime rate plus applicable margins based on our current credit rating, which may be adjusted downward up to to the extent our Portfolio achieves certain targeted levels of carbon emissions avoidance as measured by our CarbonCount metric. The current applicable margins are for Term SOFR Rate-based loans and for prime rate-based loans. The unsecured revolving credit facility contains terms, conditions, covenants, and representations and warranties that are customary and typical for transactions of this nature, including various affirmative and negative covenants, and limitations on the incurrence of liens and indebtedness, investments, fundamental organizational changes, dispositions, changes in the nature of business, transactions with affiliates, use of proceeds, stock repurchases, and dividends we can declare. The unsecured revolving credit facility also includes customary events of default and remedies. At our option, upon maturity of the unsecured revolving credit facility, we have the ability to convert amounts borrowed into term loans for a fee equal to of the term loan amounts. 
 CarbonCount Green Commercial Paper Note Program 
 In December 2022, we renewed an agreement allowing us to issue commercial paper notes, in amounts up to million outstanding at any time. We obtained an irrevocable direct-pay letter of credit in an amount not to exceed million from Bank of America, N.A, to support these obligations which expires in June 2024. Commercial paper notes will not be redeemable, will not be subject to voluntary prepayment and are not to exceed days. The proceeds of our commercial paper notes are used to acquire or refinance, in whole or in part, eligible green projects, including assets that are neutral to negative on incremental carbon emissions. As of December 31, 2022, we have green commercial paper notes outstanding. 
 Green commercial paper notes will be issued at a discount based on market pricing, subject to broker fees of . For issuance of the letter of credit, we will pay on any drawn letter of credit amounts to Bank of America, N.A., and 
 - 103 - 

to the extent our Portfolio achieves certain targeted levels of carbon emissions avoidance as measured by our CarbonCount metric. As of December 31, 2022, we have remaining unamortized financing costs associated with the commercial paper program and associated letter of credit. The associated letter of credit contains terms, conditions, covenants, and representations and warranties that are customary and typical for a transaction of this nature, including various affirmative and negative covenants, and limitations on the incurrence of liens and indebtedness, investments, fundamental organizational changes, dispositions, changes in the nature of business, transactions with affiliates, use of proceeds, stock repurchases and dividends we declare. The letter of credit also includes customary events of default and remedies. 
 
 8. 
 October 2034 Receivables, real estate, real estate intangibles, and restricted cash HASI SYB Trust 2016-2 April 2037 Receivables and restricted cash HASI SYB Trust 2017-1 March 2042 Receivables, real estate, real estate intangibles, and restricted cash Lannie Mae Series 2019-1 January 2047 Receivables, real estate, real estate intangibles, and restricted cash Other non-recourse debt (1) 
 - 
 2022 to 2032 Receivables Unamortized financing costs ) ) Non-recourse debt (2) 
 
 (1) Other non-recourse debt consists of various debt agreements used to finance certain of our receivables. Scheduled debt service payment requirements are equal to or less than the cash flows received from the underlying receivables. 
 (2) The total collateral pledged against our non-recourse debt was million and million as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively, which includes million and million of restricted cash balance was pledged for debt service as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively. 
 We have pledged the financed assets, and typically our interests in one or more parents or subsidiaries of the borrower that are legally separate bankruptcy remote special purpose entities as security for the non-recourse debt. There is no recourse for repayment of these obligations other than to the applicable borrower and any collateral pledged as security for the obligations. Generally, the assets and credit of these entities are not available to satisfy any of our other debts and obligations. The creditors can only look to the borrower, the cash flows of the pledged assets and any other collateral pledged, to satisfy the debt and we are not otherwise liable for nonpayment of such cash flows. The debt agreements contain terms, conditions, covenants, and representations and warranties that are customary and typical for transactions of this nature, including limitations on the incurrence of liens and indebtedness, investments, fundamental organizational changes, dispositions, changes in the nature of business, transactions with affiliates, use of proceeds and stock repurchases. The agreements also include customary events of default, the occurrence of which may result in termination of the agreements, acceleration of amounts due, and accrual of default interest. We typically act as servicer for the debt transactions. We were in compliance with all covenants as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. 
 We have guaranteed the accuracy of certain of the representations and warranties and other obligations of certain of our subsidiaries under certain of the debt agreements and provided an indemnity against certain losses from bad acts of such subsidiaries including fraud, failure to disclose a material fact, theft, misappropriation, voluntary bankruptcy or unauthorized transfers. 
 - 104 - 

2024 2025 2026 2027 Thereafter Total minimum maturities Unamortized financing costs ) Total non-recourse debt 
 
 The stated minimum maturities of non-recourse debt above include only the mandatory minimum principal payments. To the extent there are additional cash flows received from our investments in climate solutions projects serving as collateral for certain of our non-recourse debt facilities, these additional cash flows may be required to be used to make additional principal payments against the respective debt. Any additional principal payments made due to these provisions may impact the anticipated balance at maturity of these financings. To the extent there are not sufficient cash flows received from those investments pledged as collateral, the investor has no recourse against other corporate assets to recover any shortfalls. 
 Senior Unsecured Notes 
 We have outstanding senior unsecured notes issued jointly by certain of our TRS and are guaranteed by the Company and certain other subsidiaries (the Senior Unsecured Notes ). The Senior Unsecured Notes are subject to covenants that limit our ability to incur additional indebtedness and require us to maintain unencumbered assets of not less than of our unsecured debt. These covenants will terminate on any date at which the Senior Unsecured Notes have been rated investment grade by two of the three major credit rating agencies and no event of default has occurred. We are in compliance with all of our covenants as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. The Senior Unsecured Notes impose certain requirements in the event that we merge with or sell substantially all of our assets to another entity. We allocate an amount equal to the net proceeds of our Senior Unsecured Notes to the acquisition or refinance of, in whole or in part, eligible green projects, including assets that are neutral to negative on incremental carbon emissions. 
 
 April 15, 2025 April 15 and October 15th April 15, 2022 (1) 
 2026 Notes June 15, 2026 June 15 and December 15 March 15, 2026 (1) 
 2030 Notes (2) 
 September 15, 2030 February 15th and August 15th September 15, 2022 (3) 

(1) Prior to this date, we may redeem, at our option, some or all of the 2025 Notes or 2026 Notes for the outstanding principal amount plus the applicable make-whole premium as defined in the indenture governing the 2025 Notes or 2026 Notes plus accrued and unpaid interest through the redemption date. In addition, prior to this date, we may redeem up to of the Senior Unsecured Notes using the proceeds of certain equity offerings at a price equal to par plus the coupon percentage of the principal amount thereof, plus accrued but unpaid interest, if any, to, but excluding, the applicable redemption date. On, or subsequent to, this date we may redeem the 2025 or 2026 Notes in whole or in part at redemption prices defined in the indenture governing the 2025 Notes or 2026 Notes, plus accrued and unpaid interest though the redemption date. 
 (2) We issued the million aggregate principal amount of the 2030 Notes for total proceeds of million million net of issuance costs) at an effective interest rate of . 
 (3) Prior to this date, we may, at our option on one or more occasions redeem up to of the 2030 Notes using the proceeds of certain equity offerings at a price equal to of the principal amount thereof; plus accrued but unpaid interest, if any, to, but excluding the applicable redemption date. At any point prior to maturity, we may redeem, at our option, some or all of the 2030 Notes plus the applicable make-whole premium as defined in the indenture governing the 2030 Notes plus accrued and unpaid interest through the redemption date. 
 - 105 - 

Accrued interest Unamortized premium (discount) ) ) Less: Unamortized financing costs ) ) Carrying value of Senior Unsecured Notes Interest expense 
 Convertible Senior Notes 
 We have outstanding million aggregate principal amount of convertible senior notes and million aggregate principal amount of exchangeable senior notes, together Convertible Notes . Holders may convert or exchange any of their Convertible Notes into shares of our common stock at the applicable conversion or exchange ratio at any time prior to the close of business on the second scheduled trading day immediately preceding the maturity date, unless the Convertible Notes have been previously redeemed or repurchased by us. 
 (2) 
 September 1, 2022 March 1 and September 1 2023 Convertible Senior Notes August 15, 2023 N/A 2025 Exchangeable Senior Notes (3) 
 May 1, 2025 N/A 
 (1) The conversion ratio is subject to adjustment for dividends declared above these amounts per share per quarter and certain other events that may be dilutive to the holder. 
 (2) In March 2022, we exercised a redemption option to call the remaining million of 2022 Convertible Senior Notes. million principal of the notes was converted prior to the effectiveness of the redemption option, with the remaining notes being redeemed for cash of million 
 (3) The 2025 Exchangeable Senior Notes accrete to a premium at maturity equal to per annum. The current balance including accreted premium is million. 
 For the 2023 Convertible Senior Notes, following the occurrence of a make-whole fundamental change, we will, in certain circumstances, increase the conversion rate for a holder that converts its convertible notes in connection with such make-whole fundamental change. There are no cash settlement provisions in the convertible notes and the conversion option can only be settled through physical delivery of our common stock. Additionally, upon the occurrence of certain fundamental changes involving us, holders of the 2023 Convertible Notes may require us to redeem all or a portion of their notes for cash at a price of of the principal amount outstanding, plus accrued and unpaid interest. We may redeem the 2023 Convertible Senior Notes at any time only if such a redemption is deemed reasonably necessary to preserve our qualification as a REIT. 
 In April 2022, certain of our TRS jointly issued million of green exchangeable senior notes due 2025 
 that are guaranteed by us and certain other subsidiaries and may, under certain conditions, be exchangeable 
 for our common stock. The notes accrete to a premium at maturity at an effective rate of annually. 
 Upon any exchange, holders will receive a number of shares of our common stock equal to the product of (i) 
 the aggregate initial principal amount of the notes to be exchanged, divided by 1,000 and (ii) the applicable exchange 
 rate, which will initially be 17.6873, equivalent to an initial exchange price of approximately per share, plus cash 
 in lieu of fractional shares. We intend to allocate an amount equal to the net proceeds of this offering to the 
 acquisition or refinancing of, in whole or in part, new and/or existing eligible green projects, which include assets that are 
 neutral to negative on incremental carbon emissions. 
 - 106 - 

Premium Less: Unamortized financing costs ) ) Carrying value of Convertible Senior Notes Interest expense 
 CarbonCount Term Loan Facility 
 On November 1, 2022, we entered into an unsecured term loan facility with a syndicate of banks which has an outstanding principal amount of million. Principal amounts under the term loan facility will bear interest at a rate of Term SOFR plus applicable margins based on our current credit rating, which may be adjusted downward up to to the extent our Portfolio achieves certain targeted levels of carbon emissions avoidance, as measured by our CarbonCount metric. As of December 31, 2022, the applicable margin is and the current interest rate is . The coupon on any drawn amounts will be reset at monthly, quarterly, or semi-annual intervals at our election. Interest is due and payable quarterly. Beginning six months after the effective date of the facility, of the outstanding principal balance will be due quarterly. The term loan facility has a maturity date of October 31, 2025, and loans under the facility can be prepaid without penalty. We intend to allocate an amount equal to the net proceeds of this offering to the acquisition or refinancing of, in whole or in part, new and/or existing eligible green projects, which include assets that are neutral to negative on incremental carbon emissions. 
 2024 2025 Total Less: Unamortized financing costs ) Carrying Value 
 The term loan facility contains terms, conditions, covenants, and representations and warranties that are customary and typical for a transaction of this nature, including various affirmative and negative covenants, and limitations on the incurrence of liens and indebtedness, investments, fundamental organizational changes, dispositions, changes in the nature of business, transactions with affiliates, use of proceeds, stock repurchases and dividends we declare. The term loan facility also includes customary events of default and remedies. 
 
 9. 
 million for each of the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively. Future gross minimum lease payments are approximately million per year during the remaining term of the leases. 
 - 107 - 

of our joint venture entities that own debt securities of energy efficiency projects. We received million of the proceeds of this financing arrangement, and in turn have guaranteed the obligations of the entity related to this financing, which includes collateral posting requirements as well as repayment of the financing at maturity in February 2023. In February 2023, we extended this agreement until May 2023. As of December 31, 2022, our maximum obligation under this guarantee is approximately million. We believe the likelihood of having to perform under the guarantee is remote, have recorded no liability associated with this guarantee, and presently have not been required to post collateral for this guarantee as the assets of the joint venture entities are enough to support the financing obligation. We have executed a separate agreement with our joint venture partner pursuant to which it is liable for repayment to us of this guarantee obligation. 
 In connection with some of our transactions, we have provided certain limited representations, warranties, covenants and/or provided an indemnity against certain losses resulting from our own actions, including related to certain investment tax credits. As of December 31, 2022, there have been no such actions resulting in claims against the Company. 
 COVID-19 
 The COVID-19 global pandemic has brought forth uncertainty and disruption to the global economy. As of December 31, 2022, we have not recorded any contingencies on our balance sheet related to COVID-19 with the exception of any allowances related to our receivables described in Note 6. To the extent COVID-19 continues to cause dislocations in the global economy, our financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows may be adversely impacted. 
 
 10.) million for the year ended December 31, 2022, a ) million tax benefit (expense) for the year ended December 31, 2021, and an million tax benefit (expense) for the year for the year ended 2020 related to the activities of our TRS. The federal income tax expense and benefits recorded were determined using a rate of 21 . Our deferred tax assets and liabilities were measured using a federal rate of 21 . 
 
 Changes in rate resulting from: Share-based compensation ) ) ) Equity method investments ) ) Other ) ) Valuation allowance ) Effective tax rate ) ) 
 Our deferred tax liability was million and million as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, related to the activities of our TRS. Our deferred tax liability is included in accounts payable, accrued expenses and other on our consolidated balance sheet. Deferred income taxes represent the tax effect from continuing operations of the differences between the book and tax basis of assets and liabilities. 
 - 108 - 

Tax credit carryforwards Share-based compensation Other Valuation allowance ) Gross deferred tax assets Receivables basis difference ) ) Equity method investments ) ) Gross deferred tax liabilities ) ) Net deferred tax liabilities ) ) 
 We have unused NOLs of million and tax credits of approximately million. Approximately million of our NOLs will begin to expire in 2034. If our TRS entities were to experience a change in control as defined in Section 382 of the Internal Revenue Code, the TRS s ability to utilize NOLs in the years after the change in control would be limited. Similar rules and limitation may apply for state tax purposes as well. Of our NOLs, million were added in taxable years after 2018 which are not subject to expiration but are limited to 80 of taxable income. Our tax credits begin to expire in 2034. 
 We have no examinations in progress, none are expected at this time, and years 2019 through 2022 are open. As of December 2022 and 2021, we had uncertain tax positions. Our policy is to recognize interest expense and penalties related to income tax matters as a component of general and administrative expense. There were accrued interest and penalties as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and interest and penalties were recognized during the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, or 2020. 
 Return of capital 
 
 11. 
 5/4/2021 07/2/2021 07/9/2021 8/5/2021 10/1/2021 10/8/2021 11/4/2021 12/28/2021 (1) 
 01/11/2022 02/17/2022 04/4/2022 04/11/2022 05/3/2022 07/5/2022 07/12/2022 08/4/2022 10/4/2022 10/11/2022 11/3/2022 12/28/2022 (1) 
 01/6/2023 02/16/2023 04/3/2023 04/10/2023 
 (1) These dividends are treated as distributions in the following year for tax purposes. 
 - 109 - 

Q2 2021 None Q3 2021 ATM Q4 2021 ATM Q1 2022 ATM Q2 2022 ATM Q3 2022 ATM Q4 2022 ATM 
 (1) Represents the average price per share at which investors in our ATM offerings purchased our shares. 
 (2) Net proceeds from the offerings are shown after deducting underwriting discounts, commissions and other offering costs. 
 
 Equity-based Compensation Awards 
 We have awards authorized for issuance under our 2022 Plan. As of December 31, 2022, we have issued awards with service, performance and market conditions and have awards remaining available for issuance. During the year ended December 31, 2022, our Board awarded employees and directors shares of restricted stock, restricted stock units, and LTIP Units that vest from 2023 to 2027. Refer to Note 4 for background on the LTIP Units. 
 Fair value of awards vested on vesting date 
 The total unrecognized compensation expense related to awards of shares of restricted stock, restricted stock units, and LTIP Units was approximately million as of December 31, 2022. We expect to recognize compensation expense related to these awards over a weighted-average term of approximately year. 
 - 110 - 

Granted Vested ) ) Forfeited ) ) Ending Balance December 31, 2021 Granted Vested ) ) Forfeited ) ) Ending Balance December 31, 2022 
 A summary of the unvested shares of restricted stock units that have market-based vesting conditions that have been issued is as follows: 
 Restricted Stock 
 Units (1) 
 Weighted Average Grant Date Fair Value Value (per share) (in millions) Ending Balance December 31, 2020 Granted Incremental performance shares granted Vested ) ) Forfeited ) ) Ending Balance December 31, 2021 Granted Incremental performance shares granted Vested ) ) Forfeited ) ) Ending Balance December 31, 2022 
 (1) As discussed in Note 2, restricted stock units with market-based vesting conditions can vest between and subject to both the absolute performance of the Company s common stock as well as relative performance compared to a group of peers. The incremental performance shares granted relate to the vesting of an award at the level. 
 Granted Vested ) ) Forfeited Ending Balance December 31, 2021 Granted Vested ) ) Forfeited ) ) Ending Balance December 31, 2022 
 (1) See Note 4 for information on the vesting of LTIP Units. 
 - 111 - 

Granted Incremental performance shares granted Vested ) ) Forfeited Ending Balance December 31, 2021 Granted Incremental performance shares granted Vested ) ) Forfeited Ending Balance December 31, 2022 
 (1) See Note 4 for information on the vesting of LTIP Units. LTIP Units with market-based vesting conditions can vest between and subject to both the absolute performance of the Company s common stock as well as relative performance compared to a group of peers. The incremental performance shares granted relate to the vesting of an award at the level. 
 
 12. 
 
 - 112 - 

Less: Dividends and distributions to participating securities ) ) ) Undistributed earnings attributable to participating securities Net income (loss) attributable to controlling stockholders Add: Interest expense related to convertible notes under the if-converted method 
 Net income (loss) attributable to controlling stockholders diluted Denominator: Weighted-average number of common shares basic Weighted-average number of common shares diluted Basic earnings per common share Diluted earnings per common share Securities being allocated a portion of earnings: Weighted-average number of OP units Participating securities: Unvested restricted common stock and unvested LTIP Units with time-based vesting conditions outstanding at period end Potentially dilutive securities as of period end: Unvested restricted common stock and unvested LTIP Units with time-based vesting conditions Restricted stock units LTIP Units with market-based vesting conditions Potential shares of common stock related to convertible notes 
 
 13. 
 million, million, and million respectively, from our equity method investments. We describe our accounting for the non-controlling equity investments in Note 2. 
 
 - 113 - 

Total assets Current liabilities Total liabilities Members equity As of December 31, 2021 Current assets Total assets Current liabilities Total liabilities Members equity Income Statement For the nine months ended September 30, 2022 Revenue ) (2) 
 Income (loss) from continuing operations ) ) ) Net income (loss) ) ) ) For the year ended December 31, 2021 Revenue Income (loss) from continuing operations ) ) Net income (loss) ) ) For the year ended December 31, 2020 Revenue Income (loss) from continuing operations ) ) Net income (loss) ) ) 
 (1) Represents aggregated financial statement information for investments not separately presented. 
 million of mark-to-market losses on energy swaps which do not qualify for hedge accounting. 
 
 14. 
 of the employee s contributions and a 0.50 per dollar match for the next of employee contributions. We contributed approximately million under the plan for the years ended December 31, 2022, and less than million during the years ended December 31 2021, and 2020. 
 - 114 - 

Charged to provision (1) 
 Loan charge-offs ) Balance at end of period 
 
 million related to the adoption of ASC 326, which we adopted as of January 1, 2020 . 
 - 115 - 

Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 None. 

Item 9A. Controls and Procedures 
 A review and evaluation was performed by our management, including our chief executive officer and chief financial officer, of the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures (as such term is defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act), as of the end of the period covered by this Form 10-K. Based on that review and evaluation, the chief executive officer and chief financial officer have concluded that our current disclosure controls and procedures, as designed and implemented, were effective. Notwithstanding the foregoing, a control system, no matter how well designed and operated, can provide only reasonable, not absolute, assurance that it will detect or uncover failures within our company to disclose material information otherwise required to be set forth in our periodic reports. 
 Management s Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 Our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting. Internal control over financial reporting is defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) promulgated under the Exchange Act as a process designed by, or under the supervision of, our principal executive and principal financial officers and effected by our Board, management and other personnel to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with U.S. GAAP and includes those policies and procedures that: 
 
 pertain to the maintenance of records that in reasonable detail accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of our company; 
 provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with U.S. GAAP, and that our receipts and expenditures are being made only in accordance with authorizations of our management and directors; and 
 provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition of our assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 
 Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risks that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 
 Our management assessed the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022. In making this assessment, our management used criteria set forth by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission in Internal Control-Integrated Framework (2013 Framework). 
 Based on this assessment, our management believes that, as of December 31, 2022, our internal control over financial reporting was effective based on those criteria. 
 Changes in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 There have been no changes in our internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the quarter ended December 31, 2022 that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 
 Our company s independent registered public accounting firm, Ernst Young LLP, has issued an attestation report on the effectiveness of our company s internal control over financial reporting. This report appears on page 84 of this annual report on Form 10-K. 

Item 9B. Other Information 
 Leadership Succession 
 On February 16, 2023, as part of the planned leadership succession process of the Company, the Board announced three key executive appointments: 
 
 - 116 - 

Jeffrey W. Eckel, currently Chairman of our Board, President and Chief Executive Officer, will assume the role of Executive Chairman and continue leading our Board; 
 Jeffrey A. Lipson, currently Executive Vice President, Chief Operating Officer and Chief Financial Officer, will become the President Chief Executive Officer; and 
 Marc T. Pangburn, currently Executive Vice President and Co-Chief Investment Officer, will become Chief Financial Officer. 
 Transition of Jeffrey W. Eckel to Executive Chairman 
 Mr. Eckel will transition from the Company s Chief Executive Officer and President and be designated to serve as our Executive Chairman, effective March 1, 2023. Mr. Eckel will serve as Executive Chairman for two years. On March 1, 2025, our Board will designate Mr. Eckel to serve as our Non-Executive Chairman. 
 In connection with this transition, we have entered into a new employment agreement with Mr. Eckel. Mr. Eckel s two-year employment agreement includes an annual base salary of 412,500 and a target annual bonus of 237 of Mr. Eckel s base salary. On each of March 1, 2023 and March 1, 2024, we will grant to Mr. Eckel an equity compensation award with a target value of 3,285,750, subject to vesting and performance requirements. 
 During the term (and, if Mr. Eckel s employment is terminated during the term due to his disability or death, for the period after such termination of employment due to disability or death as is necessary for Mr. Eckel s disability or death to be covered by the applicable policy), we will maintain and pay the cost of (A) a term life insurance policy with a death benefit in the amount of 5,000,000 on the life of Mr. Eckel and (B) a long-term disability insurance policy for Mr. Eckel which would provide disability benefits to Mr. Eckel in an annual amount not less than 300 of the Mr. Eckel s annual base salary. 
 If Mr. Eckel is terminated due to his disability or death, Mr. Eckel or his estate will receive any accrued but unpaid salary and annual bonus, plus a pro rata target bonus for the year in which his termination of employment occurs. For 24 months following such a termination, we will subsidize the cost of Mr. Eckel s post-employment health coverage. All outstanding equity awards held by Mr. Eckel will become vested and nonforfeitable. 
 If Mr. Eckel is terminated without cause or leaves employment for good reason, he will be entitled to severance equal to one year of his base salary, one times the greater of the average of his annual bonus for the previous three years or the target bonus for the year of his termination, as well as a pro-rata target bonus for the year of termination. For 24 months following such a termination, we will subsidize the cost of Mr. Eckel s post-employment health coverage. All outstanding equity awards held by Mr. Eckel will become vested and nonforfeitable. 
 If Mr. Eckel is terminated for cause, leaves employment without good reason or his term expires, he will be entitled to any accrued but unpaid base salary and annual bonus. 
 Appointment of Jeffrey A. Lipson as Chief Executive Officer 
 We have appointed Jeffrey A. Lipson, the Company s Executive Vice President, Chief Operating Officer and Chief Financial Officer, to Chief Executive Officer and President, and we have entered into a new employment agreement with Mr. Lipson, effective March 1, 2023. 
 Mr. Lipson s employment agreement includes an annual base salary of 775,000 and a target annual bonus of 175 of Mr. Lipson s base salary. Mr. Lipson will be eligible to receive equity compensation awards when awards are made to similarly situated senior executives of the Company. 
 During the term (and, if Mr. Lipson s employment is terminated during the term due to his disability or death, for the period after such termination of employment due to disability or death as is necessary for Mr. Lipson s disability or death to be covered by the applicable policy), we will maintain and pay the cost of (A) a term life insurance policy with a death benefit in the amount of 5,000,000 on the life of Mr. Lipson and (B) a long-term disability insurance policy for Mr. Lipson which would provide disability benefits to Mr. Lipson in an annual amount not less than 300 of his annual base salary. 
 If Mr. Lipson is terminated due to his disability or death, Mr. Lipson or his estate will receive any accrued but unpaid salary and annual bonus, plus a pro rata target bonus for the year in which his termination of employment occurs. All outstanding equity awards held by Mr. Lipson will become vested and nonforfeitable. 
 If Mr. Lipson is terminated without cause or leaves employment for good reason, he will be entitled to severance equal to three times the sum of (A) one year of his base salary, (B) the greater of the average of his annual bonus for the previous three years or the target bonus for the year of his termination, plus (C) a pro-rata target bonus for the year of termination. For 24 months following such a termination, we will subsidize the cost of Mr. Lipson s post-employment health coverage. All outstanding equity awards held by Mr. Lipson will become vested and nonforfeitable. 
 - 117 - 

If Mr. Lipson is terminated for cause or leaves employment without good reason, he will be entitled to any accrued but unpaid base salary and annual bonus. 
 Appointment of Marc T. Pangburn as Chief Financial Officer 
 We have appointed Marc T. Pangburn, the Company s Executive Vice President and Co-Chief Investment Officer, to Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, and we have entered into a new employment agreement with Mr. Pangburn, effective March 1, 2023. 
 Mr. Pangburn s employment agreement includes an annual base salary of 425,000 and a target annual bonus of 150 of Mr. Pangburn s base salary. Mr. Pangburn will be eligible to receive equity compensation awards when awards are made to similarly situated senior executives of the Company. 
 If Mr. Pangburn is terminated by reason of death or disability, his outstanding equity will become vested, and he or his estate will receive a pro rata target bonus for year of his death or a target bonus for the year in which the disability occurs. 
 If Mr. Pangburn is terminated without cause or leaves employment for good reason, he will be entitled to severance equal to one and one-half times one year of his base salary and one and one-half times the average of his annual bonus for the previous three years. For 18 months following such a termination, we will subsidize the cost of Mr. Pangburn s post-employment health coverage. All outstanding equity awards held by Mr. Pangburn will become vested and nonforfeitable. 
 If Mr. Pangburn is terminated for cause or leaves employment without good reason, he will be entitled to any accrued but unpaid base salary and annual bonus. 
 Each of the executives are subject to typical restrictive covenant provisions following termination of the employment. 
 This disclosure is qualified in its entirety by the terms of the executed employment agreements, each of which is filed as an exhibit to this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 None. 
 - 118 - 

PART III 

Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 The information regarding our directors, executive officers and certain other matters required by Item 401 of Regulation S-K is incorporated herein by reference to our definitive proxy statement relating to our annual meeting of stockholders (the Proxy Statement ), to be filed with the SEC within 120 days after December 31, 2022. 
 The information regarding compliance with Section 16(a) of the Exchange Act required by Item 405 of Regulation S-K is incorporated herein by reference to the Proxy Statement to be filed with the SEC within 120 days after December 31, 2022. 
 The information regarding our Code of Business Conduct and Ethics required by Item 406 of Regulation S-K is incorporated herein by reference to the Proxy Statement to be filed with the SEC within 120 days after December 31, 2022. 
 The information regarding certain matters pertaining to our corporate governance required by Item 407(c)(3), (d)(4) and (d)(5) of Regulation S-K is incorporated by reference to the Proxy Statement to be filed with the SEC within 120 days after December 31, 2022. 

Item 11. Executive Compensation 
 The information regarding executive compensation and other compensation related matters required by Items 402 and 407(e)(4) and (e)(5) of Regulation S-K is incorporated herein by reference to the Proxy Statement to be filed with the SEC within 120 days after December 31, 2022. 

Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 The tables on beneficial ownership of our Company required by Item 403 of Regulation S-K are incorporated herein by reference to the Proxy Statement to be filed with the SEC within 120 days after December 31, 2022. 
 Securities Authorized For Issuance Under Equity Compensation Plans 
 In 2013, we adopted the 2013 Plan to provide equity-based incentive compensation to members of our senior management team, our independent directors, advisers, consultants and other personnel. The 2013 Plan authorizes our compensation committee to grant stock options, shares of restricted common stock, restricted stock units, phantom shares, dividend equivalent rights, LTIP Units and other restricted limited partnership units issued by our Operating Partnership and other equity-based awards up to an aggregate of 7.5 of the shares of common stock issued and outstanding from time to time on a fully diluted basis (assuming, if applicable, the exercise of all outstanding options and the conversion of all warrants and convertible securities, including OP units and LTIP Units, into shares of common stock). 
 As of December 31, 2022, we have approximately 1.2 million shares of our restricted common stock, LTIP Units, and restricted common stock units outstanding (assuming that the restricted stock units vest at 200 ), which are subject to vesting and, in some cases, performance requirements, to our directors, officers and other employees. 
 The following table presents certain information about our equity compensation plan as of December 31, 2022: 
 
 Award Number of securities remaining available for future issuance under 
 equity compensation plans (1) 
 Equity compensation plans approved by stockholders 7,435,731 Equity compensation plans not approved by stockholders Total 7,435,731 
 (1) The 2013 Plan provides for grants of equity awards up to, in the aggregate, the equivalent of 7.5 of the issued and outstanding shares of our common stock from time to time (on a fully diluted basis (assuming, if applicable, the exercise of all outstanding options and the conversion of all warrants and convertible securities into shares of common stock and assuming performance-based LTIP Units vest at 200 )) at the time of the award. As of December 31, 2022, we did not have outstanding under our equity compensation plan, any options, warrants or rights to purchase shares of our common stock. 
 - 119 - 

Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions and Director Independence 
 The information regarding transactions with related persons, promoters and certain control persons and director independence required by Items 404 and 407(a) of Regulation S-K is incorporated herein by reference to the Proxy Statement to be filed with the SEC within 120 days after December 31, 2022. 

Item 14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services 
 The information concerning principal accounting fees and services and the Audit Committee s pre-approval policies and procedures required by Item 14 is incorporated herein by reference to the Proxy Statement to be filed with the SEC within 120 days after December 31, 2022. 
 
 - 120 - 

PART IV 

Item 15. Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 
 Documents filed as part of the report 
 The following documents are filed as part of this Form 10-K in Part II, Item 8 and are incorporated by reference: 
 (a)(1) Financial Statements: 
 See index in Item 8 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data, filed herewith for a list of financial statements. 
 (a)(2) 2. Financial Statement Schedules: 
 See index in Item 8 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data, filed herewith for Schedule II Valuation and Qualifying Accounts filed in response to this Item. 

(3) Exhibits Files: 
 Exhibit 
 number 
 Exhibit description 
 3.1 Articles of Amendment and Restatement of Hannon Armstrong Sustainable Infrastructure Capital, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Registrant s Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2013 (No. 001-35877), filed on August 9, 2013) 
 3.2 Amended and restated bylaws of Hannon Armstrong Sustainable Infrastructure Capital, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Registrant s Form 8-K (No. 001-35877), filed on December 10, 2021) 
 3.3 Amended and Restated Agreement of Limited Partnership of Hannon Armstrong Sustainable Infrastructure, L.P. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.3 to the Registrant s Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2013 (No. 001-35877), filed on August 9, 2013) 
 4.1 Specimen Common Stock Certificate of Hannon Armstrong Sustainable Infrastructure Capital, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to Amendment No. 3 to the Registrant s Form S-11 (No. 333-186711), filed on April 12, 2013) 
 4.2 Description of Hannon Armstrong Sustainable Infrastructure Capital, Inc. s Securities Registered Pursuant to Section 12 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to the Registrant's Form 10-K (No. 001-35877), filed on February 25, 2020) 
 4.3 Indenture, dated as of August 22, 2017, between Hannon Armstrong Sustainable Infrastructure Capital, Inc. and U.S. Bank National Association, as Trustee (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Registrant s Form 8-K (No. 001-35877), filed on August 22, 2017) 
 4.4 First Supplemental Indenture, dated as of August 22, 2017, between Hannon Armstrong Sustainable Infrastructure Capital, Inc. and U.S. Bank National Association, as Trustee (including the form of 4.125 Convertible Senior Note due 2022) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to the Registrant s Form 8-K (No. 001-35877), filed on August 22, 2017) 
 4.5 Indenture, dated as of April 21, 2020, between HAT Holdings I LLC and HAT Holdings II LLC, as issuers, and Hannon Armstrong Sustainable Infrastructure Capital, Inc., Hannon Armstrong Sustainable Infrastructure, L.P., and Hannon Armstrong Capital, LLC, as guarantors, and U.S. Bank National Association, as trustee (including the form of HAT Holdings I LLC and HAT Holdings II LLC's 6.00 Senior Notes due 2025) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 on the Registrant's Form 8-K (No. 001-35877), filed on April 21, 2020) 
 4.6 Second Supplemental Indenture, dated as of August 21, 2020, between Hannon Armstrong Sustainable Infrastructure Capital, Inc. and U.S. Bank National Association, as Trustee (including the form of Hannon Armstrong Sustainable Infrastructure Capital, Inc.'s 0 Convertible Senior Note due 2023) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Registrant's Form 8-K (No. 001-35877), filed on August 21, 2020) 
 4.7 Indenture, dated as of August 25, 2020, between HAT Holdings I LLC and HAT Holdings II LLC, as issuers, and Hannon Armstrong Sustainable Infrastructure Capital, Inc., Hannon Armstrong Sustainable Infrastructure, L.P., and Hannon Armstrong Capital, LLC, as guarantors, and U.S. Bank National Association, as trustee (including the form of HAT Holdings I LLC and HAT Holdings II LLC's 3.750 Senior Notes due 2030) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 on the Registrant's Form 8-K (No. 011-35877), filed on August 25, 2020) 
 4.8 Indenture, dated as of June 28, 2021, between HAT Holdings I LLC and HAT Holdings II LLC, as issuers, and Hannon Armstrong Sustainable Infrastructure Capital, Inc., Hannon Armstrong Sustainable Infrastructure, L.P., and Hannon Armstrong Capital, LLC, as guarantors, and U.S. Bank National Association, as trustee (including the form of HAT Holdings I LLC and HAT Holdings II LLC s 3.375 Senior Notes due 2026) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 on the Registrant s Form 8-K (No. 011-35877), filed on June 28, 2021) 
 
 - 121 - 

4.9 Indenture, dated as of April 13, 2022 by and among HAT Holdings I LLC and HAT Holdings II LLC, as issuers, and Hannon Armstrong Sustainable Infrastructure Capital, Inc., Hannon Armstrong Sustainable Infrastructure, L.P., and Hannon Armstrong Capital, LLC, as guarantors, and U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association, as trustee (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 on the Registrant s Form 8-K (No. 011-35877) filed on April 15, 2022) 
 4.10 First Supplemental Indenture, dated as of April 13, 2022 by and among HAT Holdings I LLC and HAT Holdings II LLC, as issuers, and Hannon Armstrong Sustainable Infrastructure Capital, Inc., Hannon Armstrong Sustainable Infrastructure, L.P., and Hannon Armstrong Capital, LLC, as guarantors, and U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association, as trustee (including the form of HAT Holdings I LLC s and HAT Holdings II LLC s 0.00 Green Exchangeable Senior Note due 2025) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 on the Registrant s Form 8-K (No. 011-35877) filed on April 15, 2022) 
 10.1 Form of Indemnification Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 to Amendment No. 3 to the Registrant s Form S-11 (No. 333-186711), filed on April 12, 2013) 
 10.2 Amended and Restated 2013 Hannon Armstrong Sustainable Infrastructure Capital, Inc. Equity Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant s Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2017 (No. 001-35877), filed on May 4, 2017) 
 10.3 2022 Hannon Armstrong Sustainable Infrastructure Capital, Inc. Equity Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant s Form 8-K (No. 001-35877), filed on June 7, 2022) 
 10.4 Restricted Stock Award Agreement dated April 23, 2013 between Hannon Armstrong Sustainable Infrastructure Capital, Inc. and Jeffrey W. Eckel (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Registrant s Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2013 (No. 001-35877), filed on August 9, 2013) 
 10.5 Form of Restricted Stock Award Agreement (Executive Officers) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Registrant s Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2013 (No. 001-35877), filed on August 9, 2013) 
 10.6 Form of Restricted Stock Award Agreement (Non-employee Directors) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to the Registrant s Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2013 (No. 001-35877), filed on August 9, 2013) 
 10.7 Amended and Restated Form of Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Registrant s Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March, 31 2017 (No. 001-35877), filed on May 4, 2017) 
 10.8 Registration Rights Agreement, dated April 23, 2013, by and among Hannon Armstrong Sustainable Infrastructure Capital, Inc. and the parties listed on Schedule I thereto (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.6 to the Registrant s Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2013 (No. 001-35877), filed on August 9, 2013) 
 10.09 Employment Agreement, dated April 17, 2013, by and between Hannon Armstrong Sustainable Infrastructure Capital, Inc. and Steven L. Chuslo (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.9 to the Registrant s Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2013 (No. 001-35877), filed on August 9, 2013) 
 10.1 Employment Agreement, dated April 17, 2013, by and between Hannon Armstrong Sustainable Infrastructure Capital, Inc. and Nathaniel J. Rose (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.10 to the Registrant s Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2013 (No. 001-35877), filed on August 9, 2013) 
 10.11 Employment Agreement, dated April 17, 2013, by and between Hannon Armstrong Sustainable Infrastructure Capital, Inc. and Daniel McMahon (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Registrant s Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2015 (No. 001-35877), filed on August 7, 2015) 
 10.12 Indemnity Agreement, dated as of September 30, 2015, by Hannon Armstrong Sustainable Infrastructure Capital, Inc. in favor of the Bank of New York Mellon (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.7 to the Registrant s Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2015 (No. 001-35877), filed on November 5, 2015) 
 10.13 Employment Agreement, dated March 15, 2017, by and between Hannon Armstrong Sustainable Infrastructure Capital, Inc. and Charles Melko (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Registrant s Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2017 (No. 001-35877), filed on May 4, 2017) 
 10.14 Form of Amended and Restated Restricted Stock Unit Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.57 to the Registrant's Form 10-K (No. 001-35877) for the year ended December, 31, 2017, filed on February 23, 2018) 
 
 - 122 - 

10.15 Loan Agreement (Rep-Based), dated as of December 13, 2018 by and among certain subsidiaries of the Company, Bank of America, N.A., as administrative agent, and each lender from time to time party thereto (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.26 on the Registrant s Form 10-K (No. 001-35877) for the year ended December 31, 2018, filed on February 22, 2019) 
 10.16 Loan Agreement (Approval-Based), data as of December 13, 2018, by and among certain subsidiaries of the Company, Bank of America, N.A., as administrative agent, and each lender from time to time party thereto (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.27 on the Registrant s Form 10-K (No. 001-35877) for the year ended December 31, 2018, filed on February 22, 2019) 
 10.17 Limited Guaranty (Rep-Based), dated as of December 13, 2018, by the Company and Hannon Armstrong Capital, LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.28 on the Registrant s Form 10-K (No. 001-35877) for the year ended December 31, 2018, filed on February 22, 2019) 
 10.18 Guaranty (Approval-Based), dated as of December 13, 2018, by the Company and Hannon Armstrong Capital, LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.29 on the Registrant s Form 10-K (No. 001-35877) for the year ended December 31, 2018, filed on February 22, 2019) 
 10.19 Credit Agreement, dated as of April 19, 2021, by and among the Company, certain subsidiaries of the Company, JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. as administrative agent, sole bookrunner, sole lead arranger and sustainability structuring agent, Bank of America, N.A., Barclays Bank PLC, Credit Suisse AG, New York Branch, KeyBank National Association, Morgan Stanley Senior Funding, Inc., Royal Bank of Canada, Sumitomo Mitsui Banking Corporation and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as documentation agents, and each lender from time to time party thereto (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 1.1 on the Registrant s Form 8-K (No. 011-35877), filed on April 20, 2021) 
 10.20 Form of LTIP Unit Vesting Agreement under the 2013 Hannon Armstrong Sustainable Infrastructure Capital, Inc. Equity Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Registrant s Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2019 (No. 001-35877), filed on May 3, 2019) 
 10.21 Form of Hannon Armstrong Sustainable Infrastructure, L.P. Time-Based LTIP Unit Award Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Registrant s Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2019 (No. 001-35877), filed on May 3, 2019) 
 10.22 Form of Hannon Armstrong Sustainable Infrastructure, L.P. Performance-Based LTIP Unit Award Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to the Registrant s Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2019 (No. 001-35877), filed on May 3, 2019) 
 10.23 Letter Agreement, dated as of January 6, 2021, between J. Brendan Herron, Hannon Armstrong Sustainable Infrastructure Capital, Inc. and Hannon Armstrong Capital Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant s Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2021 (No. 001-35877), filed on May 7, 2021) 
 10.24 Employment Agreement, dated June 30, 2021, by and between Hannon Armstrong Sustainable Infrastructure Capital, Inc. and Susan D. Nickey (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Registrant s Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2021 (No. 001-35877), filed on August 6, 2021) 
 10.25 At Market Issuance Sales Agreement, dated May 13, 2020, by and between Hannon Armstrong Sustainable Infrastructure Capital, Inc., B. Riley FBR, Inc., Robert W. Baird Co. Incorporated, BofA Securities, Inc., Loop Capital Markets LLC, SMBC Nikko Securities America, Inc. and Nomura Securities International, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 1.1 to the Registrant's Form 8-K (No. 001-35877), filed on May 13, 2020) 
 10.26 Amendment No. 1 to the At Market Issuance Sales Agreement, dated February 26, 2021, by and among Hannon Armstrong Sustainable Infrastructure Capital, Inc., B. Riley Securities, Inc., Robert W. Baird Co. Incorporated, BofA Securities, Inc., Loop Capital Markets LLC, SMBC Nikko Securities America, Inc. and Nomura Securities International, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 1.2 to the Registrant s Form 8-K (No. 001-35877), filed on March 1, 2021) 
 10.27 Credit Agreement, dated as of February 7, 2022, by and among the Company, certain subsidiaries of the Company, JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. as administrative agent, sole bookrunner, sole lead arranger and sustainability structuring agent, Bank of America, N.A., Barclays Bank PLC, Credit Suisse AG, New York Branch, KeyBank National Association, Morgan Stanley Senior Funding, Inc., Royal Bank of Canada, Sumitomo Mitsui Banking Corporation and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as documentation agents, and each lender from time to time party thereto (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 1.1 to the Registrant s Form 8-K (No. 001-35877), filed on February 11, 2022. 
 10.28 Registration Rights Agreement, dated as of April 13, 2022, by and among HAT Holdings I LLC, HAT Holdings II LLC, and Hannon Armstrong Sustainable Infrastructure Capital, Inc. and the initial purchasers party thereto. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 on the Registrant s Form 8-K (No. 011-35877) filed on April 15, 2022) 
 
 - 123 - 

10.29 Amendment No. 2 to the At Market Issuance Sales Agreement, dated March 1, 2022, by and among Hannon Armstrong Sustainable Infrastructure Capital, Inc., B. Riley Securities, Inc., Robert W. Baird Co. Incorporated, BofA Securities, Inc., Loop Capital Markets LLC, SMBC Nikko Securities America, Inc. and Nomura Securities International, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 1.3 to the Registrant s Form 8-K (No. 001-35877), filed on March 2, 2022) 
 10.30 Amended and Restated Employment Agreement, dated February 14, 2023, by and between Hannon Armstrong Sustainable Infrastructure Capital, Inc. and Jeffrey Eckel 
 10.31 Amended and Restated Employment Agreement, dated February 14, 2023, by and between Hannon Armstrong Sustainable Infrastructure Capital, Inc. and Jeffrey Lipson 
 10.32 Amended and Restated Employment Agreement, dated February 14, 2023, by and between Hannon Armstrong Sustainable Infrastructure Capital, Inc. and Marc Pangburn 
 21.1 
 List of subsidiaries of Hannon Armstrong Sustainable Infrastructure Capital, Inc. 
 23.1 
 Consent of Ernst Young LLP for Hannon Armstrong Sustainable Infrastructure Capital, Inc. 
 24.1 
 Power of Attorney (included on signature page) 
 31.1 
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes Oxley Act of 2002 
 31.2 
 Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 32.1 
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to section 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes Oxley Act of 2002 
 32.2 
 Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to section 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes Oxley Act of 2002 
 101.SCH 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema 
 101.CAL 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase 
 101.DEF 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase 
 101.LAB 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase 
 101 PRE 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase 
 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File Included as Exhibit 101 (embedded within the Inline XBRL document) 
 Filed herewith. 
 Furnished with this report. 

Item 16. Form 10-K Summary 
 None. 
 
 - 124 - 

SIGNATURES 
 
 Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 
 
 HANNON ARMSTRONG SUSTAINABLE INFRASTRUCTURE CAPITAL, INC. (Registrant) Date: February 21, 2023 /s/ Jeffrey W. Eckel Jeffrey W. Eckel Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and President /s/ Jeffrey A. Lipson Jeffrey A. Lipson 
 Chief Financial Officer, Chief Operating Officer, and Executive Vice President /s/ Charles W. Melko Charles W. Melko Chief Accounting Officer, Treasurer and Senior Vice President 
 
 - 125 - 

POWER OF ATTORNEY 
 
 KNOW ALL PERSONS BY THESE PRESENTS, that each person whose signature appears below constitutes and appoints Jeffrey W. Eckel, Jeffrey A. Lipson and Charles W. Melko, and each of them, with full power to act without the other, such person s true and lawful attorneys-in-fact and agents, with full power of substitution and resubstitution, for him or her and in his or her name, place and stead, in any and all capacities, to sign this Form 10-K and any and all amendments thereto, and to file the same, with exhibits and schedules thereto, and other documents in connection therewith, with the Securities and Exchange Commission, granting unto said attorneys-in-fact and agents, and each of them, full power and authority to do and perform each and every act and thing necessary or desirable to be done in and about the premises, as fully to all intents and purposes as he or she might or could do in person, hereby ratifying and confirming all that said attorneys-in-fact and agents, or any of them, or their or his or her substitute or substitutes, may lawfully do or cause to be done by virtue hereof. 
 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the Registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 
 
 Signatures 
 Title 
 
 By: 
 /s/ Jeffrey W. Eckel 
 Chairman of the Board, President 
 February 21, 2023 Jeffrey W. Eckel 
 and Chief Executive Officer 
 (Principal Executive Officer) 
 By: 
 /s/ Jeffrey A. Lipson 
 Chief Financial Officer, Chief Operating February 21, 2023 Jeffrey A. Lipson 
 Officer and Executive Vice President (Principal Financial Officer) 
 By: 
 /s/ Charles W. Melko 
 Chief Accounting Officer, Treasurer and February 21, 2023 Charles W. Melko 
 Senior Vice President 
 (Principal Accounting Officer) 
 By: /s/ Lizabeth Ardisana February 21, 2023 Lizabeth Ardisana By: /s/ Clarence D. Armbrister February 21, 2023 Clarence D. Armbrister By: 
 /s/ Teresa M. Brenner 
 February 21, 2023 Teresa M. Brenner 
 By: 
 February 21, 2023 Michael T. Eckhart 
 By: 
 /s/ Nancy C. Floyd February 21, 2023 Nancy C. Floyd By: 
 /s/ Charles M. O Neil 
 February 21, 2023 Charles M. O Neil 
 
 - 126 - 

By: 
 /s/ Richard J. Osborne 
 February 21, 2023 Richard J. Osborne 
 By: 
 /s/ Steven G. Osgood 
 February 21, 2023 Steven G. Osgood 
 
 - 127 - 

<EX-10.30>
 2
 jeffreyeckel-employmentagr.htm
 EX-10.30

Document 

AMENDED AND RESTATED EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT 
 This AMENDED AND RESTATED EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT (this Agreement is executed and dated February 14, 2023, by and between HANNON ARMSTRONG SUSTAINABLE INFRASTRUCTURE CAPITAL, INC., a Maryland corporation (the Company ), and JEFFREY ECKEL, residing at the address set forth in the Company's records (the Executive ). 
 WHEREAS, the Company and the Executive have previously entered into that certain Employment Agreement dated April 23, 2013, under which the Executive serves as President, Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the Board of Directors (the Prior Employment Agreement and 
 WHEREAS, the Board of Directors of the Company (the Board and the Executive have mutually determined that the Executive's service to the Company as President and Chief Executive Officer shall discontinue, and the Executive shall be designated by the Board as Executive Chairman of the Board, in each case, effective as of March 1, 2023 (the Effective Date 
 WHEREAS, the Company and the Executive now desire to enter into a mutually satisfactory arrangement concerning, among other things, the Executive's service as Executive Chairman of the Board as of the Effective Date, post-employment restrictive covenants to which the Executive shall be subject, and other matters related thereto and 
 WHEREAS, effective as of the Effective Date, the Company and the Executive wish to amend and restate the Prior Employment Agreement in its entirety on the terms and conditions set forth herein. 
 NOW THEREFORE, in consideration of the mutual covenants contained herein and for other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which is hereby acknowledged, the parties hereto agree as follows 
 1. Appointment as Executive Chairman of the Board . Prior to the Effective Date, the Executive shall continue to be employed by the Company and hold the titles and serve as President and Chief Executive Officer of the Company, and the Executive shall continue to receive the salary and cash and non-cash benefits provided to the Executive under the Prior Employment Agreement, in each case in accordance with the terms and conditions of the Prior Employment Agreement. Effective as of the Effective Date, the Executive shall continue to be employed by the Company and hold the title and serve as Executive Chairman of the Board and shall cease to and hold the title and serve as the President and Chief Executive Officer. During the Term (as defined below), the Company shall nominate the Executive to serve as a director on the Board and its Chairman. 
 2. Term . The Company hereby agrees to continue to employ the Executive, and the Executive hereby accepts such employment, commencing as of the Effective Date and continuing for two years, unless such employment is otherwise terminated in accordance with the provisions of Section 5 or Section 6 herein (such period from the Effective Date until the second anniversary of the Effective Date, the Term ). Immediately following the completion of the Term, the Board shall designate the Executive as Non-Executive Chairman of the Board. 
 3. Duties . During the Term, the Executive shall be employed by the Company as Executive Chairman of the Board, and, as such, the Executive shall have such responsibilities and authority as are customary for an Executive Chairman of the Board of a company of similar 
 24005515808-v5 80-40750027 

size and nature as the Company, including (a) acting as Chairman of the Company's Board and stockholder meetings, (b) acting as a liaison between the Company's senior management and the Board and its committees, (c) advising the Company's senior management on matters of Company operations and (d) otherwise performing the duties of Chairman of the Board, as well as such other customary duties as may be reasonably determined and assigned by the Board. The Executive agrees to devote such time as is reasonably necessary to perform his duties to the Company as Executive Chairman provided , however , that the Executive shall be permitted to continue service as set forth in Exhibit A and, subject to the approval of the Board, that the Executive may serve on the boards of directors or trustees of any business corporations or charitable organizations and such service shall not be a violation of this Agreement. The Executive shall report directly to the Board. The Executive may perform his duties hereunder from the Executive's offices, from his residence or elsewhere, including at the Company's offices in Annapolis, Maryland. 
 4. Compensation . 
 1.1 Salary . During the Term, the Company shall pay the Executive a salary at the minimum rate of 412,500 per annum (the Annual Salary ), in accordance with the customary payroll practices of the Company applicable to senior executives from time to time. The Compensation Committee of the Board (the Compensation Committee shall review the Executive's Annual Salary in good faith on an annual basis and may provide for increases therein as it may in its sole discretion deem appropriate (such Annual Salary, once increased, shall constitute the Annual Salary hereunder). Once increased, the Annual Salary shall not thereafter be decreased. 
 1.2 Bonus . For each fiscal year during the Term, the Executive shall be eligible to receive a cash bonus with a target amount equal to at least 237 of his Annual Salary, subject to satisfaction of both Company and individual performance goals as determined by the Compensation Committee (each, an Annual Bonus ). The Compensation Committee may award the Executive an Annual Bonus in excess of the target amount if warranted under the applicable performance metrics. The Annual Bonuses shall be paid in the fiscal year following the fiscal year for which such bonuses are awarded, but in all events shall be paid no later than March 15 following the fiscal year to which such Annual Bonus relates. 
 1.3 Benefits - In General . During the Term, except with respect to benefits of a type otherwise provided for under Section 4.4, the Executive shall be provided with group life, hospitalization or disability insurance plans, health, dental and vision plans, equity incentive plans, long-term incentive programs, 401(k) and other retirement plans, fringe benefit programs and similar benefits, and perquisites that are consistent with the benefits and perquisites previously provided to the Executive as of the Effective Date. 
 1.4 Specific Benefits . Without limiting the generality of Section 4.3, the Executive shall be entitled to paid vacation pursuant to Company policy. During the Term (and, if Executive's employment is terminated during the Term due to his Disability or death, for the period after such termination of employment due to Disability or death as is necessary for Executive's Disability or death to be covered by the applicable policy) the Company shall maintain and pay the costs of (i) a long-term disability insurance policy for the Executive which would provide benefits to the Executive in an annual amount not less than 300 of the Executive's Annual Salary (the L-T Disability Policy and (ii) a term life insurance policy in the amount of 5,000,000 on the life of the Executive (the Term Life Insurance Policy ). The Executive shall be entitled to designate the beneficiaries of the L-T Disability Policy and the Term Life Insurance Policy provided, that in each case the insurance policies are available and can be procured on reasonable commercial terms. The Executive acknowledges and agrees that 
 24005515808-v5 - 2 - 
 80-40750027 

the benefits provided under both the L-T Disability Policy and the Term Life Insurance Policy will be offset by any similar insurance benefits provided under Sections 4.3, 5 or 6. 
 1.5 Equity Incentive Compensation . During the Term, notwithstanding anything to the contrary in any plan or award agreement or other governing document of the Company, all equity, equity-based and incentive awards previously granted by the Company to the Executive (including, without limitation, any equity or equity-based awards under the Company's equity incentive plans (the Equity Incentive Plans )) and outstanding as of the Effective Date shall continue to vest based on the Executive's continued service as Executive Chairman in accordance with the other terms and conditions of the Company's Equity Incentive Plans and the underlying award agreements, and the transition of the Executive's position from President and Chief Executive Officer to Executive Chairman shall not constitute a Termination of Service (as defined in the Equity Incentive Plans). On each of the Effective Date and on or around March 1, 2024, the Executive shall be eligible to participate in the Company s Equity Incentive Plan in effect at such time, based on a target value in the amount of 3,285,750 per year, which awards shall be subject to the vesting requirements for executives of the Company as set forth in the Long-Term Incentive Plan approved by the Board at such time. The Executive shall be eligible for additional regular annual grants of restricted stock, stock options or other awards under the Equity Incentive Plan on such terms and in such amounts (if any) as may be determined by the Compensation Committee in its sole discretion. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in any plan or award agreement or other governing document, (a) the Executive (or the Executive's estate or beneficiaries, as applicable) shall have the right to direct the Company or an affiliate to satisfy the minimum statutory tax withholding obligations arising with respect to such awards by withholding from the shares that would otherwise be delivered such number of shares having a fair market value equal to such minimum statutory tax withholding obligation and (b) the Executive (or the Executive's estate or beneficiaries, as applicable) shall be permitted to net exercise any stock options granted to Executive during the Term by the Company by directing the Company to withhold from the number of shares that would otherwise be issued upon exercise of the stock option such number of shares having a fair market value as of the date of exercise equal to the exercise price of the option plus the fair market value equal to any minimum statutory tax withholding obligation (or portion thereof that the Executive has elected to net exercise). 
 1.6 Expenses . The Company shall promptly pay or reimburse the Executive for all ordinary and reasonable out-of-pocket expenses actually incurred (and, in the case of reimbursement, paid) by the Executive during the Term in the performance of the Executive's services under this Agreement provided that the Executive documents such expenses with the properly completed forms as prescribed from time to time by the Company in accordance with the Company's policies, plans and or programs. The Company shall also promptly reimburse the Executive for all attorneys' fees and expenses incurred by Executive in connection with the negotiation of this Agreement (and any other documents or agreements contemplated hereby or thereby) in an amount not to exceed 75,000. 
 5. Termination upon Death or Disability . If the Executive dies during the Term, the Term shall terminate as of the date of death. If there is a good faith determination by the Board that the Executive has become physically or mentally incapable of performing his duties under the Agreement and such disability has disabled the Executive for a cumulative period of 180 days within any 12-month period (a Disability ), the Company shall have the right, to the extent permitted by law, to terminate the employment of the Executive upon notice in writing to the Executive. Upon termination of employment of the Executive due to his death or Disability, (i) the Executive (or the Executive's estate or beneficiaries in the case of the death of the Executive) shall be entitled to receive, in a lump sum payment (subject to Section 8.16 of this Agreement) within 30 days following Executive's termination of employment (x) any Annual Salary, Annual Bonus and other benefits earned and accrued under this Agreement but not yet 
 24005515808-v5 - 3 - 
 80-40750027 

paid prior to the date of termination, as well as any other amounts or benefits required by applicable law (and reimbursement under this Agreement for expenses incurred prior to the date of termination) (the Accrued Benefits and (y) a pro rata (based on the number of days employed in the fiscal year of termination) target Annual Bonus for the fiscal year in which his termination of employment occurs (ii) for a period of 24 months after termination of employment, such continuing medical benefits under the Company s health plans and programs applicable to senior executives of the Company generally as the Executive and or the Executive s eligible beneficiaries would have received under this Agreement (and at such costs to the Executive or the Executive s estate, as applicable) in the absence of such termination (but not taking into account any post-termination increases in Annual Salary that may otherwise have occurred without regard to such termination and that may have favorably affected such benefits) (or, if such continuation of subsidized coverage would violate Section 105(h) of the Code, the Company will make monthly payments to the Executive in an amount so that after payment of taxes on the payments, the Executive retains an amount equal to the monthly premium he is required to pay to continue the coverage) and (iii) all outstanding equity (or equity-based) incentives and awards held by Executive (or, in the case of his death, his estate and beneficiaries) shall vest and become free of restrictions and all stock options shall be exercisable in accordance with their terms and shall not expire prior to the first anniversary of the date of termination. 
 6. Certain Terminations of Employment . 
 1.1 Termination by the Company for Cause Termination by the Executive without Good Reason . 
 (a) For purposes of this Agreement, Cause shall mean, the Executive's 
 (i) conviction of, or plea of nolo contendere to, a felony involving moral turpitude, deceit, dishonesty or fraud (but excluding traffic violations) that is materially injurious to the business or reputation of the Company 
 (ii) willful and material misconduct in connection with the performance of his duties, including, without limitation, embezzlement or the misappropriation of funds or property of the Company 
 (iii) failure to adhere to the lawful directions of the Board, which continues for a period of 30 business days after written demand for corrective action is delivered by the Company or 
 (iv) material breach of (x) any covenant contained in Section 7 of this Agreement or (y) the other terms and provisions of this Agreement and, in each case, failure to cure such breach (if curable) within ten days following written notice from the Company specifying such breach 
 provided that the Company shall not be permitted to terminate the Executive for Cause except on written notice given to the Executive at any time within 30 days following the occurrence of any of the events described above (or, if later, the Company's knowledge thereof). Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, the Executive shall not be deemed to have been terminated for Cause unless and until there shall have been delivered to the Executive a copy of a resolution duly adopted by the affirmative vote of not less than a majority of the Board at a meeting of the Board called and held for such purposes (after reasonable notice to the Executive and an opportunity for him, together with his counsel, to be heard before the Board), finding that in the good faith opinion of the Board after reasonable investigation that the Executive has engaged in acts or omissions constituting Cause. 
 24005515808-v5 - 4 - 
 80-40750027 

(b) The Company may terminate the Executive's employment hereunder for Cause on at least ten days' notice, and the Executive may terminate his employment with or without Good Reason on at least 30 days' written notice. If the Company terminates the Executive for Cause, or the Executive terminates his employment and the termination by the Executive is not otherwise covered by Section 5 or 6.2, or the Term expires, the Executive shall receive the Accrued Benefits in a lump sum payment (subject to Section 8.16 of this Agreement) within 30 days following Executive's termination of employment. 
 1.2 Termination by the Company without Cause Termination by the Executive for Good Reason . 
 (a) For purposes of this Agreement, Good Reason shall mean the following, unless consented to by the Executive 
 (i) any adverse change in job title or material diminution in the Executive's roles and responsibilities with respect to the Company's overall business, from those set forth in this Agreement (including, without limitation, the Executive no longer being the Chairman of the Board, the Executive no longer being a director on the Board, the Executive no longer reporting directly to the Board or assignment of duties inconsistent with such position) 
 (ii) any reduction in the Executive's Annual Salary or Annual Bonus potential or failure to promptly pay such amounts when due or 
 (iii) a material breach by the Company of this Agreement or any other material agreement between the Executive and the Company. 
 Each of the above events (i) (iii) shall constitute Good Reason only if the relevant event is not cured by the Company within 30 days after receipt of a written notice from the Executive detailing the specific event alleged to constitute Good Reason, and provided, further , that the Executive must provide such written notice within 30 days following Executive s initial knowledge of the existence of an event constituting Good Reason, and must terminate employment within 30 business days following the end of such 30 day cure period (if the event constituting Good Reason has not been cured during that period) or the occurrence of such event shall be deemed waived for purposes of forming the basis of a Good Reason termination of employment under this Agreement. 
 (b) The Company may terminate the Executive's employment at any time for any reason or no reason. The Executive may terminate the Executive's employment with the Company at any time for any reason or no reason. No severance should be due the Executive upon an expiration of the Term. If (x) the Company terminates the Executive's employment and the termination is not covered by Section 5 or 6.1, or (y) the Executive terminates his employment for Good Reason, then in exchange for the Executive's covenants and agreements set forth in Section 7.1(a), (i) the Executive shall be entitled to receive, in a lump sum payment (subject to Section 8.16 of this Agreement) on the 30 th day following the Executive's termination of employment, (A) the Accrued Benefits, (B) an amount equal to the sum of (x) the Executive's Annual Salary plus (y) an amount equal to the greater of (1) the Executive's average Annual Bonus actually received in respect of the three fiscal years (or such fewer number of fiscal years with respect to which Executive received an Annual Bonus) prior to the year of termination and (2) the Executive's target Annual Bonus for the fiscal year in which such termination of employment occurs plus (C) a pro-rata (based on the target Annual Bonus that the Executive could have earned for the fiscal year in which his termination occurs and the number of days employed in the fiscal year of termination) Annual Bonus for the year in which his termination occurs (ii) for a period of 24 months after termination of employment, such continuing medical benefits under the Company's health plans and programs applicable to senior 
 24005515808-v5 - 5 - 
 80-40750027 

executives of the Company generally as the Executive would have received under this Agreement (and at such costs to the Executive) in the absence of such termination (but not taking into account any post-termination increases in Annual Salary that may otherwise have occurred without regard to such termination and that may have affected such benefits) (or, if such continuation of subsidized coverage would be taxable under Section 105(h) of the Code, the Company will make monthly payments to the Executive in an amount so that after payment of taxes on the payments, the Executive retains an amount equal to the monthly premium he is required to pay to continue the coverage) (iii) all outstanding equity (or equity-based) incentives and awards held by the Executive shall thereupon vest and become free of restrictions and all stock options shall be exercisable in accordance with their terms and shall not expire prior to the first anniversary of the date of termination. 
 (c) Notwithstanding clause 6.2(b)(ii), (i) nothing herein shall restrict the ability of the Company to amend or terminate the health and welfare plans and programs referred to in such clause 6.2(b)(ii) from time to time in its sole discretion provided that any such amendments or termination are made applicable generally on the same terms to all actively employed senior executives of the Company and does not result in a proportionately greater reduction in the rights of or benefits to the Executive compared with any other officers of the Company, but the Company may not reduce benefits already earned and accrued by, but not yet paid to, the Executive and (ii) the Company shall in no event be required to provide any benefits otherwise required by such clause 6.2(b)(ii) after such time as the Executive becomes entitled to receive benefits of the same type and at least as favorable to the Executive from another employer or recipient of the Executive's services (such entitlement being determined without regard to any individual waivers or other similar arrangements). 
 (d) Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement, the Company shall not be required to make the payments and provide the benefits provided for under Section 6.2(b) unless the Executive executes and delivers to the Company a waiver and release substantially in the form attached hereto as Exhibit B hereto and such waiver and release becomes effective and irrevocable within 30 days following the date of termination provided that the Company shall have provided the Executive with such waiver and release within ten business days following the Executive's termination of employment. 
 (e) No Mitigation . The Company agrees that, if the Executive's employment is terminated during the Term, the Executive is not required to seek other employment or to attempt in any way to reduce any amounts payable to the Executive by the Company hereunder. 
 7. Covenants of the Executive . 
 1.1 Covenant Against Competition Other Covenants . The Executive acknowledges that (i) the principal business of the Company (which expressly includes for purposes of this Section 7 (and any related enforcement provisions hereof), its successors and assigns) is to provide debt and equity financing for sustainable infrastructure projects that increase energy efficiency, provide cleaner energy sources, positively impact the environment and make more efficient use of natural resources (such businesses, and any and all other businesses in which, at the time of the Executive's termination, the Company is actively and regularly engaged or actively pursuing, herein being collectively referred to as the Business (ii) the Company is one of the limited number of persons who have developed such a business (iii) the Company's Business is national in scope (iv) the Executive's work for the Company has given and will continue to give him access to the confidential affairs and proprietary information of the Company (v) the covenants and agreements of the Executive contained in this Section 7 are essential to the business and goodwill of the Company and (vi) the Company would not have entered into this Agreement but for the covenants and agreements set forth in this Section 7. 
 24005515808-v5 - 6 - 
 80-40750027 

Further, in consideration of Executive's continued employment with the Company, access to the Company's trade secrets, confidential information, customer and other business relationships, the benefits provided hereunder in Sections 4 and 6.2(b), and other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which is hereby acknowledged, the parties, intending to be legally bound, the Executive hereby agree as follows 
 (a) If (x) the Company terminates the Executive's employment and the termination is not covered by Section 5 or 6.1, or (y) the Executive terminates his employment for Good Reason, then by and in consideration of the payments and benefits to be provided by the Company pursuant to Section 6.2(b), the Executive covenants and agrees that, during the period commencing on the date upon which the Executive shall cease to be an employee of the Company and its affiliates and ending on the date 24 months after such commencement (the Restricted Period ), he shall not in the Restricted Territory (as defined below), directly or indirectly, whether as an owner, partner, shareholder, principal, agent, employee, consultant or in any other relationship or capacity, (i) engage in the Business (other than for the Company or its affiliates) or otherwise compete with the Company or its affiliates in the Business or (ii) render to a person, corporation, partnership or other entity engaged in the Business the same services that the Executive renders to the Company provided , however , that , notwithstanding the foregoing, (A) the Executive may invest in securities of any entity, solely for investment purposes and without participating in the business thereof, if (x) such securities are listed on any national securities exchange, (y) the Executive is not a controlling person of, or a member of a group which controls, such entity, and (z) the Executive does not, directly or indirectly, own 5 or more of any class of securities of such entity and (B) the Executive may continue to serve on any board of directors on which the Executive was serving as of the date of the Executive's termination of employment and (C) the Executive may be employed by or provide services for a company (a Conglomerate with multiple lines of businesses, including a line of business competitive with the Company, so long as the following conditions are satisfied (w) the Conglomerate derives less than ten percent (10 of its total annual revenue from the line of business that is competitive with the Company (the Competitive Division ), (x) the Executive is employed by or provides services to a line of business of Conglomerate that is not competitive with the Company and (y) the Executive does not perform services for the Competitive Division and (z) the Executive (A) provides the Company with advance notice of such employment or service and (B) informs the Conglomerate in writing of its obligations under this Section 7. 
 For purposes of this Agreement, the Restricted Territory shall mean any (i) state in the United States and (ii) foreign country or jurisdiction, in the case of clause (i) or (ii), in which the Company (x) is actively conducting the Business during the Term or (y) has initiated a plan adopted by the Board during the Term to conduct the Business in the two years following the Term. 
 (b) During and after the Term, the Executive shall keep secret and retain in strictest confidence, and shall not use for his benefit or the benefit of others, except in connection with the business and affairs of the Company and its affiliates, all non-public confidential matters relating to the Company's Business and the business of any of its affiliates and to the Company and any of its affiliates, learned by the Executive heretofore or hereafter directly or indirectly from the Company or any of its affiliates (the Confidential Company Information ), and shall not disclose such Confidential Company Information to anyone outside of the Company except in the course of his duties as President and Chief Executive Officer or with the Board's express written consent and except for Confidential Company Information which is at the time of receipt or thereafter becomes publicly known through no wrongful act of the Executive or is received from a third party not under an obligation to keep such information confidential and without breach of this Agreement or which is independently developed or obtained by the Executive without reliance upon any confidential information of the Company or 
 24005515808-v5 - 7 - 
 80-40750027 

use of any Company resources. Notwithstanding anything in this agreement to the contrary, the Executive may disclose Confidential Company Information where the Executive is required to do so by law, regulation, court order, subpoena, summons or other valid legal process provided that the Executive first (i) promptly notifies the Company, (ii) uses commercially reasonable efforts to consult with the Company with respect to and in advance of the disclosure thereof, and (iii) reasonably cooperates with the Company to narrow the scope of the disclosure required to be made, in each case, solely at the Company's expense. 
 (c) The Executive is hereby notified that 18 U.S.C. 1833(b) states as follows An individual shall not be held criminally or civilly liable under any Federal or State trade secret law for the disclosure of a trade secret that (i) is made (A) in confidence to a Federal, State, or local government official, either directly or indirectly, or to an attorney and (B) solely for the purpose of reporting or investigating a suspected violation of law or (ii) is made in a complaint or other document filed in a lawsuit or other proceeding, if such filing is made under seal. Accordingly, notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement to the contrary, the Executive has the right to (x) disclose in confidence trade secrets to federal, state, and local government officials, or to an attorney, for the sole purpose of reporting or investigating a suspected violation of the law or (y) disclose trade secrets in a document filed in a lawsuit or other proceeding so long as that filing is made under seal and protected from public disclosure. Nothing in this Agreement is intended to conflict with 18 U.S.C. 1833(b) or create liability for disclosures of trade secrets that are expressly allowed by 18 U.S.C. 1833(b). 
 (d) The Executive understands that nothing contained in this Agreement limits the Executive s ability to file a charge or complaint with the Equal Employment Opportunity Commission, the National Labor Relations Board, the Securities and Exchange Commission or any other federal, state or local governmental agency or commission (each, a Government Agency ). The Executive further understands that this Agreement does not limit the Executive s ability to communicate with any Government Agency or with the Executive s attorney, including to report possible violations of federal law or regulation or making other disclosures that are protected under the whistleblower provisions of federal law or regulation, or otherwise participate in any investigation or proceeding that may be conducted by any Government Agency, including providing documents or other information, without notice to the Company. 
 (e) During the Restricted Period, the Executive shall not, without the Company's prior written consent, directly or indirectly, (i) solicit or encourage to leave the employment or other service of the Company or any of its subsidiaries, any person or entity who is or was during the six-month period preceding the Executive's termination of employment, an employee, agent or independent contractor of the Company or any of its subsidiaries. During the Restricted Period, the Executive shall not, whether for his own account or for the account of any other person, firm, corporation or other business organization, solicit for a competing business or intentionally interfere with the Company's or any of its subsidiaries' relationship with, or endeavor to entice away from the Company for a competing business, any person who is or was during the six month period preceding the Executive's termination of employment, a customer, client, agent, or independent contractor of the Company or any of its subsidiaries. For purposes hereof, customer and client , as such terms relate to government customers, mean the program office to which the Company is or was providing any goods or services as of the date hereof or during the one-year period prior to the date hereof. 
 (f) All memoranda, notes, lists, records, property and any other tangible product and documents (and all copies thereof), whether visually perceptible, machine-readable or otherwise, made, produced or compiled by the Executive or made available to the Executive containing Confidential Company Information (i) shall at all times be the property of the Company (and, as applicable, any affiliates) and shall be delivered to the Company at any 
 24005515808-v5 - 8 - 
 80-40750027 

time upon its request, and (ii) upon the Executive's termination of employment, shall be promptly returned to the Company. This Section 7.1 shall not apply to materials that the Executive possessed prior to his business relationship with the Company, to the Executive's personal effects and documents, and to materials prepared by the Executive for the purposes of seeking legal or other professional advice. 
 (g) At no time during the Executive's employment by the Company or at any time thereafter shall the Executive, on one hand, or the Company or any of its subsidiaries, on the other hand, publish any statement or make any statement under circumstances reasonably likely to become public that is critical of the other party, or in any way otherwise be materially injurious to the Business or reputation of the other party, unless otherwise required by applicable law or regulation or by judicial order. 
 1.2 Rights and Remedies upon Breach . 
 (a) The parties hereto acknowledge and agree that any breach of any of the provisions of Section 7.1 or any subparts thereof (individually or collectively, the Restrictive Covenants may result in irreparable injury and damage for which money damages would not provide an adequate remedy. Therefore, if the either party breaches, or threatens to commit a breach of, any of the provisions of Section 7.1 or any subpart thereof, the other party and its affiliates, in addition to, and not in lieu of, any other rights and remedies available to the other party and its affiliates under law or in equity (including, without limitation, the recovery of damages), shall have the right and remedy to seek to have the Restrictive Covenants or other obligations herein specifically enforced (without posting bond and without the need to prove damages) by any court having equity jurisdiction, including, without limitation, the right to an entry of restraining orders and injunctions (preliminary, mandatory, temporary and permanent) against violations, threatened or actual, and whether or not then continuing, of such covenants. 
 (b) The Executive agrees that the provisions of Section 7.1 of this Agreement and each subsection thereof are reasonably necessary for the protection of the Company's legitimate business interests and if enforced, will not prevent the Executive from obtaining gainful employment should his employment with the Company end. The Executive agrees that in any action seeking specific performance or other equitable relief, the Executive will not assert or contend that any of the provisions of this Section 7 are unreasonable or otherwise unenforceable as drafted. The existence of any claim or cause of action by the Executive, whether predicated on this Agreement or otherwise, shall not constitute a defense to the enforcement of the Restrictive Covenants. 
 8. Other Provisions . 
 1.1 Severability . The Executive acknowledges and agrees that (i) he has had an opportunity to seek advice of counsel in connection with this Agreement and (ii) the Restrictive Covenants are reasonable in geographical and temporal scope and in all other respects as drafted. If it is determined that any of the provisions of this Agreement, including, without limitation, any of the Restrictive Covenants, or any part thereof, is invalid or unenforceable, the remainder of the provisions of this Agreement shall not thereby be affected and shall be given full effect, without regard to the invalid portions. 
 1.2 Duration and Scope of Covenants . If any court or other decision-maker of competent jurisdiction determines that any of the Executive's covenants contained in this Agreement, including, without limitation, any of the Restrictive Covenants, or any part thereof, is unenforceable because of the duration or geographical scope of such provision, then the duration or scope of such provision, as the case may be, shall be reduced so that such provision 
 24005515808-v5 - 9 - 
 80-40750027 

becomes enforceable and, in its reduced form, such provision shall then be enforceable and shall be enforced. 
 1.3 Enforceability Jurisdiction Arbitration . 
 (a) The Company and the Executive intend to and hereby confer jurisdiction to enforce the Restrictive Covenants set forth in Section 7 upon the courts of any jurisdiction within the geographical scope of the Restrictive Covenants. If it is determined by a court of competent jurisdiction in any state that any restriction in the Section 7 is excessive in duration or scope or is unreasonable or unenforceable under applicable law, it is the intention of the parties that such restriction may be modified or amended by the court to render it enforceable to the maximum extent permitted by the laws of that state. If the courts of any one or more of such jurisdictions hold the Restrictive Covenants wholly unenforceable by reason of breadth of scope or otherwise it is the intention of the Company and the Executive that such determination not bar or in any way affect the Company's right, or the right of any of its affiliates, to the relief provided above in the courts of any other jurisdiction within the geographical scope of such Restrictive Covenants, as to breaches of such Restrictive Covenants in such other respective jurisdictions, such Restrictive Covenants as they relate to each jurisdiction's being, for this purpose, severable, diverse and independent covenants, subject, where appropriate, to the doctrine of res judicata. The parties hereby agree to waive any right to a trial by jury for any and all disputes hereunder (whether or not relating to the Restricted Covenants). 
 (b) Any controversy or claim arising out of or relating to this Agreement or the breach of this Agreement (other than a controversy or claim arising under Section 7, to the extent necessary for the Company (or its affiliates, where applicable) to avail itself of the rights and remedies referred to in Section 7.2) that is not resolved by the Executive and the Company (or its affiliates, where applicable) shall be submitted to arbitration in Maryland in accordance with Maryland law and the employment arbitration rules and procedures of the American Arbitration Association, before an arbitrator experienced in employment disputes who is licensed to practice law in the State of Maryland. The determination of the arbitrator shall be conclusive and binding on the Company (or its affiliates, where applicable) and the Executive and judgment may be entered on the arbitrator(s)' award in any court having jurisdiction. The arbitration shall be held in Annapolis, Maryland. 
 1.4 Notices . Any notice or other communication required or permitted hereunder shall be in writing and shall be delivered personally, sent by facsimile transmission or sent by certified, registered or express mail, or overnight courier, postage prepaid. Any such notice shall be deemed given when so delivered personally, sent by facsimile transmission or, if mailed, five days after the date of deposit in the United States mails as follows 
 (a) If to the Company, to 
 Hannon Armstrong Sustainable Infrastructure Capital, Inc. One Park Place Suite 200 Annapolis, Maryland 21401 Attention The Office of the Chief Legal Officer 
 with a copy to 
 Clifford Chance US LLP 31 West 52nd Street New York, New York 10019-6131 Attention Andrew Epstein and Paul Koppel 
 24005515808-v5 - 10 - 
 80-40750027 

(b) If to the Executive, to the address in the records of the Company with a copy to 
 King & Spalding LLP 1650 Tysons Boulevard, Suite 400 McLean, Virginia 22102 Attention Lawrence T. Yanowitch Jeremy M. Schropp 
 Any such person may by notice given in accordance with this Section 8.4 to the other parties hereto designate another address or person for receipt by such person of notices hereunder. 
 1.5 Entire Agreement . Effective as of the Effective Date, this Agreement, together with the Indemnification Agreement previously entered into between the Company and the Executive, and the equity and equity-based award agreements previously entered into between the Company and the Executive, and the equity awards and equity-based award agreements referenced in Section 4.5, contain the entire agreement between the parties with respect to the subject matter hereof and supersedes all prior agreements, written or oral, with respect thereto, including, without limitation, the Prior Employment Agreement. 
 1.6 Waivers and Amendments . This Agreement may be amended, superseded, canceled, renewed or extended, and the terms hereof may be waived, only by a written instrument signed by the parties or, in the case of a waiver, by the party waiving compliance. Except as expressly provided herein, no delay on the part of any party in exercising any right, power or privilege hereunder shall operate as a waiver thereof, nor shall any waiver on the part of any party of any such right, power or privilege nor any single or partial exercise of any such right, power or privilege, preclude any other or further exercise thereof or the exercise of any other such right, power or privilege. 
 1.7 GOVERNING LAW . THIS AGREEMENT SHALL BE GOVERNED BY AND CONSTRUED IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE LAWS OF THE STATE OF MARYLAND WITHOUT REGARD TO ANY PRINCIPLES OF CONFLICTS OF LAW WHICH COULD CAUSE THE APPLICATION OF THE LAWS OF ANY JURISDICTION OTHER THAN THE STATE OF MARYLAND. 
 1.8 Assignment . This Agreement, and the Executive's rights and obligations hereunder, may not be assigned by the Executive any purported assignment by the Executive in violation hereof shall be null and void. Except as otherwise provided by operation of law, in the event of any sale, transfer or other disposition of all or substantially all of the Company's assets or business, whether by merger, consolidation or otherwise, the Company may assign this Agreement and its rights hereunder provided that the successor or purchaser agrees, as a condition of such transaction, to assume all of the Company's obligations hereunder. 
 1.9 Withholding . The Company shall be entitled to withhold from any payments or deemed payments any amount of tax withholding it determines to be required by law. 
 1.10 Binding Effect . This Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the parties and their respective successors, permitted assigns, heirs, executors and legal representatives. 
 1.11 Counterparts . This Agreement may be executed by the parties hereto in separate counterparts, each of which when so executed and delivered shall be an original but all 
 24005515808-v5 - 11 - 
 80-40750027 

such counterparts together shall constitute one and the same instrument. Each counterpart may consist of two copies hereof each signed by one of the parties hereto. 
 1.12 Survival . Anything contained in this Agreement to the contrary notwithstanding, the provisions of Sections 5, 6, 7, and 8, shall survive any termination of the Executive's employment hereunder and continue in full force until performance of the obligations thereunder, if any, in accordance with their respective terms. 
 1.13 Existing Agreements . The Executive represents to the Company that he is not subject or a party to any employment or consulting agreement, non-competition covenant or other agreement, covenant or understanding (excluding the Prior Employment Agreement) which might prohibit him from executing this Agreement or limit his ability to fulfill his responsibilities hereunder. 
 1.14 Headings . The headings in this Agreement are for reference only and shall not affect the interpretation of this Agreement. 
 1.15 Parachute Payments . If there is a change in ownership or control of the Company that would cause any payment or distribution by the Company or any other person or entity to the Executive or for the Executive's benefit (whether paid or payable or distributed or distributable pursuant to the terms of this Agreement or otherwise) (a Payment to be subject to the excise tax imposed by Section 4999 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the Code (such excise tax, together with any interest or penalties incurred by the Executive with respect to such excise tax, the Excise Tax ), then the Executive will receive the greatest of the following, whichever gives the Executive the highest net after-tax amount (after taking into account federal, state, local and social security taxes) (a) the Payments or (b) one dollar less than the amount of the Payments that would subject the Executive to the Excise Tax (the Safe Harbor Amount ). If a reduction in the Payments is necessary so that the Payments equal the Safe Harbor Amount and none of the Payments constitutes non-qualified deferred compensation (within the meaning of Section 409A of the Code), then the reduction shall occur in the manner the Executive elects in writing prior to the date of payment. If any Payment constitutes non-qualified deferred compensation or if the Executive fails to elect an order, then the Payments to be reduced will be determined in a manner which has the least economic cost to the Executive and, to the extent the economic cost is equivalent, will be reduced in the inverse order of when payment would have been made to the Executive, until the reduction is achieved. All determinations required to be made under this Section 8.15, including whether and when the Safe Harbor Amount is required and the amount of the reduction of the Payments and the assumptions to be utilized in arriving at such determination, shall be made by a certified public accounting firm designated by the Company (the Accounting Firm ). All fees and expenses of the Accounting Firm shall be borne solely by the Company. Any determination by the Accounting Firm shall be binding upon Company and the Executive. 
 1.16 Section 409A Compliance . Any payments under this Agreement that are deemed to be deferred compensation subject to the requirements of Section 409A of the Code are intended to comply with the requirements of Section 409A and this Agreement shall be interpreted accordingly. To this end and notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement to the contrary, if at the time of the Executive's termination of employment with the Company, (i) the Company's securities are publicly traded on an established securities market (ii) Executive is a specified employee (as defined in Section 409A) and (iii) the deferral of the commencement of any payments or benefits otherwise payable pursuant to this Agreement as a result of such termination of employment is necessary in order to prevent any accelerated or additional tax under Section 409A, then the Company will defer the commencement of such payments (without any reduction in amount ultimately paid or provided to the Executive) that are not paid within the short-term deferral rule under Section 409A (and any regulations thereunder) 
 24005515808-v5 - 12 - 
 80-40750027 

or within the involuntary separation exemption of Treasury Regulation 1.409A-1(b)(9)(iii). Such deferral shall last until the date that is six months following the Executive's termination of employment with the Company (or the earliest date as is permitted under Section 409A). Any amounts the payment of which are so deferred shall be paid in a lump sum payment within 10 days after the end of such deferral period. If the Executive dies during the deferral period prior to the payment of any deferred amount, then the unpaid deferred amount shall be paid to the personal representative of the Executive's estate within 60 days after the date of the Executive's death. For purposes of Section 409A, the Executive's right to receive installment payments pursuant to this Agreement including, without limitation, each COBRA (Consolidated Omnibus Budget Reconciliation Act) continuation reimbursement shall be treated as a right to receive a series of separate and distinct payments. The Executive will be deemed to have a date of termination for purposes of determining the timing of any payments or benefits hereunder that are classified as deferred compensation only upon a separation from service within the meaning of Section 409A. Any amount that the Executive is entitled to be reimbursed under this Agreement will be reimbursed to the Executive as promptly as practical and in any event not later than the last day of the calendar year after the calendar year in which the expenses are incurred, any right to reimbursement or in kind benefits will not be subject to liquidation or exchange for another benefit, and the amount of the expenses eligible for reimbursement during any taxable year will not affect the amount of expenses eligible for reimbursement in any other taxable year. Whenever a payment under this Agreement specifies a payment period with reference to a number of days (e.g., payment shall be made within 30 days following the date of termination ), the actual date of payment within the specified period shall be within the sole discretion of the Company. 
 The parties agree to consider any amendments or modifications to this Agreement or any other compensation arrangement between the parties, as reasonably requested by the other party, that is necessary to cause such agreement or arrangement to comply with Section 409A (or an exception thereto), provided that such proposed amendment or modification does not change the economics of the agreement or arrangement and does not provide for any additional cost to either party. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the parties will not be obligated to make any amendment or modification and the Company makes no representation or warranty with respect to compliance with Section 409A and shall have no liability to the Executive or any other person if any provision of this Agreement or such other arrangement are determined to constitute deferred compensation subject to Section 409A that does not satisfy an exemption from, or the conditions of, such Section. 
 8.17 Clawback . To the extent required by applicable law or any applicable securities exchange listing standards, amounts paid or payable pursuant to this Agreement shall be subject to the provisions of any clawback policy implemented by the Company, which clawback policy may provide for forfeiture, repurchase or recoupment of amounts paid or payable pursuant to this Agreement. 
 
 24005515808-v5 - 13 - 
 80-40750027 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have signed their names as of the day and year first above written. 
 HANNON ARMSTRONG SUSTAINABLE INFRASTRUCTURE CAPITAL, INC. 
 By s Katherine McGregor Dent Name Katherine McGregor Dent Title Chief Human Resources Officer 
 s Jeffrey Eckel 
 JEFFREY ECKEL 
 24005515808-v5 80-40750027 

EXHIBIT A 
 1. Member of the Board of the Nature Conservancy of Maryland and DC 
 24005515808-v5 Exh. A-1 
 80-40750027 

EXHIBIT B 
 RELEASE OF CLAIMS AGREEMENT 
 Form of Waiver and Release 
 
 This Waiver and General Release of all Claims (this Agreement is entered into by Jeffrey Eckel (the Executive and Hannon Armstrong Sustainable Infrastructure Capital, Inc., a Maryland corporation (the Company ), effective as of DATE (the Effective Date ). 
 In consideration of the promises set forth in the Amended and Restated Employment Agreement between the Executive and the Company, dated , 2023 (the Employment Agreement ), the Executive and the Company agree as follows 
 1. General Releases and Waivers of Claims . 
 (a) Executive's Release of Company . In consideration of the payments and benefits provided to the Executive under Section 6.2(b) of the Employment Agreement and after consultation with counsel, the Executive (or his estate, as applicable) hereby irrevocably and unconditionally releases and forever discharges the Company and its past, present and future parent entities, subsidiaries, divisions, affiliates and related business entities, any of its or their successors and assigns, assets, employee benefit plans or funds, and any of its or their respective past, present and or future directors, officers, fiduciaries, agents, trustees, administrators, managers, supervisors, stockholders, employees and assigns, whether acting on behalf of the Company or in their individual capacities (collectively, Company Parties from any and all claims, actions, causes of action, rights, judgments, obligations, damages, demands, accountings or liabilities of whatever kind or character (collectively, Claims ), including, without limitation, any Claims under any federal, state, local or foreign law, that the Executive 
 24005515808-v5 Exh. B-1 
 80-40750027 

(or his estate, as applicable) may have, or in the future may possess, arising out of the Executive's employment relationship with and service as an employee, officer or director of the Company, and the termination of such relationship or service provided , however , that the Executive (or his estate, as applicable) does not release, discharge or waive (A) any rights to payments and benefits provided under the Employment Agreement, (B) any right the Executive (or his estate, as applicable) may have to enforce this Agreement, the Award Agreements or the Employment Agreement, (C) the Executive s rights under the Indemnification Agreement and rights to indemnification and advancement of expenses in accordance with the Company s certificate of incorporation, bylaws or other corporate governance document, or any applicable insurance policy, (D) any claims for benefits under any employee benefit or pension plan of the Company Parties subject to the terms and conditions of such plan and applicable law including, without limitation, any such claims under the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, or (E) any right or claim that the Executive (or his estate, as applicable) may have to obtain contributions as permitted by applicable law in an action in which both the Executive on the one hand or any Company Party on the other hand are held jointly liable. 
 (b) Executive's Specific Release of ADEA Claims . In further consideration of the payments and benefits provided to the Executive under Section 6.2(b) of the Employment Agreement, the Executive hereby unconditionally release and forever discharge the Company Parties from any and all Claims that the Executive may have as of the date the Executive signs this Agreement arising under the Federal Age Discrimination in Employment Act of 1967, as amended, and the applicable rules and regulations promulgated thereunder ADEA ). By signing this Agreement, the Executive hereby acknowledges and confirms the following (i) the Executive was advised by the Company in connection with his termination to consult with an 
 24005515808-v5 Exh. B-2 
 80-40750027 

attorney of his choice prior to signing this Agreement and to have such attorney explain to the Executive the terms of this Agreement, including, without limitation, the terms relating to the Executive s release of claims arising under ADEA, and the Executive has been given the opportunity to do so (ii) the Executive was given a period of not fewer than 21 days to consider the terms of this Agreement and to consult with an attorney of his choosing with respect thereto and (iii) the Executive knowingly and voluntarily accepts the terms of this Agreement. The Executive also understands that he has seven days following the date on which he signs this Agreement within which to revoke the release contained in this paragraph, by providing the Company a written notice of his revocation of the release and waiver contained in this paragraph. 
 (c) No Assignment . The Executive (or his estate, as applicable) represents and warrants that he has not assigned any of the Claims being released under this Agreement. 
 2. Waiver of Relief . The Executive (or his estate, as applicable) acknowledges and agrees that by virtue of the foregoing, the Executive (or his estate, as applicable) has waived any relief available to him it (including without limitation, monetary damages and equitable relief, and reinstatement) under any of the Claims waived in paragraph 2. Therefore the Executive (or his estate, as applicable) agrees that he it will not accept any award or settlement from any source or proceeding (including but not limited to any proceeding brought by any other person or by any government agency) with respect to any Claim or right waived in this Agreement. Nothing in this Agreement shall be construed to prevent the Executive (or his estate, as applicable) from cooperating with or participating in an investigation conducted by, any governmental agency, to the extent required or permitted by law. 
 24005515808-v5 Exh. B-3 
 80-40750027 

3. Severability Clause . In the event any provision or part of this Agreement is found to be invalid or unenforceable, only that particular provision or part so found, and not the entire Agreement, will be inoperative. 
 4. Non-admission . Nothing contained in this Agreement will be deemed or construed as an admission of wrongdoing or liability on the part of the Company or any other Company Party or the Executive. 
 5. Governing Law . All matters affecting this Agreement, including the validity thereof, are to be governed by, and interpreted and construed in accordance with, the laws of the State of Maryland applicable to contracts executed in and to be performed in that State. 
 6. Arbitration . Any dispute or controversy arising under or in connection with this Agreement shall be resolved in accordance with Section 8.3 of the Employment Agreement. 
 7. Notices . All notices or communications hereunder shall be made in accordance with Section 8.4 of the Employment Agreement. 
 24005515808-v5 Exh. B-4 
 80-40750027 

THE EXECUTIVE (OR HIS ESTATE, AS APPLICABLE) ACKNOWLEDGES THAT HE HAS READ THIS AGREEMENT AND THAT HE IT FULLY KNOWS, UNDERSTANDS AND APPRECIATES ITS CONTENTS, AND THAT HE IT HEREBY EXECUTES THE SAME AND MAKES THIS AGREEMENT AND THE RELEASE AND AGREEMENTS PROVIDED FOR HEREIN VOLUNTARILY AND OF HIS ITS OWN FREE WILL. 

JEFFREY ECKEL 
 
 Date 

HANNON ARMSTRONG 
 SUSTAINABLE INFRASTRUCTURE CAPITAL, INC. 

By 
 Name 
 Title 
 24005515808-v5 Exh. B-5 
 80-40750027 

</EX-10.30>

<EX-10.31>
 3
 jeffreylipson-employmentag.htm
 EX-10.31

Document 

EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT 
 EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT (this Agreement is dated February 14, 2023, by and between Hannon Armstrong Sustainable Infrastructure Capital, Inc., a Maryland corporation (the Company ), and Jeffrey A. Lipson, residing at the address set forth in the Company's records (the Executive ). 
 WHEREAS, the Company and the Executive previously entered into a Second Amended and Restated Employment Agreement dated June 30, 2021, under which the Executive has been employed as Executive Vice President, Chief Operating Officer, and Chief Financial Officer of the Company and 
 WHEREAS, the Company desires to employ Executive as President and Chief Executive Officer who shall report directly to the Board of Directors. 
 NOW THEREFORE, in consideration of the mutual covenants contained herein and for other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which is hereby acknowledged, the parties hereto agree as follows 
 1. Term . Commencing on March 1, 2023, the Company hereby employs the Executive, and the Executive hereby accepts such employment, unless and until terminated in accordance with the provisions of Section 4 or Section 5 with such employment to continue until either party notifies the other party in writing of its intention not to continue such employment in accordance with the provisions of Section 5 (such term shall hereinafter be referred to as the Term ). 
 2. Duties . During the Term, the Executive shall be employed by the Company as the President and Chief Executive Officer of the Company, which shall be the senior-most executive officer of the Company, and, as such, the Executive shall have such responsibilities and authority as are customary for Chief Executive Officer of a company of similar size and nature as the Company and shall faithfully perform for the Company the duties of each such office and shall report directly to the Board of Directors of the Company (the Board ). During the Term, the Company shall nominate the Executive to serve as a member of the Board. The Executive shall devote substantially all of his business time and effort to the performance of his duties hereunder provided , however , that the Executive shall be permitted to continue service as set forth in Exhibit A and, subject to the approval of the Board, that the Executive may serve on the boards of directors or trustees of any business corporations or charitable organizations and such service shall not be a violation of this Agreement, provided that such other activities do not materially interfere with the performance of the Executive's duties hereunder. 
 3. Compensation & Benefits . 
 1.1 Salary . The Company shall pay the Executive during the Term a salary at the minimum rate of 775,000 per annum, in accordance with the customary payroll practices of the Company applicable to senior executives from time to time. The Compensation Committee of the Board (the Compensation Committee shall review the Executive's Annual Salary in good faith on an annual basis and may provide for increases therein as it may in its sole discretion deem appropriate (such annual salary, as increased, the Annual Salary ). Once increased, the Annual Salary shall not thereafter be decreased, unless the Board determines that it is necessary to reduce pro rata the salaries of all similarly situated senior executives of the Company as business and economic conditions require. 
 1.2 Bonus . For each fiscal year, the Executive shall be eligible to receive a cash bonus with a target amount initially equal to 175 of his Annual Salary, subject to 
 24005491262-v10 80-40750027 

satisfaction of both Company and individual performance goals as determined by the Compensation Committee (each, an Annual Bonus ). The Compensation Committee may award the Executive a cash bonus in excess of the target amount if warranted under the applicable written performance metrics. The Annual Bonus shall be paid in the fiscal year following the fiscal year for which such bonuses are awarded, but in all events shall be paid no later than March 15 of such following fiscal year. 
 1.3 Benefits - In General . Except with respect to benefits of a type otherwise provided for under Section 3.4, the Executive shall be permitted during the Term to participate in any group life, hospitalization or disability insurance plans, health programs, equity incentive plans, long-term incentive programs, 401(k) and other retirement plans, fringe benefit programs and similar benefits that may be available (currently or in the future) to other senior executives of the Company generally, in each case to the extent that the Executive is eligible under the terms of such plans or programs. Executive shall be provided vacation benefits pursuant to Company policy. 
 1.4 Disability & Death Benefits . During the Term (and, if Executive's employment is terminated during the Term due to his Disability or death, for the period after such termination of employment due to Disability or death as is necessary for Executive's Disability or death to be covered by the applicable policy) (i) a long-term disability insurance policy for the Executive which would provide benefits to the Executive in an annual amount not less than 300 of the Executive's Annual Salary (the L-T Disability Policy and (ii) a term life insurance policy in the amount of 5,000,000 on the life of the Executive (the Term Life Insurance Policy ). The Executive shall be entitled to designate the beneficiaries of the L-T Disability Policy and the Term Life Insurance Policy provided , that in each case the insurance policies are available and can be procured on reasonable commercial terms. The Executive acknowledges and agrees that the benefits provided under both the L-T Disability Policy and the Term Life Insurance Policy will be offset by any similar insurance benefits provided under Sections 3.3, 4 or 5. 
 1.5 Equity Awards . The Executive will be eligible to receive equity awards under a stockholder approved plan when the Compensation Committee otherwise makes grants to similarly situated senior executives of the Company, subject to the provisions in Sections 4 and 5 of this Agreement. 
 1.6 Expenses . The Company shall promptly pay or reimburse the Executive for all ordinary and reasonable out-of-pocket expenses actually incurred (and, in the case of reimbursement, paid) by the Executive during the Term in the performance of the Executive's services under this Agreement provided that the Executive documents such expenses with the properly completed forms as prescribed from time to time by the Company in accordance with the Company's policies, plans and or programs. The Company shall promptly reimburse Executive for the attorney fees and costs incurred in the preparation and review of, and discussions concerning this Agreement, in an amount not to exceed 25,000. 
 1.7 Indemnification . The Indemnification Agreement dated May 6, 2019 between Company and Executive shall continue in full force and effect, unless amended by the mutual agreement of the Company and Executive. 
 4. Termination upon Death or Disability . If the Executive dies during the Term, the Term shall terminate as of the date of death. If there is a reasonable determination by the Board that the Executive has become physically or mentally incapable of performing his duties under the Agreement and such disability has disabled the Executive for a cumulative period of 180 days within any 12-month period (a Disability ), the Company shall have the right, to the extent permitted by law, to terminate the employment of the Executive upon notice in writing to 
 24005491262-v10 - 2 - 
 80-40750027 

the Executive. Upon termination of employment due to death or Disability, (i) the Executive (or the Executive's estate or beneficiaries in the case of the death of the Executive) shall be entitled to receive, in a lump sum payment (subject to Section 7.16 of this Agreement) within 30 days following Executive's termination of employment (x) Annual Salary, Annual Bonus and other benefits earned and accrued under this Agreement but not yet paid prior to the date of termination (and reimbursement under this Agreement for expenses incurred prior to the date of termination) (the Accrued Benefits and (y) a pro rata (based on the number of days employed in the fiscal year of termination) target Annual Bonus for the fiscal year in which his termination occurs and (ii) all outstanding equity (or equity-based) incentives and awards held by Executive (or, in the case of his death, his estate and beneficiaries) shall vest and become free of restrictions and all stock options shall be exercisable in accordance with their terms and shall not expire prior to the first anniversary of the date of termination. 
 5. Certain Terminations of Employment . 
 1.1 Termination by the Company for Cause Termination by the Executive without Good Reason . 
 (a) For purposes of this Agreement, Cause shall mean, the Executive's 
 (i) indictment for, conviction of, or pleading of guilty or nolo contendere to, a felony involving moral turpitude, deceit, dishonesty or fraud (but excluding traffic violations) that is injurious to the business or reputation of the Company provided, however, if the Executive is terminated following an indictment but is subsequently found not guilty or the indictment is dismissed, and only if the Company did not and does not otherwise have reason to terminate the Executive for Cause under another prong of this definition, the termination shall be deemed to be a termination without Cause 
 (ii) willful or grossly negligent conduct constituting a financial crime or material unethical business conduct or willful and material misconduct in connection with the performance of his duties, including, without limitation, embezzlement or the misappropriation of funds or property of the Company 
 (iii) failure to adhere to the lawful directions of the Board, or to devote substantially all of the Executive's business time and efforts to the Company, in either event, which continues for a period of 30 business days after written demand for corrective action is delivered by the Company 
 (iv) engaging in personal misconduct (including but not limited to employee harassment or discrimination, the use or possession at work of any illegal controlled substance) that has caused material harm to the Company or its affiliates and which has been determined to have occurred by a reasonable and independent investigator (which may be counsel to the Company or to the Board) or 
 (v) material breach of (x) any covenant contained in Section 6 of this Agreement or (y) the other terms and provisions of this Agreement and, in each case, failure to cure such breach (if curable) within ten days following written notice from the Company specifying such breach 
 provided , that the Company shall not be permitted to terminate the Executive for Cause unless, if curable such that no harm has been done to the Company, the relevant event is not cured by the Executive within 30 days after receipt of written notice given to the Executive at any time within 30 days following the occurrence of any of the events described above (or, if later, the 
 24005491262-v10 - 3 - 
 80-40750027 

Company's knowledge thereof). Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, the Executive shall not be deemed to have been terminated for Cause unless and until there shall have been delivered to the Executive a copy of a resolution duly adopted by the affirmative vote of not less than a majority of the Board at a meeting of the Board called and held for such purposes (after reasonable notice to the Executive and an opportunity for him, together with his counsel, to be heard before the Board), finding that in the reasonable and good faith opinion of the Board, after reasonable investigation, that the Executive has engaged in acts or omissions constituting Cause. 
 (b) The Company may terminate the Executive's employment hereunder for Cause on at least ten days' notice, and the Executive may terminate his employment on at least 30 days' written notice. If the Company terminates the Executive for Cause, or the Executive terminates his employment and the termination by the Executive is not covered by Section 4 or 5.2, the Executive shall receive the Accrued Benefits in a lump sum payment (subject to Section 7.16 of this Agreement) within 30 days following Executive's termination of employment. 
 1.2 Termination by the Company without Cause Termination by the Executive for Good Reason Expiration Non-Renewal by the Company . 
 (a) For purposes of this Agreement, Good Reason shall mean the following, unless consented to by the Executive 
 (i) any adverse change in job title or material diminution in the Executive's roles and responsibilities, from those set forth in this Agreement provided, however, that the appointment of another individual to serve as the President of the Company shall not give rise to Good Reason hereunder 
 (ii) subject to the last sentence of Section 3.1, a reduction in the Executive's Annual Salary or Annual Bonus potential or failure to promptly pay such amounts when due 
 (iii) if the Executive is otherwise required or expected to report to an office of the Company, (A) a relocation of the Company's headquarters outside a 30-mile radius of Annapolis, MD or (B) a move of the Executive's office or place of performance from the Company's headquarters, that, in either case, leads to an additional commuting distance for the Executive of more than 30 miles or 
 (iv) a material breach by the Company of this Agreement or any other material agreement between the Executive and the Company. 
 Each of the above events (i) (iv) shall constitute Good Reason only if the relevant event is not cured by the Company within 30 days after receipt of a written notice from the Executive detailing the specific event alleged to constitute Good Reason, and provided, further , that the Executive must provide such written notice within 30 days following Executive s initial knowledge of the existence of an event constituting Good Reason, and must terminate employment within 30 business days following the end of such 30 day cure period (if the event constituting Good Reason has not been cured during that period) or the occurrence of such event shall be deemed waived for purposes of forming the basis of a Good Reason termination of employment under this Agreement. 
 (b) The Company may terminate the Executive's employment at any time for any reason or no reason. The Executive may terminate the Executive's employment with the Company at any time for any reason or no reason, and for Good Reason under this Section 5.2. If (x) the Company terminates the Executive's employment and the termination is 
 24005491262-v10 - 4 - 
 80-40750027 

not covered by Section 4 or 5.1, (y) the Executive terminates his employment for Good Reason, or (z) the Executive's termination of employment results from the Company's notice of non-renewal following the Term in accordance with Section 1, (i) the Executive shall be entitled to receive, in a lump sum payment (subject to Section 7.16 of this Agreement) on the 30 th day following the Executive's termination of employment, (A) the Accrued Benefits, (B) an amount equal to three times the sum of (x) the Executive's Annual Salary and (y) an amount equal to the greater of (1) the Executive's average Annual Bonus actually received in respect of the three fiscal years (or such fewer number of fiscal years with respect to which Executive received an Annual Bonus) prior to the year of termination and (2) the Executive's target Annual Bonus for the fiscal year in which such termination of employment occurs and (C) a pro-rata (target Annual Bonus that the Executive could have earned for the fiscal year in which his termination occurs and the number of days employed in the fiscal year of termination) Annual Bonus (ii) for a period of 24 months after termination of employment, such continuing medical benefits under the Company's health plans and programs applicable to senior executives of the Company generally as the Executive would have received under this Agreement (and at such costs to the Executive) in the absence of such termination (but not taking into account any post-termination increases in Annual Salary that may otherwise have occurred without regard to such termination and that may have affected such benefits) (or, if such continuation of subsidized coverage would be taxable under Section 105(h) of the Code, the Company will make monthly payments to the Executive in an amount so that after payment of taxes on the payments, the Executive retains an amount equal to the monthly premium he is required to pay to continue the coverage) and (iii) all outstanding equity (or equity-based) incentives and awards held by the Executive shall thereupon vest and become free of restrictions and all stock options shall be exercisable in accordance with their terms and shall not expire earlier than the earliest of (i) the first anniversary after the date of termination and (ii) the ultimate expiration date of any such option, which shall not be extended. 
 (c) Notwithstanding clause 5.2(b)(ii), (i) nothing herein shall restrict the ability of the Company to amend or terminate the health and welfare plans and programs referred to in such clause 5.2(b)(ii) from time to time in its sole discretion, provided that any such amendments or termination are made applicable generally on the same terms to all actively employed senior executives of the Company and does not result in a proportionately greater reduction in the rights of or benefits to the Executive compared with any other officers of the Company, but the Company may not reduce benefits already earned and accrued by, but not yet paid to, the Executive and (ii) the Company shall in no event be required to provide any benefits otherwise required by such clause 5.2(b)(ii) after such time as the Executive becomes entitled to receive benefits of the same type and at least as favorable to the Executive from another employer or recipient of the Executive's services (such entitlement being determined without regard to any individual waivers or other similar arrangements). 
 (d) Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement, the Company shall not be required to make the payments and provide the benefits provided for under Section 5.2(b) unless the Executive executes and delivers to the Company a waiver and release substantially in the form attached hereto as Exhibit B (the Release Agreement and such waiver and release becomes effective and irrevocable within 21 days following the date of termination provided that the Company shall have provided the Executive with such waiver and release within ten business days following the Executive's termination of employment. 
 (e) No Mitigation . The Company agrees that if the Executive's employment is terminated during the Term, the Executive is not required to seek other employment or to attempt in any way to reduce any amounts payable to the Executive by the Company. 
 6. Covenants of the Executive . 
 24005491262-v10 - 5 - 
 80-40750027 

1.1 Covenant Against Competition Other Covenants . The Executive acknowledges that (i) the principal business of the Company (which expressly includes for purposes of this Section 6 (and any related enforcement provisions hereof), its successors and assigns) is to provide debt and equity financing for sustainable infrastructure projects that increase energy efficiency, provide cleaner energy sources, positively impact the environment and make more efficient use of natural resources (such businesses, and any and all other businesses in which, at the time of the Executive's termination, the Company is actively and regularly engaged or actively pursuing, herein being collectively referred to as the Business (ii) the Company is one of the limited number of persons who have developed such a business (iii) the Company's Business is national in scope (iv) the Executive's work for the Company has given and will continue to give him access to the confidential affairs and proprietary information of the Company (v) the covenants and agreements of the Executive contained in this Section 6 are essential to the business and goodwill of the Company and (vi) the Company would not have entered into this Agreement but for the covenants and agreements set forth in this Section 6. Accordingly, the Executive covenants and agrees that 
 (a) By and in consideration of the salary and benefits to be provided by the Company hereunder, including the severance arrangements set forth herein, and further in consideration of the Executive's exposure to the proprietary information of the Company, the Executive covenants and agrees that, during the period commencing on the date hereof and ending 24 months following the date upon which the Executive shall cease to be an employee of the Company and its affiliates (the Restricted Period ), he shall not in the Restricted Territory (as defined below), directly or indirectly, whether as an owner, partner, shareholder, principal, agent, employee, consultant or in any other relationship or capacity, (i) engage in the Business (other than for the Company or its affiliates) or otherwise compete with the Company or its affiliates in the Business or (ii) render to a person, corporation, partnership or other entity engaged in the Business the same services that the Executive renders to the Company provided , however , that , notwithstanding the foregoing, (A) the Executive may invest in securities of any entity, solely for investment purposes and without participating in the business thereof, if (x) such securities are listed on any national securities exchange, (y) the Executive is not a controlling person of, or a member of a group which controls, such entity, and (z) the Executive does not, directly or indirectly, own 5 or more of any class of securities of such entity and (B) the Executive may continue to serve on any board of directors on which the Executive was serving as of the date of the Executive's termination of employment and (C) the Executive may be employed by or provide services for a company (a Conglomerate with multiple lines of businesses, including a line of business competitive with the Company, so long as the following conditions are satisfied (w) the Conglomerate derives less than ten percent (10 of its total annual revenue from the line of business that is competitive with the Company (the Competitive Division ), (x) the Executive is employed by or provides services to a line of business of Conglomerate that is not competitive with the Company and (y) the Executive does not perform services for the Competitive Division and (z) the Executive (A) provides the Company with advance notice of such employment or service and (B) informs the Conglomerate in writing of its obligations under this Section 6. 
 For purposes of this Agreement, the Restricted Territory shall mean any (i) state in the United States and (ii) foreign country or jurisdiction, in the case of clause (i) or (ii), in which the Company (x) is actively conducting the Business during the Term or (y) has initiated a plan adopted by the Board to conduct the Business in the two years following the Term. 
 (b) During and after the Term, the Executive shall keep secret and retain in strictest confidence, and shall not use for his benefit or the benefit of others, except in connection with the business and affairs of the Company and its affiliates, all non-public confidential matters relating to the Company's Business and the business of any of its affiliates and to the Company and any of its affiliates, learned by the Executive heretofore or hereafter 
 24005491262-v10 - 6 - 
 80-40750027 

directly or indirectly from the Company or any of its affiliates (the Confidential Company Information ), and shall not disclose such Confidential Company Information to anyone outside of the Company except in the course of his duties as President and Chief Executive Officer or with the Board's express written consent and except for Confidential Company Information which is at the time of receipt or thereafter becomes publicly known through no wrongful act of the Executive or is received from a third party not under an obligation to keep such information confidential and without breach of this Agreement or which is independently developed or obtained by the Executive without reliance upon any confidential information of the Company or use of any Company resources. Notwithstanding anything in this agreement to the contrary, the Executive may disclose Confidential Company Information where the Executive is required to do so by law, regulation, court order, subpoena, summons or other valid legal process provided , that the Executive first (i) promptly notifies the Company, (ii) uses commercially reasonable efforts to consult with the Company with respect to and in advance of the disclosure thereof, and (iii) reasonably cooperates with the Company to narrow the scope of the disclosure required to be made, in each case, solely at the Company's expense. 
 (c) The Executive is hereby notified that 18 U.S.C. 1833(b) states as follows An individual shall not be held criminally or civilly liable under any Federal or State trade secret law for the disclosure of a trade secret that (i) is made (A) in confidence to a Federal, State, or local government official, either directly or indirectly, or to an attorney and (B) solely for the purpose of reporting or investigating a suspected violation of law or (ii) is made in a complaint or other document filed in a lawsuit or other proceeding, if such filing is made under seal. Accordingly, notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement to the contrary, the Executive has the right to (x) disclose in confidence trade secrets to federal, state, and local government officials, or to an attorney, for the sole purpose of reporting or investigating a suspected violation of the law or (y) disclose trade secrets in a document filed in a lawsuit or other proceeding so long as that filing is made under seal and protected from public disclosure. Nothing in this Agreement is intended to conflict with 18 U.S.C. 1833(b) or create liability for disclosures of trade secrets that are expressly allowed by 18 U.S.C. 1833(b). 
 (d) The Executive understands that nothing contained in this Agreement limits the Executive s ability to file a charge or complaint with the Equal Employment Opportunity Commission, the National Labor Relations Board, the Securities and Exchange Commission or any other federal, state or local governmental agency or commission (each, a Government Agency ). The Executive further understands that this Agreement does not limit the Executive s ability to communicate with any Government Agency or with the Executive s attorney, including to report possible violations of federal law or regulation or making other disclosures that are protected under the whistleblower provisions of federal law or regulation, or otherwise participate in any investigation or proceeding that may be conducted by any Government Agency, including providing documents or other information, without notice to the Company. 
 (e) During the Restricted Period, the Executive shall not, without the Company's prior written consent, directly or indirectly, (i) solicit or encourage to leave the employment or other service of the Company or any of its subsidiaries, any person or entity who is or was during the six-month period preceding the Executive's termination of employment, an employee, agent or independent contractor of the Company or any of its subsidiaries. During the Restricted Period, the Executive shall not, whether for his own account or for the account of any other person, firm, corporation or other business organization, solicit for a competing business or intentionally interfere with the Company's or any of its subsidiaries' relationship with, or endeavor to entice away from the Company for a competing business, any person who is or was during the six month period preceding the Executive's termination of employment, a customer, client, agent, or independent contractor of the Company or any of its subsidiaries. For purposes hereof, customer and client , as such terms relate to government customers, mean the 
 24005491262-v10 - 7 - 
 80-40750027 

program office to which the Company is or was providing any goods or services as of the date hereof or during the one-year period prior to the date hereof. 
 (f) All memoranda, notes, lists, records, property and any other tangible product and documents (and all copies thereof), whether visually perceptible, machine-readable or otherwise, made, produced or compiled by the Executive or made available to the Executive containing Confidential Company Information (i) shall at all times be the property of the Company (and, as applicable, any affiliates) and shall be delivered to the Company at any time upon its request, and (ii) upon the Executive's termination of employment, shall be promptly returned to the Company. This Section 6.1 shall not apply to materials that the Executive possessed prior to his business relationship with the Company, to the Executive's personal effects and documents, and to materials prepared by the Executive for the purposes of seeking legal or other professional advice. 
 (g) At no time during the Executive's employment by the Company or at any time thereafter shall the Executive, on one hand, or the Company or any of its subsidiaries, on the other hand, publish any statement or make any statement under circumstances reasonably likely to become public that is critical of the other party, or in any way otherwise be materially injurious to the Business or reputation of the other party, unless otherwise required by applicable law or regulation or by judicial order. 
 1.2 Rights and Remedies upon Breach . 
 (a) The parties hereto acknowledge and agree that any breach of any of the provisions of Section 6.1 or any subparts thereof (individually or collectively, the Restrictive Covenants may result in irreparable injury and damage for which money damages would not provide an adequate remedy. Therefore, if the either party breaches, or threatens to commit a breach of, any of the provisions of Section 6.1 or any subpart thereof, the other party and its affiliates, in addition to, and not in lieu of, any other rights and remedies available to the other party and its affiliates under law or in equity (including, without limitation, the recovery of damages), shall have the right and remedy to seek to have the Restrictive Covenants or other obligations herein specifically enforced (without posting bond and without the need to prove damages) by any court having equity jurisdiction, including, without limitation, the right to an entry of restraining orders and injunctions (preliminary, mandatory, temporary and permanent) against violations, threatened or actual, and whether or not then continuing, of such covenants. 
 (b) The Executive agrees that the provisions of Section 6.1 of this Agreement and each subsection thereof are reasonably necessary for the protection of the Company's legitimate business interests and if enforced, will not prevent the Executive from obtaining gainful employment should his employment with the Company end. The Executive agrees that in any action seeking specific performance or other equitable relief, the Executive will not assert or contend that any of the provisions of this Section 6 are unreasonable or otherwise unenforceable as drafted. The existence of any claim or cause of action by the Executive, whether predicated on this Agreement or otherwise, shall not constitute a defense to the enforcement of the Restrictive Covenants. 
 7. Other Provisions . 
 1.1 Severability . The Executive acknowledges and agrees that (i) he has had an opportunity to seek advice of counsel in connection with this Agreement and (ii) the Restrictive Covenants are reasonable in geographical and temporal scope and in all other respects as drafted. If it is determined that any of the provisions of this Agreement, including, without limitation, any of the Restrictive Covenants, or any part thereof, is invalid or unenforceable, the 
 24005491262-v10 - 8 - 
 80-40750027 

remainder of the provisions of this Agreement shall not thereby be affected and shall be given full effect, without regard to the invalid portions. 
 1.2 Duration and Scope of Covenants . If any court or other decision-maker of competent jurisdiction determines that any of the Executive's covenants contained in this Agreement, including, without limitation, any of the Restrictive Covenants, or any part thereof, is unenforceable because of the duration or geographical scope of such provision, then the duration or scope of such provision, as the case may be, shall be reduced so that such provision becomes enforceable and, in its reduced form, such provision shall then be enforceable and shall be enforced. 
 1.3 Enforceability Jurisdiction Arbitration . 
 (a) The Company and the Executive intend to and hereby confer jurisdiction to enforce the Restrictive Covenants set forth in Section 6 upon the courts of any jurisdiction within the geographical scope of the Restrictive Covenants. If it is determined by a court of competent jurisdiction in any state that any restriction in the Section 6 is excessive in duration or scope or is unreasonable or unenforceable under applicable law, it is the intention of the parties that such restriction may be modified or amended by the court to render it enforceable to the maximum extent permitted by the laws of that state. If the courts of any one or more of such jurisdictions hold the Restrictive Covenants wholly unenforceable by reason of breadth of scope or otherwise it is the intention of the Company and the Executive that such determination not bar or in any way affect the Company's right, or the right of any of its affiliates, to the relief provided above in the courts of any other jurisdiction within the geographical scope of such Restrictive Covenants, as to breaches of such Restrictive Covenants in such other respective jurisdictions, such Restrictive Covenants as they relate to each jurisdiction's being, for this purpose, severable, diverse and independent covenants, subject, where appropriate, to the doctrine of res judicata. The parties hereby agree to waive any right to a trial by jury for any and all disputes hereunder (whether or not relating to the Restricted Covenants). 
 (b) Any controversy or claim arising out of or relating to this Agreement or the Release Agreement or the breach of this Agreement or the Release Agreement (other than a controversy or claim arising under Section 6, to the extent necessary for the Company (or its affiliates, where applicable) to avail itself of the rights and remedies referred to in Section 6.2) that is not resolved by the Executive and the Company (or its affiliates, where applicable) shall be submitted to arbitration conducted by the American Arbitration Association AAA accordance with Maryland law and the employment arbitration rules and procedures of the AAA, before an arbitrator experienced in employment disputes who is licensed to practice law in the State of Maryland. Discovery in the arbitration shall be permitted in accordance with the Maryland Rules, and not be subject to the AAA discovery rules and procedures. The determination of the arbitrator shall be conclusive and binding on the Company (or its affiliates, where applicable) and the Executive and judgment may be entered on the arbitrator(s)' award in any court having jurisdiction. The prevailing party, as determined by the arbitrator, shall be entitled to recover attorney fees and costs from the non-prevailing party. The arbitration shall be held in Annapolis, Maryland. 
 1.4 Notices . Any notice or other communication required or permitted hereunder shall be in writing and shall be delivered personally, sent by facsimile transmission or sent by certified, registered or express mail, or overnight courier, postage prepaid. Any such notice shall be deemed given when so delivered personally, sent by facsimile transmission or, if mailed, five days after the date of deposit in the United States mails as follows 
 (a) If to the Company, to 
 24005491262-v10 - 9 - 
 80-40750027 

Hannon Armstrong Sustainable Infrastructure Capital, Inc. 
 One Park Place Suite 200 Annapolis, Maryland 21401 Attention The Office of the Chief Legal Officer 
 with a copy to 
 
 Clifford Chance US LLP 
 31 West 52nd Street 
 New York, New York 10019-6131 
 Attention Andrew Epstein and Paul Koppel 
 (b) If to the Executive, to the address in the records of the Company 
 with a copy to 
 Lebau & Neuworth, LLC 
 502 Washington Avenue Suite 720 
 Towson, Maryland 21204 
 Attention Stephen Lebau 
 Any such person may by notice given in accordance with this Section 7.4 to the other parties hereto designate another address or person for receipt by such person of notices hereunder. 
 1.5 Entire Agreement . This Agreement contain the entire agreement between the parties with respect to the specific subject matter hereof and supersedes all prior agreements, written or oral, with respect thereto, including, without limitation, the Prior Employment Agreement. 
 1.6 Waivers and Amendments . This Agreement may be amended, superseded, canceled, renewed or extended, and the terms hereof may be waived, only by a written instrument signed by the parties or, in the case of a waiver, by the party waiving compliance. Except as expressly provided herein, no delay on the part of any party in exercising any right, power or privilege hereunder shall operate as a waiver thereof, nor shall any waiver on the part of any party of any such right, power or privilege nor any single or partial exercise of any such right, power or privilege, preclude any other or further exercise thereof or the exercise of any other such right, power or privilege. 
 1.7 GOVERNING LAW. THIS AGREEMENT SHALL BE GOVERNED BY AND CONSTRUED IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE LAWS OF THE STATE OF MARYLAND WITHOUT REGARD TO ANY PRINCIPLES OF CONFLICTS OF LAW WHICH COULD CAUSE THE APPLICATION OF THE LAWS OF ANY JURISDICTION OTHER THAN THE STATE OF MARYLAND. 
 1.8 Assignment . This Agreement, and the Executive's rights and obligations hereunder, may not be assigned by the Executive any purported assignment by the Executive in violation hereof shall be null and void. Except as otherwise provided by operation of law, in the event of any sale, transfer or other disposition of all or substantially all of the Company's assets or business, whether by merger, consolidation or otherwise, the Company may assign this Agreement and its rights hereunder, provided that the successor or purchaser agrees, as a condition of such transaction, to assume all of the Company's obligations hereunder. 
 24005491262-v10 - 10 - 
 80-40750027 

1.9 Withholding . The Company shall be entitled to withhold from any payments or deemed payments any amount of tax withholding it determines to be required by law. 
 1.10 Binding Effect . This Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the parties and their respective successors, permitted assigns, heirs, executors and legal representatives. 
 1.11 Counterparts . This Agreement may be executed by the parties hereto in separate counterparts, each of which when so executed and delivered shall be an original but all such counterparts together shall constitute one and the same instrument. Each counterpart may consist of two copies hereof each signed by one of the parties hereto. 
 1.12 Survival . Anything contained in this Agreement to the contrary notwithstanding, the provisions of Sections 4, 5, 6, and 7, shall survive any termination of the Executive's employment hereunder and continue in full force until performance of the obligations thereunder, if any, in accordance with their respective terms. 
 1.13 Existing Agreements . The Executive represents to the Company that he is not subject or a party to any employment or consulting agreement, non-competition covenant or other agreement, covenant or understanding (excluding the Prior Employment Agreement) which might prohibit him from executing this Agreement or limit his ability to fulfill his responsibilities hereunder. 
 1.14 Headings . The headings in this Agreement are for reference only and shall not affect the interpretation of this Agreement. 
 1.15 Parachute Payments . In the event that any payment or benefit made or provided to the Executive under this Agreement (the Payment ), either alone or together with any other payments or benefits under any other plan, arrangement, agreement or otherwise that constitute parachute payments as defined in Section 280G(b)(2) of the Internal Revenue Code (the Code (such other parachute payments, Section 280G Payments ), would constitute a parachute payment, the Payment shall be reduced to the minimum extent necessary to ensure that no portion of the Payment or Section 280G Payments is subject to the excise tax imposed by Section 4999 of the Code (collectively, the Reduced Payments ), provided however, no reduction to the Payment shall occur if the Payment plus Section 280G Payments, less any excise tax which would be imposed on such Payment and Section 280G Payments pursuant to Section 4999 of the Code, would be greater than the Reduced Payments. If a reduction of the Payment and or Section 280G Payments is necessary, the payments shall be reduced in the following order (i) cash payments that are treated in full as a parachute payment (ii) equity-based payments and accelerations of payments that are treated in full as a parachute payment (iii) cash payments that are treated in part as a parachute payment (iv) equity-based payments and accelerations of payments that are treated in part as a parachute payment and (v) other non-cash forms of benefits. Within any such category of payments and benefits (that is, (i), (ii), (iii), (iv) or (v)), a reduction shall occur first with respect to amounts that are not deferred compensation within the meaning of Section 409A of the Code and then with respect to amounts that are deferred compensation. To the extent any such payment is to be made over time (e.g., in installments), the payments shall be reduced in reverse chronological order. 
 1.16 Section 409A Compliance . 
 (a) To the extent applicable, it is intended that this Agreement comply with the provisions of (or an exemption from) Section 409A of the Code, and this Agreement shall be construed and applied in a manner consistent with this intent. If the consideration and 
 24005491262-v10 - 11 - 
 80-40750027 

revocation period set forth in Section 5.2(d) hereof spans two taxable years, payments will be made in the second taxable year. 
 (b) Any payment or benefit due upon a termination of employment that represents a deferral of compensation within the meaning of Section 409A shall commence to be paid or provided to the Executive 30 days following a separation from service as defined in Treas. Reg. Section 1.409A-1(h), unless earlier commencement is otherwise permitted by Section 409A, provided that the Executive executes within 21 days following separation from service a general release of claims in a form and substance satisfactory to the Company and its legal counsel. Each payment made under this Agreement shall be deemed to be a separate payment for purposes of Section 409A. Amounts payable under this Agreement shall be deemed not to be a deferral of compensation subject to Section 409A to the extent provided in the exceptions in Treasury Regulation Section 1.409A-1(b)(4) short-term deferrals and (b)(9) separation pay plans, including the exception under subparagraph (iii)) and other applicable provisions of Treasury Regulation Sections 1.409A-1 through A-6. 
 (c) Notwithstanding anything in this Agreement to the contrary, the following special rule shall apply, if and to the extent required by Section 409A, in the event that (i) the Executive is deemed to be a specified employee within the meaning of Section 409A(a)(2)(B)(i), (ii) amounts or benefits under this Agreement or any other program, plan or arrangement of the Company or a controlled group affiliate thereof are due or payable on account of separation from service within the meaning of Treasury Regulations Section 1.409A-1(h), and (iii) the Executive is employed by a public company or a controlled group affiliate thereof no payments hereunder that are deferred compensation subject to Section 409A shall be made to the Executive prior to the date that is six months after the date of separation from service or, if earlier, the date of death following any applicable six month delay, all such delayed payments will be paid in a single lump sum on the earliest permissible payment date. 
 (d) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement, any payment or benefit under this Agreement or otherwise that is exempt from Section 409A pursuant to Treasury Regulation Section 1.409A-1(b)(9)(v)(A) or (C) (relating to certain reimbursements and in-kind benefits) shall be paid or provided to the Executive only to the extent that the expenses are not incurred, or the benefits are not provided, beyond the last day of the second calendar year following the calendar year in which the Executive's separation from service occurs and provided further that such expenses are reimbursed no later than the last day of the third calendar year following the calendar year in which the Executive's separation from service occurs. To the extent any indemnification payment, expense reimbursement or the provision of any in-kind benefit is determined to be subject to Section 409A (and not exempt pursuant to the prior sentence or otherwise), the amount of any such indemnification payment or expenses eligible for reimbursement or the provision of any in-kind benefit in one calendar year shall not affect the indemnification payment or provision of in-kind benefits or expenses eligible for reimbursement in any other calendar year (except for any lifetime or other aggregate limitation applicable to medical expenses), and in no event shall any indemnification payment or expenses be reimbursed after the last day of the calendar year following the calendar year in which the Executive incurred such indemnification payment or expenses, and in no event shall any right to indemnification payment or reimbursement or the provision of any in-kind benefit be subject to liquidation or exchange for another benefit. 
 1.17 Clawback . To the extent required by applicable law, any applicable securities exchange listing standards, and or Company policy, amounts paid or payable pursuant to this Agreement shall be subject to the provisions of any clawback policy implemented by the Company, which clawback policy may provide for forfeiture, repurchase or recoupment of amounts paid or payable pursuant to this Agreement. Notwithstanding any provision of this 
 24005491262-v10 - 12 - 
 80-40750027 

Agreement to the contrary, the Company reserves the right, without the consent of the Executive, to adopt or amend any such clawback policies and procedures. 
 
 24005491262-v10 - 13 - 
 80-40750027 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have signed their names as of the day and year first above written. 
 HANNON ARMSTRONG SUSTAINABLE INFRASTRUCTURE CAPITAL, INC. 
 
 By s Katherine McGregor Dent 
 Name Katherine McGregor Dent 
 Title Chief Human Resources Officer 

JEFFREY A. LIPSON 
 
 s Jeffrey A. Lipson 
 24005491262-v10 - 14 - 
 80-40750027 

EXHIBIT A 
 1. Board member- Jewish Council for the Aging of Greater Washington 
 2. Board member - HASI Foundation 
 24005491262-v10 A-1 
 80-40750027 

EXHIBIT B 
 RELEASE OF CLAIMS AGREEMENT 
 Jeffrey A. Lipson you and Hannon Armstrong Sustainable Infrastructure Capital, Inc. Company (collectively, the parties have agreed to enter into this Release of Claims Agreement Release Agreement ). Capitalized terms not defined herein shall have the meanings set forth in the Employment Agreement between you and Company effective on February 14, 2022. 
 You acknowledge that you departed from the Company as of the date on which your employment with the Company actually ends Separation Date ). You further acknowledge that, regardless of signing this Release Agreement, you have received (i) your final paycheck, which includes your final salary through your last day of service, less withholdings and (ii) reimbursement of all reasonable business expenses incurred by you during your employment. The parties acknowledge that except as provided for in the Employment Agreement, all benefits and perquisites of employment cease as of the Separation Date. 
 Further, if you (i) duly execute and return this Release Agreement to the Company within 21 days following the Separation Date, (ii) do not revoke this Release Agreement as permitted below, and (iii) remain at all times in continued compliance with the terms herein, then the Company will provide you or your estate or beneficiaries with the severance benefits set forth in the Employment Agreement (the Severance Benefits ). In the event that you materially and willfully breach this Release Agreement, you will no longer be entitled to, and the Company will no longer be obligated to provide (or continue to provide), the Severance Benefits. 
 In exchange for the Severance Benefits, you and your representatives completely release from, and agree to not file, cause to be filed or pursue against, the Company, their affiliated, related, parent or subsidiary companies, and their present and former directors, officers, and employees (the Released Parties all claims, complaints, grievances, causes of action, or charges of any kind, known and unknown, asserted or unasserted Claims ), which you may now have or have ever had against any of them Released Claims ). If you nonetheless file, cause to be filed, or pursue any Released Claims against one or more Released Party, you will pay to each such Released Party any costs or expenses (including attorneys' fees and court costs) incurred by such Released Party in connection with such action, claim or suit. Released Claims include, but are not limited to 
 all Claims arising from your employment with the Released Parties or your departure from the Company, including Claims for wrongful termination or retaliation 
 all Claims related to your compensation or benefits from the Released Parties, including salary, wages, bonuses, commissions, incentive compensation, profit sharing, retirement benefits, paid time off, vacation, sick leave, leaves of absence, expense reimbursements, equity, severance pay, and fringe benefits 
 all Claims for breach of contract, breach of quasi-contract, promissory estoppel, detrimental reliance, and breach of the implied covenant of good faith and fair dealing 
 all tort Claims, including Claims for fraud, defamation, slander, libel, negligent or intentional infliction of emotional distress, personal injury, negligence, compensatory or punitive damages, negligent or intentional misrepresentation, and discharge in violation of public policy 
 24005491262-v10 B-1 
 80-40750027 

all federal, state, and local statutory Claims, including Claims for discrimination, harassment, retaliation, attorneys' fees, medical expenses, experts' fees, costs and disbursements and 
 any other Claims of any kind whatsoever, from the beginning of time until the date you sign this Release Agreement, in each case whether based on contract, tort, statute, local ordinance, regulation or any comparable law in any jurisdiction. 
 By way of example and not in limitation, Released Claims include any Claims arising under Title VII of the Civil Rights Act of 1964, 42 U.S.C. 2000e et seq. the Civil Rights Act of 1991 the Civil Rights Acts of 1866 and or 1871, 42 U.S.C. Section 1981 the Americans with Disabilities Act, 42 U.S.C. 12101 et seq. the Age Discrimination in Employment Act ADEA ), 29 U.S.C. 621 et seq. the Family Medical Leave Act, 29 U.S.C. 2601 et seq. the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974 ERISA ), 29 U.S.C. 1001 et seq. the federal Worker Adjustment Retraining Notification Act WARN Act ), 29 U.S.C. 2102 et seq. or any comparable law in Maryland or any other jurisdiction. The Parties intend for this release to be enforced to the fullest extent permitted by law. YOU UNDERSTAND AND AGREE THAT THIS AGREEMENT CONTAINS A GENERAL RELEASE OF ALL CLAIMS . 
 You agree that the consideration you are receiving in exchange for your general release of claims shall be offset against any state or federal WARN Act (or other) notice or pay in lieu of notice obligation, if any, that the Company may be found to have in the future. 
 You acknowledge that you have received and reviewed any and all information required, if any, by the ADEA Older Workers Benefit Protection Act pertaining to your departure from the Company. You agree that your release of claims in this Release Agreement includes a knowing and voluntary waiver of any rights you may have under the ADEA. You acknowledge that you have been given an opportunity to consider for 45 days the terms of this Release Agreement, although you may sign beforehand, and that you are advised by the Company to consult with an attorney. You further understand that you can revoke your waiver of ADEA claims within seven days of signing this Release Agreement, but that you will not be eligible for any Severance Benefits if you revoke your waiver. Revocation must be made by delivering a written notice of revocation to the Chief Human Resources Officer. You acknowledge and agree that for the revocation to be effective, the written notice must be received no later than the close of business (5 00 p.m.) on the seventh day after you sign this Release Agreement. This Release Agreement will become effective and enforceable on the eighth day following your execution, provided you have not exercised your right, as described herein, to revoke. You further agree that any change to this Release Agreement, whether material or immaterial, will not restart the 45 day review period. 
 Notwithstanding the foregoing, the parties acknowledge and agree that you are not waiving or being required to waive (1) any right that cannot be waived as a matter of law, (2) rights for indemnification under U.S. and non-U.S. federal and state laws including, (3) rights for indemnification under any contract or agreement with the Company that provides for indemnification or under the Company's by-laws or under any insurance policies of the Company or its or their affiliates, (4) rights to any vested benefits or pension funds and (5) rights to seek worker's compensation or unemployment insurance benefits, subject to the terms and conditions thereof. 
 Nothing in this Release Agreement shall prohibit or interfere with your exercising protected rights, including rights under the National Labor Relations Act filing a charge with the Equal Employment Opportunity Commission or OSHA reporting possible violations of law to or participating in an investigation by any federal, state or local government agency or 
 24005491262-v10 B-2 
 80-40750027 

commission such as the National Labor Relations Board, the Department of Labor or the Securities and Exchange Commission. You do, however, waive any right to receive any monetary award or benefit resulting from such a charge, report, or investigation related to any Released Claims, except that you may receive and fully retain a monetary award from a government-administered whistleblower award program. The parties further acknowledge and agree that this Release Agreement shall not be construed as a waiver of any rights that are not subject to waiver by private agreement or otherwise cannot be waived as a matter of law. 
 Except as provided herein, you further agree to maintain the contents of this Release Agreement in the strictest confidence and agree that you will not disclose the terms hereof to any third party without the prior written consent of the Company, unless and to the extent otherwise required by law or in connection with enforcing this Release Agreement, except you may inform your spouse and legal and financial advisors so long as they agree to abide by this confidentiality obligation. Except as expressly permitted in the preceding two paragraphs, if you are obligated under law to disclose the contents of this Agreement you agree, to the extent legally permissible, to provide the Company at least five days prior written notice of such obligation. 
 This Release Agreement and the Employment Agreement are the entire agreement and understanding between you and the Company concerning its subject matter and may only be amended in writing signed by you and by authorized representatives of the Company. If any provision of this Release Agreement or the application thereof to any person, place, or circumstance shall be held by a court of competent jurisdiction to be invalid, unenforceable, or void, the remainder of this Agreement and such provision as applied to other person, places, and circumstances shall remain in full force and effect. 
 This Release Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of Maryland without regard to conflicts of law doctrines and any action or suit shall be brought exclusively in the federal or state courts of the State of Maryland. 
 This Release Agreement may be executed in multiple counterparts (each of which shall be deemed an original of this Agreement and all of which together shall constitute one and the same instrument) and delivered by electronic means. 
 Finally, by your signature below, you acknowledge each of the following (1) that you have read this Release Agreement or have been afforded every opportunity to do so (2) that you are fully aware of its contents and legal effect and (3) that you have voluntarily chosen to enter into this Release Agreement based upon your own judgment. 
 UNDERSTOOD AND AGREED 
 
 _______________________________ DATE ___________________ 
 Jeffrey A. Lipson 
 
 Hannon Armstrong Sustainable Infrastructure Capital, Inc. 
 ______________________________ DATE ___________________ 
 Name 
 Title 
 24005491262-v10 B-3 
 80-40750027 

</EX-10.31>

<EX-10.32>
 4
 marcpangburn-employmentagr.htm
 EX-10.32

Document 

AMENDED AND RESTATED EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT 
 This AMENDED AND RESTATED EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT Agreement is executed and dated February 14, 2023, by and between HANNON ARMSTRONG SUSTAINABLE INFRASTRUCTURE CAPITAL, INC. a Maryland corporation (the Company ), and MARC T. PANGBURN, an individual (the Employee ). 
 WHEREAS, the Employee has served as Executive Vice President and Co-Chief Investment Officer of the Company, and the Company desires to promote the Employee to Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of the Company 
 WHEREAS, the Employee and the Company are parties to an employment agreement dated June 30, 2021 (the Prior Employment Agreement and, in connection with the Employee's promotion to Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, the Company desires to continue to employ the Employee, and the Employee desires to continue to be so employed, on the terms and conditions set forth herein and 
 WHEREAS, the parties desire to amend, restate, supersede and replace in its entirety the Prior Employment Agreement, effective on March 1, 2023 (the Effective Date ). 
 NOW, THEREFORE, for good and valuable consideration, the receipt and adequacy of which are hereby acknowledged, the Company and Employee agree as follows 
 1. Term . The Company hereby agrees to continue to employ the Employee, and the Employee hereby agrees to continue to be employed by the Company, on the terms and conditions hereinafter set forth. The term of this Agreement will commence on the Effective Date and will terminate on a date specified by the Company or the Employee in a notice given, at will, with or without cause, by either party to the other not less than 30 days prior to such date, unless such term is sooner terminated as herein provided. 
 2. Duties . The Employee agrees to continue to be employed by the Company as Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, and as such, the Employee shall faithfully perform for the Company the duties of such office and shall have such responsibilities as are customary for an Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer employed by a public company of similar size and nature. The Employee shall report directly to the Chief Executive Officer of the Company. During the term of this Agreement, the Employee will devote his full time and exclusive attention during normal business hours to, and use his best efforts to advance, the business and welfare of the Company, its affiliates, subsidiaries and successors in interest. During the term of his employment with the Company, the Employee shall not engage in any other employment activities for any third party for any direct or indirect remuneration without the prior written consent of the Company. 
 3. Compensation . 
 (a) Annual Salary . For services provided by the Employee pursuant to this Agreement, the Company shall pay the Employee an initial annual base salary at the rate of 425,000 per annum (such annual base salary, the Annual Salary ), in accordance with the customary payroll practices of the Company applicable to senior executives from time to time. The Chief Executive Officer of the Company shall make recommendations to the Compensation Committee of the Board (the Compensation Committee with respect to the Employee's Annual Salary on an annual basis, and the Compensation Committee shall review such recommendations in good faith on an annual basis and provide for any increase as it shall determine in its sole discretion. Once increased, the Annual Salary shall not thereafter be decreased, unless the Board determines that it is necessary to reduce pro rata the salaries of all 
 24005491405-v5 80-40750027 

similarly situated senior executives of the Company as business and economic conditions require. 
 (b) Annual Bonus . For each fiscal year, the Employee shall be eligible to receive a bonus with a target amount equal to at least 150 of the Employee's Annual Salary, subject to satisfaction of both Company and individual performance goals as determined by the Compensation Committee (each, an Annual Bonus ). The Compensation Committee shall review Annual Bonus target in good faith on an annual basis and provide for any increase as it shall determine in its sole discretion. The Annual Bonus for each fiscal year shall be paid in cash no later than March 15 of the fiscal year following the fiscal year to which the Annual Bonus relates. 
 4. Other Benefits . During the term of employment with the Company, the Employee will be entitled to participate in fringe benefit programs that the Company generally makes available to its employees, including medical and dental insurance and life insurance provided that nothing herein shall be construed as restricting the Company's right to unilaterally modify or terminate any of such programs at any time with or without notice. 
 5. Equity Awards . The Employee will be eligible to receive equity awards under a stockholder approved plan (the Equity Incentive Plan when the Compensation Committee otherwise makes grants to similarly situated senior executives of the Company, subject to the provisions in Section 6 and Section 7 of this Agreement. 
 6. Death or Disability . If the Employee dies or if there is a good faith determination by the Board that the Employee has become physically or mentally incapable of performing the Employee's duties under this Agreement and such disability has disabled the Employee for a cumulative period of 180 days within any 12-month period (a Disability ), the Employee's employment with the Company will automatically terminate and all obligations of the Company hereunder will terminate as of the end of the month in which such event occurs. Upon a termination by reason of death or Disability pursuant to this Section 6, (a) all of the Employee's equity or equity-based compensation that was granted under the Equity Incentive Plan or any successor plan (including, but not limited to, LTIP Units (as defined in the Equity Incentive Plan), restricted stock, stock options, and restricted stock units) Equity Interests that are outstanding at the time of such termination shall become fully vested and nonforfeitable, and (b) the Company shall pay to the Employee (or his estate, as applicable) at the time that the Annual Bonus would otherwise be paid in accordance with Section 3 hereof (i) in the event of a termination by reason of the Employee's death, a pro rata (based on the number of days employed up to the effective date of termination in the applicable fiscal year) target Annual Bonus for the fiscal year in which the Employee's termination occurs, or (ii) in the event of a termination by reason of the Employee's Disability, the target Annual Bonus for the fiscal year in which the Employee's termination occurs, in either case of (i) or (ii), calculated based on actual results for such fiscal year. 
 7. Certain Terminations of Employment . 
 (a) In the event that (i) the Company terminates the Employee's employment with the Company for Cause, (ii) the Employee terminates the Employee's employment with the Company without Good Reason or (iii) the Employee's employment with the Company is terminated by reason of death or Disability pursuant to Section 6, the Company shall pay to the Employee (or the Employee's estate or beneficiaries), in a lump sum payment within 30 days following the effective date the Employee's termination of employment, an amount equal to the Annual Salary, Annual Bonus and other benefits earned and accrued under this Agreement but not yet paid prior to the effective date of termination (collectively, the Accrued Benefits ). 
 24005491405-v5 - 2 - 
 80-40750027 

(b) In the event that the Company terminates the Employee's employment with the Company for reasons other than for Cause or the Employee terminates the Employee's employment for Good Reason, then (1) the Company shall pay to the Employee severance compensation in a lump sum payment within 30 days following the effective date of the Employee's termination of employment in an amount equal to (i) the Accrued Benefits, (ii) 18 months of the Employee's then-current Annual Salary payable under Section 3 hereof, as of the date of termination, and (iii) 150 of the Employee's average Annual Bonus payable under Section 3 hereof actually received in respect of the three fiscal years (or such fewer number of fiscal years with respect to which the Employee received an Annual Bonus) immediately prior to the year of termination, and (2) all outstanding Equity Interests held by the Employee shall thereupon immediately vest and become free of restrictions and all stock options shall be exercisable in accordance with their terms and shall not expire earlier than the earliest of (i) the first anniversary after the date of termination and (ii) the ultimate expiration date of any such option, which shall not be extended. 
 (c) In the event that the Company terminates the Employee's employment with the Company for reasons other than for Cause or the Employee terminates the Employee's employment for Good Reason, the Company shall provide, for the period beginning on the date of the termination of the Employee's employment with the Company and ending on the earlier of (x) 18 months following the Employee's termination employment and (y) the date on which the Employee's coverage under the Consolidated Omnibus Budget Reconciliation Act of 1985, as amended, terminates as provided by law (and the Employee shall notify the Company of any subsequent employment through which he is provided medical coverage), Company-paid medical coverage at the same rates as in effect prior to the date of termination of the Employee's employment (so long as applicable law and regulations permit such Company payment without imposition of a tax or penalty on the Company, Employee, or other plan participants or otherwise adversely affecting the Company, Employee, the applicable plan or other participants in the plan), or, at the Company's option in the event of any adverse tax or penalty described above, the cash amount necessary to obtain equivalent coverage. 
 (d) For purposes of this Agreement, Cause shall mean, the Employee's (i) commission of, and indictment for or formal admission to or a pleading of guilty to, a felony involving moral turpitude, deceit, dishonesty or fraud (but excluding traffic violations) provided, however, if the Employee is terminated following an indictment but is subsequently found not guilty or the indictment is dismissed, and only if the Company did not and does not otherwise have reason to terminate the Employee for Cause under another prong of this definition, the termination shall be deemed to be a termination without Cause (ii) willful or grossly negligent conduct constituting a financial crime or material unethical business conduct or willful and material misconduct or gross misconduct in connection with the performance of the Employee's duties, including, without limitation, embezzlement or the misappropriation of funds or property of the Company (iii) failure to adhere to lawful directions of the Chief Executive Officer, to adhere to the Company's material policies and practices, or as required in Section 2 hereof, to devote substantially all of the Employee's business time and efforts to the Company, which failure continues for a period of 30 business days after written demand for corrective action is delivered by the Company (iv) engaging in personal misconduct (including but not limited to employee harassment or discrimination, the use or possession at work of any illegal controlled substance) that has caused material harm to the Company or its affiliates or (v) material breach of the terms and provisions of this Agreement and the failure to cure such breach (if curable) within ten days following written notice from the Company specifying such breach. 
 For purposes of this Agreement, Good Reason shall mean any of the following, unless consented to by the Employee (i) any adverse change in job title or material diminution in the Employee's roles and responsibilities with respect to the Company's overall business from those set forth in this Agreement (including, without limitation, the assignment of duties materially 
 24005491405-v5 - 3 - 
 80-40750027 

inconsistent with Employee's position) (ii) subject to the last sentence of Section 3(a), a material reduction in the Employee's Annual Salary or Annual Bonus potential (iii) if the Employee is otherwise required to report to an office of the Company, (A) a relocation of the Company's headquarters outside a 30 mile radius of Annapolis, MD or (B) a move of the Employee's office or place of performance from the Company's headquarters, that, in either case, leads to an additional commuting distance for the Employee of more than 30 miles or (iv) a material breach by the Company of this Agreement or any other material agreement between the Employee and the Company. Each of the above events (i) (iv) shall constitute Good Reason only if the relevant event is not cured by the Company within 30 days after receipt of a written notice from the Employee detailing the specific event alleged to constitute Good Reason, and provided , further , that the Employee must provide such written notice within 30 days following Employee's initial knowledge of the existence of an event constituting Good Reason, and must terminate employment within 30 business days following the end of such 30 day cure period (if the event constituting Good Reason has not been cured during that period) or the occurrence of such event shall be deemed waived for purposes of forming the basis of a Good Reason termination of employment under this Agreement. 
 (e) Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement, the Company shall not be required to provide the payments and benefits provided for under Sections 7(b) and (c) (except the Accrued Benefits) unless the Employee executes and delivers to the Company a waiver and release substantially in the form attached hereto as Exhibit A (the Release and such Release becomes effective and irrevocable within 30 days following the date of termination. 
 (f) In the event that any payment or benefit made or provided to the Employee under this Agreement (the Payment ), either alone or together with any other parachute payments as defined in Section 280G(b)(2) of the Internal Revenue Code (the Code (such other parachute payments, Section 280G Payments ), would constitute a parachute payment, the Payment shall be reduced to the largest amount as will result in no portion of the Payment or Section 280G Payments being subject to the excise tax imposed by Section 4999 of the Code (the Reduced Payment ), provided however , no reduction to the Payment shall occur if the Payment plus Section 280G Payments, less any excise tax which would be imposed on such Payment and Section 280G Payments pursuant to Section 4999 of the Code, would be greater than the Reduced Payment plus Section 280G Payments. If a reduction of Section 280G Payments is necessary, the payments shall be reduced in the following order (i) cash payments that are treated in full as a parachute payment (ii) equity-based payments and accelerations of payments that are treated in full as a parachute payment (iii) cash payments that are treated in part as a parachute payment (iv) equity-based payments and accelerations of payments that are treated in part as a parachute payment and (v) other non-cash forms of benefits. Within any such category of payments and benefits (that is, (i), (ii), (iii), (iv) or (v)), a reduction shall occur first with respect to amounts that are not deferred compensation within the meaning of Section 409A of the Code and then with respect to amounts that are deferred compensation. To the extent any such payment is to be made over time (e.g., in installments), the payments shall be reduced in reverse chronological order. 
 8. Company Policies . The Employee acknowledges and agrees that he has carefully reviewed each of the policies set forth in the Company Policy Handbook provided to the Employee and will acknowledge his review and acceptance of such policies and the obligations required of the Employee by signing the applicable signature blocks therein and returning the executed version to the Office of the Chief Legal Officer. The Employee likewise acknowledges and agrees to abide by any revision or addition to the Company policies as may be issued by the Company from time to time throughout the term of employment. 
 9. Restrictive Covenants . 
 24005491405-v5 - 4 - 
 80-40750027 

(a) a. Covenants . The Employee acknowledges that (i) the principal business of the Company (which expressly includes for purposes of this Section 9 (and any related enforcement provisions hereof), its successors and assigns) is to provide debt and equity financing for sustainable infrastructure projects that increase energy efficiency, provide cleaner energy sources, positively impact the environment and make more efficient use of natural resources (such businesses, and any and all other businesses in which, at the time of the Employee's termination, the Company is actively and regularly engaged or actively pursuing, herein being collectively referred to as the Business (ii) the Company is one of the limited number of persons who have developed such a business (iii) the Company's Business is North American in scope (iv) the Employee's work for the Company has given and will continue to give him access to the confidential affairs and proprietary information of the Company (v) the covenants and agreements of the Employee contained in this Section 9 are essential to the business and goodwill of the Company and (vi) the Company would not have entered into this Agreement but for the covenants and agreements set forth in this Section 9. Accordingly, the Employee covenants and agrees that 
 (i) By and in consideration of the salary and benefits to be provided by the Company hereunder, including the severance arrangements set forth herein, and further in consideration of the Employee's exposure to the proprietary information of the Company, the Employee covenants and agrees that, during the period commencing on the date hereof and ending 18 months following the date upon which the Employee shall cease to be an employee of the Company and its affiliates (the Restricted Period ), the Employee shall not in the Restricted Territory (as defined below), directly or indirectly, whether as an owner, partner, shareholder, principal, agent, employee, consultant or in any other relationship or capacity, (A) engage in the Business (other than for the Company or its affiliates) or otherwise compete with the Company or its subsidiaries in the Business or (B) render to a person, corporation, partnership or other entity engaged in the Business the same services that the Employee renders to the Company provided , however , that , notwithstanding the foregoing, (1) the Employee may invest in securities of any entity, solely for investment purposes and without participating in the business thereof, if (x) such securities are listed on any national securities exchange, (y) the Employee is not a controlling person of, or a member of a group which controls, such entity, and (z) the Employee does not, directly or indirectly, own 5 or more of any class of securities of such entity and (2) the Employee may continue to serve on any board of directors on which the Employee was serving as of the date of the Employee's termination of employment and (3) the Employee may be employed by or provide services for a company (a Conglomerate with multiple lines of businesses, including a line of business competitive with the Company, so long as the following conditions are satisfied (w) the Conglomerate derives less than ten percent (10 of its total annual revenue from the line of business that is competitive with the Company (the Competitive Division ), (x) the Employee is employed by or provides services to a line of business of Conglomerate that is not competitive with the Company and (y) the Employee does not perform services for the Competitive Division and (z) the Employee (A) provides the Company with advance notice of such employment or service and (B) informs the Conglomerate in writing of its obligations under this Section 9. 
 (ii) For purposes of this Agreement, the Restricted Territory shall mean any (A) state or province in the United States, Canada and Mexico and (B) foreign country or jurisdiction, in the case of clause (A) or (B), in which the Company (x) is actively conducting the Business during the Term or (y) has initiated a plan adopted by the Board to conduct the Business in the two years following the Term. 
 (iii) During and after the Term, the Employee shall keep secret and retain in strictest confidence, and shall not use for the Employee's benefit or the benefit of others, except in connection with the business and affairs of the Company and its affiliates, all non-public confidential matters relating to the Company's Business and the business of any of its affiliates 
 24005491405-v5 - 5 - 
 80-40750027 

and to the Company and any of its affiliates, learned by the Employee heretofore or hereafter directly or indirectly from the Company or any of its affiliates (the Confidential Company Information ), and shall not disclose such Confidential Company Information to anyone outside of the Company except in the course of the Employee's duties or with the CEO's express written consent. Confidential Company Information does not include information which is at the time of receipt or thereafter becomes publicly known through no wrongful act of the Employee or is received from a third party not under an obligation to keep such information confidential and without breach of this Agreement or which is independently developed or obtained by the Employee on the Employee's own time without reliance upon any confidential information of the Company or use of any Company resources. Notwithstanding anything in this agreement to the contrary, the Employee may disclose Confidential Company Information where the Employee is required to do so by law, regulation, court order, subpoena, summons or other valid legal process provided , that the Employee, so long as legally permitted to do so, first (A) promptly notifies the Company, (B) uses commercially reasonable efforts to consult with the Company with respect to and in advance of the disclosure thereof, and (C) reasonably cooperates with the Company to narrow the scope of the disclosure required to be made, in each case, solely at the Company's expense. 
 (iv) The Employee is hereby notified that 18 U.S.C. 1833(b) states as follows An individual shall not be held criminally or civilly liable under any Federal or State trade secret law for the disclosure of a trade secret that (i) is made (A) in confidence to a Federal, State, or local government official, either directly or indirectly, or to an attorney and (B) solely for the purpose of reporting or investigating a suspected violation of law or (ii) is made in a complaint or other document filed in a lawsuit or other proceeding, if such filing is made under seal. Accordingly, notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement to the contrary, the Employee has the right to (x) disclose in confidence trade secrets to federal, state, and local government officials, or to an attorney, for the sole purpose of reporting or investigating a suspected violation of the law or (y) disclose trade secrets in a document filed in a lawsuit or other proceeding so long as that filing is made under seal and protected from public disclosure. Nothing in this Agreement is intended to conflict with 18 U.S.C. 1833(b) or create liability for disclosures of trade secrets that are expressly allowed by 18 U.S.C. 1833(b). 
 (v) The Employee understands that nothing contained in this Agreement limits the Employee's ability to file a charge or complaint with the Equal Employment Opportunity Commission, the National Labor Relations Board, the Securities and Exchange Commission or any other federal, state or local governmental agency or commission (each, a Government Agency ). The Employee further understands that this Agreement does not limit the Employee's ability to communicate with any Government Agency or with the Employee's attorney, including to report possible violations of federal law or regulation or making other disclosures that are protected under the whistleblower provisions of federal law or regulation, or otherwise participate in any investigation or proceeding that may be conducted by any Government Agency, including providing documents or other information, without notice to the Company. 
 (vi) During the Restricted Period, the Employee shall not, without the Company's prior written consent, directly or indirectly, solicit or encourage to leave the employment or other service of the Company or any of its subsidiaries, any person or entity who is or was during the six-month period preceding the Employee's termination of employment, an employee, agent or independent contractor of the Company or any of its subsidiaries. During the Restricted Period, the Employee shall not, whether for the Employee's own account or for the account of any other person, firm, corporation or other business organization, solicit for a competing business or intentionally interfere with the Company's or any of its subsidiaries' relationship with, or endeavor to entice away from the Company for a competing business, any person who is or was during the six-month period preceding the Employee's termination of 
 24005491405-v5 - 6 - 
 80-40750027 

employment, a customer, client, agent, or independent contractor of the Company or any of its subsidiaries. For purposes hereof, customer and client, as such terms relate to government customers, mean the program office to which the Company is or was providing any goods or services as of the date hereof or during the one-year period prior to the date hereof. 
 (vii) All memoranda, notes, lists, records, property and any other tangible product and documents (and all copies thereof), whether visually perceptible, machine-readable or otherwise, made, produced or compiled by the Employee or made available to the Employee containing Confidential Company Information (A) shall at all times be the property of the Company (and, as applicable, any affiliates) and shall be delivered to the Company at any time upon its request, and (B) upon the Employee's termination of employment, shall be promptly returned to the Company. This section shall not apply to materials that the Employee possessed prior to the Employee's business relationship with the Company, to the Employee's personal effects and documents, and to materials prepared by the Employee for the purposes of seeking legal or other professional advice. 
 (viii) At no time during the Employee's employment by the Company or at any time thereafter shall the Employee or any representative of the Company publish any statement or make any statement under circumstances reasonably likely to become public that is critical of the other party, or in any way otherwise be materially injurious to the Business or reputation of the other party, unless otherwise required by applicable law or regulation or by judicial order. 
 (b) Rights and Remedies upon Breach . 
 (i) The parties hereto acknowledge and agree that any breach of any of the provisions of Section 9 or any subparts thereof (individually or collectively, the Restrictive Covenants may result in irreparable injury and damage for which money damages would not provide an adequate remedy. Therefore, if either party breaches, or threatens to commit a breach of, any of the provisions of Section 9 or any subpart thereof, the other party and its affiliates, in addition to, and not in lieu of, any other rights and remedies available to the other party and its affiliates under law or in equity (including, without limitation, the recovery of damages), shall have the right and remedy to seek to have the Restrictive Covenants or other obligations herein specifically enforced (without posting bond and without the need to prove damages) by any court having equity jurisdiction, including, without limitation, the right to seek an entry of restraining orders and injunctions (preliminary, mandatory, temporary and permanent) against violations, whether or not then continuing, of such covenants. 
 (ii) The Employee agrees that the provisions of Section 9 of this Agreement and each subsection thereof are reasonably necessary for the protection of the Company's legitimate business interests and if enforced, will not prevent the Employee from obtaining gainful employment should the Employee's employment with the Company end. The Employee agrees that in any action seeking specific performance or other equitable relief, the Employee will not assert or contend that any of the provisions of this Section 9 are unreasonable or otherwise unenforceable as drafted. The existence of any claim or cause of action by the Employee, whether predicated on this Agreement or otherwise, shall not constitute a defense to the enforcement of the Restrictive Covenants. 
 (c) The provisions of this Section 9 will survive any termination of this Agreement. 
 10. Enforceability Jurisdiction Arbitration. 
 (a) The Company and the Employee intend to and hereby confer jurisdiction to enforce the Restrictive Covenants set forth in Section 9 upon the courts of any jurisdiction within the geographical scope of the Restrictive Covenants. If it is determined by a court of competent 
 24005491405-v5 - 7 - 
 80-40750027 

jurisdiction in any state that any restriction in the Section 9 is excessive in duration or scope or is unreasonable or unenforceable under applicable law, it is the intention of the parties that such restriction may be modified or amended by the court to render it enforceable to the maximum extent permitted by the laws of that state. If the courts of any one or more of such jurisdictions hold the Restrictive Covenants wholly unenforceable by reason of breadth of scope or otherwise it is the intention of the Company and the Employee that such determination not bar or in any way affect the Company's right, or the right of any of its affiliates, to the relief provided above in the courts of any other jurisdiction within the geographical scope of such Restrictive Covenants, as to breaches of such Restrictive Covenants in such other respective jurisdictions, such Restrictive Covenants as they relate to each jurisdiction's being, for this purpose, severable, diverse and independent covenants, subject, where appropriate, to the doctrine of res judicata. The parties hereby agree to waive any right to a trial by jury for any and all disputes hereunder (whether or not relating to the Restricted Covenants). 
 (b) Any controversy or claim arising out of or relating to this Agreement or the Release Agreement or the breach of this Agreement or the Release Agreement (other than a controversy or claim arising under Section 9, to the extent necessary for the Company (or its affiliates, where applicable) to avail itself of the rights and remedies referred to in Section 9(b)) that is not resolved by the Employee and the Company (or its affiliates, where applicable) shall be submitted to arbitration conducted by the American Arbitration Association AAA accordance with Maryland law and the employment arbitration rules and procedures of the AAA, before an arbitrator experienced in employment disputes who is licensed to practice law in the State of Maryland. Discovery in the arbitration shall be permitted in accordance with the Maryland Rules, and not be subject to the AAA discovery rules and procedures. The determination of the arbitrator shall be conclusive and binding on the Company (or its affiliates, where applicable) and the Employee and judgment may be entered on the arbitrator(s)' award in any court having jurisdiction. The prevailing party, as determined by the arbitrator, shall be entitled to recover attorney fees and costs from the non-prevailing party. The arbitration shall be held in Annapolis, Maryland. 
 11. Notices . All notices and other communications required or permitted under this Agreement shall be in writing, served personally on, or mailed by registered or certified United States mail to, in the case of notices to the Employee, to the Employee's residence set forth in the employment records of the Company and in the case of notices to the Company, to the Company's principal executive office to the attention of the Office of the Chief Legal Officer. 
 12. Section 409A . 
 (a) To the extent applicable, it is intended that this Agreement comply with the provisions of Section 409A of the Code or an exemption, and this Agreement shall be construed and applied in a manner consistent with this intent. If the consideration and revocation period set forth in Section 7(e) hereof spans two taxable years, payments will be made in the second taxable year. 
 (b) Any payment or benefit due upon a termination of employment that represents a deferral of compensation within the meaning of Section 409A shall commence to be paid or provided to the Employee 30 days following a separation from service as defined in Treas. Reg. Section 1.409A-1(h), unless earlier commencement is otherwise permitted by Section 409A, provided that the Employee executes within 21 days following separation from service the Release. Each payment made under this Agreement shall be deemed to be a separate payment for purposes of Section 409A. Amounts payable under this Agreement shall be deemed not to be a deferral of compensation subject to Section 409A to the extent provided in the exceptions in Treasury Regulation Section 1.409A-1(b)(4) short-term deferrals and (b)(9) 
 24005491405-v5 - 8 - 
 80-40750027 

separation pay plans, including the exception under subparagraph (iii)) and other applicable provisions of Treasury Regulation Sections 1.409A-1 through A-6. 
 (c) Notwithstanding anything in this Agreement to the contrary, the following special rule shall apply, if and to the extent required by Section 409A, in the event that (i) the Employee is deemed to be a specified employee within the meaning of Section 409A(a)(2)(B)(i), (ii) amounts or benefits under this Agreement or any other program, plan or arrangement of the Company or a controlled group affiliate thereof are due or payable on account of separation from service within the meaning of Treasury Regulations Section 1.409A-1(h), and (iii) the Employee is employed by a public company or a controlled group affiliate thereof no payments hereunder that are deferred compensation subject to Section 409A shall be made to the Employee prior to the date that is six months after the date of separation from service or, if earlier, the date of death following any applicable six- month delay, all such delayed payments will be paid in a single lump sum on the earliest permissible payment date. 
 Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement, any payment or benefit under this Agreement or otherwise that is exempt from Section 409A pursuant to Treasury Regulation Section 1.409A-1(b)(9)(v)(A) or (C) (relating to certain reimbursements and in-kind benefits) shall be paid or provided to the Employee only to the extent that the expenses are not incurred, or the benefits are not provided, beyond the last day of the second calendar year following the calendar year in which the Employee's separation from service occurs and provided further that such expenses are reimbursed no later than the last day of the third calendar year following the calendar year in which the Employee's separation from service occurs. To the extent any indemnification payment, expense reimbursement or the provision of any in-kind benefit is determined to be subject to Section 409A (and not exempt pursuant to the prior sentence or otherwise), the amount of any such indemnification payment or expenses eligible for reimbursement or the provision of any in-kind benefit in one calendar year shall not affect the indemnification payment or provision of in-kind benefits or expenses eligible for reimbursement in any other calendar year (except for any lifetime or other aggregate limitation applicable to medical expenses), and in no event shall any indemnification payment or expenses be reimbursed after the last day of the calendar year following the calendar year in which the Employee incurred such indemnification payment or expenses, and in no event shall any right to indemnification payment or reimbursement or the provision of any in-kind benefit be subject to liquidation or exchange for another benefit. 
 13. Legal Fees . The Company will reimburse the Employee for up to 12,500 of reasonable legal fees incurred in the review and negotiation of this Agreement. 
 14. Indemnification . In the event the Employee is made, or threatened to be made, a party to any legal action or proceeding, whether civil or criminal, including any governmental or regulatory proceeding or investigations, by reason of the fact that the Employee is or was a director or officer of the Company or any of its affiliates, the Employee shall be indemnified by the Company, and the Company shall pay the Employee's related expenses when and as incurred, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law and the Company's articles of incorporation and bylaws. During the Employee's employment with the Company or any of its affiliates and after termination of employment for any reason, the Company shall cover the Employee under the Company's directors' and officers' insurance policy applicable to other officers and directors according to the terms of such policy. 
 15. Entire Agreement . This Agreement contains the entire understanding between the parties and supersedes any prior written or oral agreements between them, including the Prior Employment Agreement. There are no representations, warranties, covenants, agreements or understandings oral or written, between the parties relating to the employment of the Employee 
 24005491405-v5 - 9 - 
 80-40750027 

which are not fully expressed herein. This Agreement shall not be modified or waived except by written instrument and signed by the parties. 
 16. Severability . The provisions of this Agreement shall be deemed severable, and if any part of any provision is held by any court of competent jurisdiction to be illegal, void, invalid or unenforceable in whole or in part as to any party, such provision may be changed, consistent with the intent of the parties hereto, to the extent reasonably necessary to make such provision, as so changed, legal, valid, binding and enforceable. If such provision cannot be changed consistent with the intent of the parties hereto to make it legal, valid, biding and enforceable, then such provision shall be stricken from this Agreement, and the remaining provisions of this Agreement shall not be affected or impaired but shall remain in full force and effect. 
 17. Binding Effect . This Agreement shall inure to the benefit of and be binding upon the parties and their respective executors, administrators, personal representatives, heirs, legatees, devises, assigns and successors in interest. 
 18. Governing Law . This Agreement has been entered into in, and shall be construed and enforced in accordance with, the laws of the State of Maryland, without giving effect to the principles of conflicts of law thereof. 
 19. Counterparts Effectiveness . This Agreement may be executed in one or more counterparts, each of which shall be deemed an original, but all of which together shall constitute one and the same Agreement. This Agreement will become effective when the Company receives a counterpart hereof executed by the Employee and the Company. 
 20. Clawback . To the extent required by applicable law or any applicable securities exchange listing standards, and or Company policy, amounts paid or payable pursuant to this Agreement shall be subject to the provisions of any clawback policy implemented by the Company, which clawback policy may provide for forfeiture, repurchase or recoupment of amounts paid or payable pursuant to this Agreement. Notwithstanding any provision of this Agreement to the contrary, the Company reserves the right, without the consent of the Employee, to adopt or amend any such clawback policies and procedures. 
 
 24005491405-v5 - 10 - 
 80-40750027 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have executed this Agreement as of the date first above written. 
 HANNON ARMSTRONG SUSTAINABLE INFRASTRUCTURE CAPITAL, INC. 
 By s Katherine McGregor Dent 
 Katherine McGregor Dent 
 Chief Human Resources Officer 
 
 MARC T. PANGBURN 
 s Marc T. Pangburn 
 24005491405-v5 - 11 - 
 80-40750027 

EXHIBIT A 
 RELEASE OF CLAIMS AGREEMENT 
 Marc T. Pangburn you and Hannon Armstrong Sustainable Infrastructure Capital, Inc. Company (collectively, the parties have agreed to enter into this Release of Claims Agreement Release Agreement ). Capitalized terms not defined herein shall have the meanings set forth in the Amended and Restated Employment Agreement between you and Company executed and dated on February 14, 2022 (the Employment Agreement ). 
 You acknowledge that you departed from the Company as of the date on which your employment with the Company actually ends Separation Date ). You further acknowledge that, regardless of signing this Release Agreement, you have received (i) your final paycheck, which includes your final salary through your last day of service, less withholdings and (ii) reimbursement of all reasonable business expenses incurred by you during your employment. The parties acknowledge that except as provided for in the Employment Agreement, all benefits and perquisites of employment cease as of the Separation Date. 
 Further, if you (i) duly execute and return this Release Agreement to the Company within 21 days following the Separation Date, (ii) do not revoke this Release Agreement as permitted below, and (iii) remain at all times in continued compliance with the terms herein, then the Company will provide you or your estate or beneficiaries with the severance benefits set forth in the Employment Agreement (the Severance Benefits ). In the event that you materially and willfully breach this Release Agreement, you will no longer be entitled to, and the Company will no longer be obligated to provide (or continue to provide), the Severance Benefits. 
 In exchange for the Severance Benefits, you and your representatives completely release from, and agree to not file, cause to be filed or pursue against, the Company, their affiliated, related, parent or subsidiary companies, and their present and former directors, officers, and employees (the Released Parties all claims, complaints, grievances, causes of action, or charges of any kind, known and unknown, asserted or unasserted Claims ), which you may now have or have ever had against any of them Released Claims ). If you nonetheless file, cause to be filed, or pursue any Released Claims against one or more Released Party, you will pay to each such Released Party any costs or expenses (including attorneys' fees and court costs) incurred by such Released Party in connection with such action, claim or suit. Released Claims include, but are not limited to 
 all Claims arising from your employment with the Released Parties or your departure from the Company, including Claims for wrongful termination or retaliation 
 all Claims related to your compensation or benefits from the Released Parties, including salary, wages, bonuses, commissions, incentive compensation, profit sharing, retirement benefits, paid time off, vacation, sick leave, leaves of absence, expense reimbursements, equity, severance pay, and fringe benefits 
 all Claims for breach of contract, breach of quasi-contract, promissory estoppel, detrimental reliance, and breach of the implied covenant of good faith and fair dealing 
 all tort Claims, including Claims for fraud, defamation, slander, libel, negligent or intentional infliction of emotional distress, personal injury, negligence, compensatory or punitive damages, negligent or intentional misrepresentation, and discharge in violation of public policy 
 24005491405-v5 A-1 - 
 80-40750027 

all federal, state, and local statutory Claims, including Claims for discrimination, harassment, retaliation, attorneys' fees, medical expenses, experts' fees, costs and disbursements and 
 any other Claims of any kind whatsoever, from the beginning of time until the date you sign this Release Agreement, in each case whether based on contract, tort, statute, local ordinance, regulation or any comparable law in any jurisdiction. 
 By way of example and not in limitation, Released Claims include any Claims arising under Title VII of the Civil Rights Act of 1964, 42 U.S.C. 2000e et seq. the Civil Rights Act of 1991 the Civil Rights Acts of 1866 and or 1871, 42 U.S.C. Section 1981 the Americans with Disabilities Act, 42 U.S.C. 12101 et seq. the Age Discrimination in Employment Act ADEA ), 29 U.S.C. 621 et seq. the Family Medical Leave Act, 29 U.S.C. 2601 et seq. the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974 ERISA ), 29 U.S.C. 1001 et seq. the federal Worker Adjustment Retraining Notification Act WARN Act ), 29 U.S.C. 2102 et seq. or any comparable law in Maryland or any other jurisdiction. The Parties intend for this release to be enforced to the fullest extent permitted by law. YOU UNDERSTAND AND AGREE THAT THIS AGREEMENT CONTAINS A GENERAL RELEASE OF ALL CLAIMS . 
 You agree that the consideration you are receiving in exchange for your general release of claims shall be offset against any state or federal WARN Act (or other) notice or pay in lieu of notice obligation, if any, that the Company may be found to have in the future. 
 You acknowledge that you have received and reviewed any and all information required, if any, by the ADEA Older Workers Benefit Protection Act pertaining to your departure from the Company. You agree that your release of claims in this Release Agreement includes a knowing and voluntary waiver of any rights you may have under the ADEA. You acknowledge that you have been given an opportunity to consider for 45 days the terms of this Release Agreement, although you may sign beforehand, and that you are advised by the Company to consult with an attorney. You further understand that you can revoke your waiver of ADEA claims within seven days of signing this Release Agreement, but that you will not be eligible for any Severance Benefits if you revoke your waiver. Revocation must be made by delivering a written notice of revocation to the Chief Human Resources Officer. You acknowledge and agree that for the revocation to be effective, the written notice must be received no later than the close of business (5 00 p.m.) on the seventh day after you sign this Release Agreement. This Release Agreement will become effective and enforceable on the eighth day following your execution, provided you have not exercised your right, as described herein, to revoke. You further agree that any change to this Release Agreement, whether material or immaterial, will not restart the 45 day review period. 
 Notwithstanding the foregoing, the parties acknowledge and agree that you are not waiving or being required to waive (1) any right that cannot be waived as a matter of law, (2) rights for indemnification under U.S. and non-U.S. federal and state laws including, (3) rights for indemnification under any contract or agreement with the Company that provides for indemnification or under the Company's by-laws or under any insurance policies of the Company or its or their affiliates, (4) rights to any vested benefits or pension funds and (5) rights to seek worker's compensation or unemployment insurance benefits, subject to the terms and conditions thereof. 
 Nothing in this Release Agreement shall prohibit or interfere with your exercising protected rights, including rights under the National Labor Relations Act filing a charge with the Equal Employment Opportunity Commission or OSHA reporting possible violations of law to or participating in an investigation by any federal, state or local government agency or 
 24005491405-v5 A-2 - 
 80-40750027 

commission such as the National Labor Relations Board, the Department of Labor or the Securities and Exchange Commission. You do, however, waive any right to receive any monetary award or benefit resulting from such a charge, report, or investigation related to any Released Claims, except that you may receive and fully retain a monetary award from a government-administered whistleblower award program. The parties further acknowledge and agree that this Release Agreement shall not be construed as a waiver of any rights that are not subject to waiver by private agreement or otherwise cannot be waived as a matter of law. 
 Except as provided herein, you further agree to maintain the contents of this Release Agreement in the strictest confidence and agree that you will not disclose the terms hereof to any third party without the prior written consent of the Company, unless and to the extent otherwise required by law or in connection with enforcing this Release Agreement, except you may inform your spouse and legal and financial advisors so long as they agree to abide by this confidentiality obligation. Except as expressly permitted in the preceding two paragraphs, if you are obligated under law to disclose the contents of this Agreement you agree, to the extent legally permissible, to provide the Company at least five days prior written notice of such obligation. 
 This Release Agreement and the Employment Agreement are the entire agreement and understanding between you and the Company concerning its subject matter and may only be amended in writing signed by you and by authorized representatives of the Company. If any provision of this Release Agreement or the application thereof to any person, place, or circumstance shall be held by a court of competent jurisdiction to be invalid, unenforceable, or void, the remainder of this Agreement and such provision as applied to other person, places, and circumstances shall remain in full force and effect. 
 This Release Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of Maryland without regard to conflicts of law doctrines and any action or suit shall be brought exclusively in the federal or state courts of the State of Maryland. 
 This Release Agreement may be executed in multiple counterparts (each of which shall be deemed an original of this Agreement and all of which together shall constitute one and the same instrument) and delivered by electronic means. 
 Finally, by your signature below, you acknowledge each of the following (1) that you have read this Release Agreement or have been afforded every opportunity to do so (2) that you are fully aware of its contents and legal effect and (3) that you have voluntarily chosen to enter into this Release Agreement based upon your own judgment. 
 UNDERSTOOD AND AGREED 
 
 _______________________________ DATE ___________________ 
 Marc T. Pangburn 
 
 Hannon Armstrong Sustainable Infrastructure Capital, Inc. 
 
 ______________________________ DATE ___________________ 
 Name 
 Title 
 
 24005491405-v5 A-3 - 
 80-40750027 

</EX-10.32>

<EX-21.1>
 5
 hasi12312022ex-211.htm
 EX-21.1

Document 

EXHIBIT 21.1 
 SUBSIDIARIES OF THE REGISTRANT 
 
 Subsidiary Jurisdiction Cobalt Upwind Holdings LLC Delaware HA 7V Solar Ranch LLC Delaware HA AllStrong LLC Delaware HA Antelope DSR 3 LLC Delaware HA Athena Capital Holdings LLC Delaware HA Athos III Lender LLC Delaware HA Baldy Mesa Lender LLC Delaware HA Brazoria 2 LLC Delaware HA Brazoria West LLC Delaware HA Buckeye Holdings LLC Delaware HA Chap Springs LLC Delaware HA Cielo Lender LLC Delaware HA Clear Fork Creek LLC Delaware HA Clover Creek LLC Delaware HA CLP Funding LLC Delaware HA Coy Hill Road LLC Delaware HA CS Equity Holdings LLC Delaware HA CS5 Equity LLC Delaware HA CS6 Equity LLC Delaware HA CS7 Equity LLC Delaware HA C-PACE 2019-1 Issuer LLC Delaware HA C-PACE SAC LLC Delaware HA Daggett Lender LLC Delaware HA Daggett 2 Lender LLC Delaware HA Daybreak Holdings LLC Delaware HA Demeter Capital Lender LLC Delaware HA Double Butte Lender LLC Delaware HA Driving Range A LLC Delaware HA Driving Range C LLC Delaware HA EECI Lender LLC Delaware HA EECI LLC Delaware HA Eland LLC Delaware HA EMaaS Lender LLC Delaware HA Empower Fund 1 LLC Delaware HA Felix Lender LLC Delaware HA FMAC Holdings LLC Delaware HA FMAC K102 LLC Delaware HA FMAC KG02 LLC Delaware HA FMAC KG03 LLC Delaware HA Galileo LLC Delaware HA Galileo 2 LLC Delaware HA Gaskell West 2 LLC Delaware HA Gaskell West 3 LLC Delaware HA Geo Transport LLC Delaware HA Hawkeye LLC Delaware HA Hector 4 LLC Delaware HA Hector LLC Delaware HA High Mesa LLC Delaware HA INV Buckeye LLC Delaware HA INV Gunsight LLC Delaware HA JBLM Funding LLC Delaware HA Juniper LLC Delaware HA Juniper II LLC Maryland 

Subsidiary Jurisdiction HA Jupiter LLC Delaware HA LA Fleet Lender LLC Delaware HA Land Financing Depositor LLC Delaware HA Land Financing Issuer LLC Delaware HA Land Financing Issuer 2 LLC Delaware HA Land Financing Member 2 LLC Delaware HA Land Lease I LLC Delaware HA Land Lease II LLC Delaware HA Land Lease Holdings LLC Delaware HA Land Lease Holdings II LLC Delaware HA Lighthouse LLC Delaware HA MHPI Funding LLC Delaware HA Oak Trail LLC Delaware HA P3 Holdings Maryland HA PACE Origination LLC Delaware HA PACE Warehouse LLC Delaware HA PanelCo Lender LLC Delaware HA Poseidon Capital Lender LLC Delaware HA Rabbitbrush LLC Delaware HA Radian Lender LLC Delaware HA Ridgeback 2021 LLC Delaware HA Ridgeback 2022 LLC Delaware HA RNG 1 Lender LLC Delaware HA San Pablo Raceway LLC Delaware HA Skipjack LLC Delaware HA Spencer Road LLC Delaware HA SRC Holdings LLC Delaware HA SRC Lender LLC Delaware HA Sun Streams LLC Delaware HA Sunrise LLC Delaware HA SunStrong Capital LLC Delaware HA Thrive LLC Delaware HA Thrive 2 LL Delaware HA VA Carver Creek I LLC Delaware HA Virginia Land LLC Delaware HA Wetlands LLC Maryland HA WG Funding LLC Maryland HA Whalers LLC Delaware HA Wildcat LLC Delaware HA Wildflower Lender LLC Delaware HA Willow Springs 3 LLC Delaware HA Wind I LLC Delaware HA Wind II LLC Delaware Hannie Mae Goco LLC Maryland Hannie Mae II LLC Maryland Hannie Mae IV LLC Maryland Hannie Mae V LLC Maryland Hannie Mae XI LLC Maryland Hannie Mae XII LLC Maryland Hannie Mae XIII LLC Maryland Hannie Mae XIV LLC Maryland Hannie Mae XVII LLC Maryland Hannie Mae XVIII LLC Maryland Hannie Mae XIX LLC Maryland Hannie Mae XX LLC Delaware Hannie Mae XXII LLC Delaware 

Subsidiary Jurisdiction Hannie Mae XXIII LLC Delaware Hannie Mae XXIV LLC Delaware Hannie Mae LLC Virginia Hannie Mae SRS Funding LLC Maryland Hannon Armstrong Capital, LLC Maryland Hannon Armstrong KCS Funding LLC Maryland Hannon Armstrong Securities, LLC Maryland Hannon Armstrong Sustainable Infrastructure, L.P. Delaware HASI ECON 101 LLC Delaware HASI OBS OP A LLC Maryland HASI SYB I LLC Maryland HASI SYB 2017-1 LLC Delaware HASI SYB Trust 2016-2 Holdings LLC Delaware HAT Holdings I LLC Maryland HAT Holdings II LLC Maryland HAT OBS OP A LLC Maryland HAT OBS OP 5 LLC Maryland HAT Scorpio Capital Lender LLC Delaware HAT Solar Sail Capital Lender LLC Maryland HAT SYB I LLC Maryland HAT SYB Trust 2016-2 Holdings LLC Delaware HAT Terrier Acquisition LLC Delaware HAT Terrier Capital Lender LLC Maryland HAT Ultralight Capital Lender LLC Delaware HAT Ultralight Capital Lender 2 LLC Maryland HAT V3 Capital Member LLC Delaware HAT V3 Capital Lender LLC Delaware Lannie Mae LLC Maryland Lannie Mae Depositor LLC Maryland Rhea Borrower (HASI) LLC Delaware Rhea Borrower (HAT I) LLC Delaware Rhea Borrower (HAT II) LLC Delaware Ridgeback 2021 Class A LLC Delaware Ridgeback 2022 Class A LLC Delaware Strong Upwind Holdings LLC Delaware Strong Upwind Holdings II LLC Delaware Strong Upwind Holdings III LLC Delaware Strong Upwind Residual LLC Delaware SunStrong Capital Lender Holdings LLC Maryland SunStrong Capital Lender LLC Maryland SunStrong Capital Lender 2 LLC Maryland SunStrong Capital Lender 3 LLC Maryland SunStrong Capital Lender 6 LLC Maryland Titan Borrower (HASI) LLC Delaware Titan Borrower (HAT I) LLC Delaware Titan-Rhea Holdings (HASI) LLC Delaware Titan-Rhea Holdings (HAT I) LLC Delaware Titan-Rhea Holdings (HAT II) LLC Delaware 
 
 Exh. 21.1-1 

</EX-21.1>

<EX-23.1>
 6
 hasi12312022ex-231.htm
 EX-23.1

Document 

Exhibit 23.1 
 Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 
 We consent to the incorporation by reference in the following Registration Statements 
 
 (1) Registration Statement (Form S-3 No. 333-198158) of Hannon Armstrong Sustainable Infrastructure Capital, Inc., 
 (2) Registration Statement (Form S-8 No. 333-212913) pertaining to the 2013 Hannon Armstrong Sustainable Infrastructure Capital, Inc. Equity Incentive Plan, 
 (3) Registration Statement (Form S-8 No. 333-230548) pertaining to the 2013 Hannon Armstrong Sustainable Infrastructure Capital, Inc. Equity Incentive Plan, 
 (4) Registration Statement (Form S-3ASR No. 333-263169) of Hannon Armstrong Sustainable Infrastructure Capital, Inc., 
 (5) Registration Statement (Form S-3ASR No. 333-265594) of Hannon Armstrong Sustainable Infrastructure Capital, Inc., 
 (6) Registration Statement (Form S-8 No. 333-265595) pertaining to the 2022 Hannon Armstrong Sustainable Infrastructure Capital, Inc. Equity Incentive Plan, and 
 (7) Registration Statement (Form S-3ASR No. 333-269145) of Hannon Armstrong Sustainable Infrastructure Capital, Inc. 
 
 of our reports dated February 21, 2023, with respect to the consolidated financial statements of Hannon Armstrong Sustainable Infrastructure Capital, Inc. and the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting of Hannon Armstrong Sustainable Infrastructure Capital, Inc. included in this Annual Report (Form 10 K) of Hannon Armstrong Sustainable Infrastructure Capital, Inc. for the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 s Ernst & Young LLP 
 Tysons, Virginia 
 February 21, 2023 
 
 Exh. 23.1-1 

</EX-23.1>

<EX-31.1>
 7
 hasi12312022ex-311.htm
 EX-31.1

Document 

EXHIBIT 31.1 
 CERTIFICATIONS 
 I, Jeffrey W. Eckel, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Hannon Armstrong Sustainable Infrastructure Capital, Inc. (the registrant 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a 15(e) and 15d 15(e)) and internal controls over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 a. Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 b. Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 c. Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 d. Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an Annual Report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the Audit Committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 a. All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 b. Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 Date February 21, 2023 
 
 By s Jeffrey W. Eckel Name Jeffrey W. Eckel Title Chief Executive Officer and President 
 
 Exh. 31.1-1 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 8
 hasi12312022ex-312.htm
 EX-31.2

Document 

EXHIBIT 31.2 
 CERTIFICATIONS 
 I, Jeffrey A. Lipson, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Hannon Armstrong Sustainable Infrastructure Capital, Inc. (the registrant 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a 15(e) and 15d 15(e)) and internal controls over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 a. Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 b. Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 c. Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 d. Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an Annual Report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the Audit Committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 a. All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 b. Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 Date February 21, 2023 
 By s Jeffrey A. Lipson Name Jeffrey A. Lipson Title Chief Financial Officer, Chief Operating Officer and Executive Vice President 
 
 Exh. 31.2-1 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 9
 hasi12312022ex-321.htm
 EX-32.1

Document 

EXHIBIT 32.1 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 
 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002, 10 U.S.C. SECTION 1350 
 In connection with the Annual Report on Form 10-K of Hannon Armstrong Sustainable Infrastructure Capital, Inc. (the Company for the period ended December 31, 2022 to be filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on or about the date hereof (the report ), I, Jeffrey W. Eckel, Chief Executive Officer and President of the Company, certify, pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, that 
 1. The report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and 
 2. The information contained in the report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
 It is not intended that this statement be deemed to be filed for purposes of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. 
 Date February 21, 2023 
 
 By s Jeffrey W. Eckel Name Jeffrey W. Eckel Title Chief Executive Officer and President 
 
 Exh. 32.1-1 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 10
 hasi12312022ex-322.htm
 EX-32.2

Document 

EXHIBIT 32.2 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 
 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002, 10 U.S.C. SECTION 1350 
 In connection with the Annual Report on Form 10-K of Hannon Armstrong Sustainable Infrastructure Capital, Inc. (the Company for the period ended December 31, 2022 to be filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on or about the date hereof (the report ), I, Jeffrey A. Lipson, Chief Financial Officer, Chief Operating Officer and Executive Vice President of the Company, certify, pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, that 
 1. The report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and 
 2. The information contained in the report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
 It is not intended that this statement be deemed to be filed for purposes of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. 
 Date February 21, 2023 
 
 By s Jeffrey A. Lipson Name Jeffrey A. Lipson Title Chief Financial Officer, Chief Operating Officer and Executive Vice President 
 
 Exh. 32.2-1 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 11
 hasi-20221231.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 12
 hasi-20221231_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 13
 hasi-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 14
 hasi-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 15
 hasi-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

