<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230331_10-K_edgar_data_352955_0001437749-23-008793.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>5168580</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>89690</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>815863</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>1653763</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1281807</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1195775</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>10</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001437749-23-008793.hdr.sgml : 20230331
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230331142718
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001437749-23-008793
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		62
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230331
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230331

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			CKX LANDS, INC.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000352955
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	CRUDE PETROLEUM & NATURAL GAS [1311]
		IRS NUMBER:				720144530
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			LA
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-31905
		FILM NUMBER:		23786652

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		2417 SHELL BEACH DRIVE
		CITY:			LAKE CHARLES
		STATE:			LA
		ZIP:			70601
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(337) 493-2399

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		2417 SHELL BEACH DRIVE
		CITY:			LAKE CHARLES
		STATE:			LA
		ZIP:			70601

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	CKX Lands Inc
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20050801

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	CALCASIEU REAL ESTATE & OIL CO INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19920703

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001437749-23-008793.txt : 20230331

10-K
 1
 ckx20221231b_10k.htm
 FORM 10-K

ckx20221231b_10k.htm 

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

 Washington, D.C. 20549 

Form 

Annual Report Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 

For the fiscal year ended 

or 

Transition Report Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 

For the transition period from to 

Commission File Number 

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its Charter) 

(State or other jurisdiction of 
			incorporation or organization) 

(I.R.S. Employer Identification Number) 

, 
			(Address of principal executive offices) 

(Zip Code) 

Registrant s telephone number, including area code: ) 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 

Title of each class 

Trading Symbol(s) 

Name of each exchange on which registered 

American 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: None 

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. 

 Yes 

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. 

 Yes 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. 

 No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large accelerated 

			 filer 

Accelerated 

			 filer 

Smaller reporting company 

Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 

If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. 

Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act). 

 YES NO 

The aggregate market value of the voting common equity held by non-affiliates of the registrant as of June 30, 2022 based on the closing price on that date of 11.13 was . 

The number of shares of the registrant s Common Stock outstanding as of March 31, 2023, was . 

DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 

Portions of the Registrant s definitive Proxy Statement prepared in connection with the 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders are incorporated by reference into Part III, Items 10, 11, 12, 13 and 14 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

FORM 10-K 

FOR THE FISCAL YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements 

PART I 

Item 1. 

Business 

1 

Item 1A. 

Risk Factors 

2 

Item 1B. 

Unresolved Staff Comments 

5 

Item 2. 

Properties 

6 

Item 3. 

Legal Proceedings 

6 

Item 4. 

Mine Safety Disclosure 

6 

PART II 

Item 5. 

Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 

6 

Item 6. 

[Reserved] 

7 

Item 7. 

Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 

7 

Item 7A. 

Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 

11 

Item 8. 

Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 

11 

Item 9. 

Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 

12 

Item 9A. 

Controls and Procedures 

12 

Item 9B. 

Other Information 

13 

Item 9C. 

Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 

13 

PART III 

Item 10. 

Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 

13 

Item 11. 

Executive Compensation 

13 

Item 12. 

Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 

13 

Item 13. 

Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 

14 

Item 14. 

Principal Accountant Fees and Services 

14 

PART IV 

Item 15. 

Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules 

14 

Item 16. 

Form 10-K Summary 

15 

Signatures 

16 

CAUTIONARY NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 

This report contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Safe Harbor provisions of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ). These statements include, without limitation, the information contained under the heading Outlook for Fiscal Year 2023 in Item 7 of this report, and any statements containing forward-looking terminology including may, should, likely, will, believe, expect, anticipate, estimate, continue, plan, intend, projects, or other similar words. These statements are not a guarantee of future performance and are subject to risks, uncertainties and other factors, some of which are set forth in Item 1A. Risk Factors. Many risks are beyond our control and difficult to predict. Therefore, actual outcomes and results may differ materially from what is expressed or forecast in forward-looking statements. You should not place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the date of this report. Unless legally required, the Company undertakes no obligation to update publicly any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. Additional information may be contained in the Company s future reports periodically filed with the SEC. 

The Company , we, us, and our, refer to CKX Lands, Inc. 

PART I 

ITEM 1. 

BUSINESS 

Business Description 

CKX Lands, Inc., a Louisiana corporation, began operations in 1930 under the name Calcasieu Real Estate Oil Co., Inc. It was originally organized as a spin-off by a bank operating in southwest Louisiana. The purpose of the spin-off was to form an entity to hold non-producing mineral interests which regulatory authorities required the bank to charge off. Over the years, as some of the mineral interests began producing, the Company used part of the proceeds to acquire land. In 1990, the Company made its largest acquisition when it was one of four purchasers who bought a fifty percent undivided interest in approximately 35,575 acres in southwest Louisiana. 

Today the Company s income is derived from mineral royalties, timber sales and surface payments from its lands. CKX receives income from royalty interests and mineral leases related to oil and gas production, timber sales, land sales and surface rents. Although CKX is active in the management of its land and planting and harvesting its timber, CKX is passive in the production of income from oil and gas production in that CKX does not explore for oil and gas or operate wells. These oil and gas activities are performed by unrelated third parties. 

CKX leases its property to oil and gas operators and collects income through its land ownership in the form of oil and gas royalties and lease rentals and geophysical revenues. The Company s oil and gas income fluctuates as new oil and gas production is discovered on Company land and then ultimately depletes or becomes commercially uneconomical to produce. The volatility in the daily commodity pricing of a barrel of oil or a thousand cubic feet, or MCF, of gas will also cause fluctuations in the Company s oil and gas income. These commodity prices are affected by numerous factors and uncertainties external to CKX s business and over which it has no control, including the global supply and demand for oil and gas, and domestic and global economic conditions, among other factors. 

CKX has small royalty interests in 20 different producing oil and gas fields. The size of each royalty interest is determined by the Company s net ownership in the acreage unit for the well. CKX s royalty interests range from 0.0045 for the smallest to 7.62 for the largest. As the Company does not own or operate the wells, it does not have access to any reserve information. Eventually, the oil and gas reserves under the Company s current land holdings will be depleted. 

Timber income is derived from sales of timber on Company lands. The timber income will fluctuate depending on our ability to secure stumpage agreements in the regional markets, timber stand age, and/or stumpage commodity prices. Timber is a renewable resource that the Company actively manages. 

Surface income is earned from various recurring and non-recurring sources. Recurring surface income is earned from lease arrangements for farming, recreational and commercial uses. Non-recurring surface income can include such activities as pipeline right of ways, and temporary worksite rentals. 

In managing its lands, the Company relies on and has established relationships with real estate, forestry, environmental and agriculture consultants as well as attorneys with legal expertise in general corporate matters, real estate, and minerals. 

1

The Company actively searches for additional real estate for purchase in Louisiana with a focus on southwest Louisiana and on timberland and agricultural land. When evaluating unimproved real estate for purchase, the Company will consider numerous characteristics including but not limited to, timber fitness, agriculture fitness, future development opportunities and/or mineral potential. When evaluating improved real estate for purchase, the Company will consider characteristics including, but not limited to, geographic location, quality of existing revenue streams, and/or quality of the improvements. 

The Company s Board of Directors regularly evaluates a range of strategic alternatives that could increase shareholder value, and the Board and management conduct due diligence activities in connection with such alternatives. These include opportunities for growth though the acquisitions of land or other assets, business combinations, dispositions of assets and reinvestment of the proceeds, and other alternatives. We cannot assure you that the Board s evaluations or the Company s due diligence activities will result in any transaction or other course of action. 

CKX does not perform or cause to be performed oil and gas producing activities inasmuch as: (1) we do not search for crude oil or natural gas in their natural states; (2) we do not acquire property for the purpose of exploration or the removing of oil and gas; and (3) we are not involved in construction, drilling and/or production activities necessary to retrieve oil and gas. 

The Company does not spend any money on research and development. 

Because of the nature of the Company s revenue streams, the effect of competition on the Company and its results of operations is not material. 

Employees 

The Company has two employees, both of whom are part-time. The Company is not subject to union contracts nor does the Company have any medical benefit, pension, profit sharing, option or deferred compensation programs. The Company has a stock incentive plan adopted in connection with the Executive Employment Agreement effective July 15, 2020, as amended, with its President, and the Company s Chief Financial Officer is also a participant in the plan. The plan permits the Company to grant restricted stock units or performance shares for up to 357,000 shares of its common stock. The Company granted awards for all 357,000 shares issuable under the plan on June 13, 2022. Of those awards, 14,622 restricted stock units and 31,584 performance share units vested and the underlying shares were issued during the year ended December 31, 2022. No awards were granted during the year ended December 31, 2021. 

Customers 

The Company s customers are those who have mineral leases on Company lands, purchase timber in competitive bids or execute surface leases for farming, hunting, right of ways or other purposes. During 2022, the Company received approximately 66.16 of its total revenues from the following customers: 

Customer 

Revenue Type 

of Total Revenue 

Daylight Petroleum 

Oil Gas 

14.32 

Talos Low Carbon Solutions, LLC 

Oil Gas 

9.86 

Coteau Energy LLC 

Oil Gas 

8.39 

Fortune Forest Products, LLC 

Timber 

7.86 

EOG Resources, Inc. 

Oil Gas 

7.72 

C6 Operating LLC 

Oil Gas 

6.18 

Bennett Timber Co., LLC 

Timber 

6.11 

Louisiana Timber Procurement 

Timber 

5.73 

Loss of cash receipts from any of these customers or revenue streams would have a material adverse effect on the Company. 

Environmental and Other Governmental Regulations 

The Company does not need government approval of its principal products or services except that the State of Louisiana must permit the size and location of all oil and gas producing units. The operator of the oil and gas units is responsible for this permitting process. 

The operators of the wells are responsible for complying with environmental and other governmental regulations. However, should an operator abandon a well located on Company land without following prescribed procedures, the landowners could possibly be held responsible. The Company does not believe this would have a material effect on its financial condition. 

2

ITEM 1A. 

RISK FACTORS 

Significant Risk Factors 

In addition to the other information set forth in this report, you should carefully consider the following risks, which could materially affect our business, financial condition, or results of operations in future periods. The risks described below are not the only risks facing our Company. Additional risks not currently known to us or that we currently deem to be immaterial also may materially adversely affect our business, financial condition, or results of operations in future periods. 

Our operations and properties could be adversely affected by hurricanes or other adverse weather events, natural disasters, or other significant disruptions. 

Our properties are located principally in southwest Louisiana, where major hurricanes and flooding have occurred. Depending on where any hurricane makes landfall or flooding occurs, our properties could be significantly damaged, and income-producing activities on our properties could be disrupted. In fact, approximately 33 percent of our standing timber was at least partially damaged, and oil and gas production on our lands was temporarily interrupted due to Hurricane Laura in August 2020. In addition, the occurrence and frequency of hurricanes and flooding in Louisiana could also negatively impact demand for the use of our real estate assets because of perceptions of hurricane and flooding risks. In addition to hurricanes, the occurrence of other natural disasters and climate conditions in Louisiana, such as tornadoes, fires, unusually heavy or prolonged rain, droughts, prolonged freezing temperatures and heat waves, could have an adverse effect on our ability to use our properties or realize income from our properties. 

We have approximately 13,699 net acres of timberland in various stages of growth or age classes. A typical pine timber stand will be harvested after 30 to 35 years of growth with some thinning occurring during this time. A hardwood stand will be harvested after 45 to 50 years of growth. A natural disaster can have a material adverse effect on timber growth, reducing its value. In addition to hurricanes, natural disasters that could affect our timber lands include tornados, high winds, heavy rains and flooding, and/or fire caused by lightning or other sources. 

If any of the events described above occurs, we may experience disruptions to our operations and damage to our properties, which could have an adverse effect on our business, our financial condition, our results of operations, and our cash flows. 

Our land holdings are concentrated in southwest Louisiana, and we therefore may suffer economic harm because of adverse conditions in that region. 

Our land holdings are located principally in southwest Louisiana. Due to the concentration of our properties in this area, our performance is dependent on local economic conditions. This area has experienced periods of economic decline in the past and may do so in the future. 

We rely on third party managers for day-to-day property management of certain of our properties. 

We rely on local third-party managers for the day-to-day management of our timberland properties. The cash flows from our timberland properties may be adversely affected if the property manager fails to provide quality services. These third-party managers may fail to manage our properties effectively or efficiently or in accordance with the terms of our agreement with them. If any of these events occurs, we could incur losses or face liabilities from the loss or injury to our property or to persons at our properties. In addition, disputes may arise between us and third-party managers, and we may incur significant expenses to resolve those disputes or terminate the relevant agreement with the third parties and locate and engage competent and cost-effective alternative service providers to manage the relevant properties. Additionally, third party managers may manage and own other properties that may compete with our properties, which may result in conflicts of interest and decisions regarding the operation of our properties that are not in our best interests. 

Potential environmental liabilities could result in substantial costs to us or cause our land to lose value. 

Under federal, state, and local environmental laws, ordinances and regulations, we may be required to investigate and clean up the effects of releases of hazardous substances or petroleum products on our properties because of current or past ownership or operation of oil and gas activities on our lands. If previously unidentified environmental problems arise, we may have to make substantial payments, which could adversely affect our cash flow. As an owner of properties, we may have to pay for property damage and for investigation and cleanup costs incurred in connection with a contamination. The law typically imposes cleanup responsibility and liability regardless of whether an owner knew of or caused the contamination. Changes in environmental regulations or the discovery of environmental damage on our lands may cause the value of our lands to decline, may impact the development potential of our undeveloped land or could increase operating costs due to the cost of complying with new regulations. 

3

A significant portion of our revenues is derived from oil and gas activities on our lands. We rely on third parties to conduct that activity. 

We rely on third parties to conduct oil and gas exploration and production activity on our lands. If we are not successful in attracting third parties to conduct that activity or if there is any significant interruption in existing activity on our lands, our results of operations, financial condition and cash flows, would be adversely affected. Additionally, our ability to generate future earnings depends on third parties finding new production on our land to replace present production as it is depleted. Oil and gas prices, as well as new technology, will affect the possibility of replacing present production. 

Our revenues could be negatively impacted by declines in commodity prices for oil, natural gas, and timber, among others. 

We earn a significant portion of our operating income from the sale of commodities produced from our lands: oil and gas, and timber. Fluctuations in the prices for these commodities will directly impact our cash flow, net income and financial condition. 

Additionally, because certain of our lands are leased to farmers, declines in the commodity prices for the crops they grow may impact their ability to make lease payments, and therefore could adversely affect our cash flow, results of operations and financial condition. 

The COVID-19 pandemic created a global health crisis and an unprecedented disruption of commercial activity around the world, including in Louisiana. The severity and effect of the pandemic are constantly evolving, and its future consequences are uncertain, so we cannot predict how it may affect our future financial condition and results of operations. 

In response to the COVID-19 pandemic, government authorities around the world implemented stay-at-home and other social distancing orders, travel restrictions, quarantines and other measures that required many businesses, including some of our business partners and customers, to close or limit their operations. Disruptions in commercial activity and changes in consumer spending resulting from the pandemic significantly affected worldwide commerce and the global economy. Although we operated continuously throughout the pandemic, and while effective COVID-19 vaccines, treatments and other measures have led to improved conditions in the U.S. and many other countries, we cannot predict how the pandemic and new variants of coronavirus could impact our operations in the future. Among other possible effects, the pandemic could materially and adversely affect us in the following ways: 

We have two employees, who are our President/Treasurer and Chief Financial Officer. Although our Board of Directors has an emergency management succession plan in case they become unavailable due to illness or death from COVID-19 (or for other reasons), the transition in management to their interim successors may be impeded by the lack of other employees. In addition, it may be more difficult for our Board of Directors to attract and retain a permanent replacement for their positions. Likewise, if a significant number of our directors were to be incapacitated by the virus, the continuity of our operations might be materially and adversely affected. 

We depend on third parties for the generation of revenues, such as exploration and production companies, land management companies, surface lessees and timber mills. If any of these businesses limit or suspend their operations due to the pandemic or its economic effects, our operations could be materially, adversely affected. We may be unable to determine whether declines in income-producing activities on our lands are the result of the pandemic or other conditions. 

A recession in Louisiana where our lands are located may depress the values of our lands and falling commodity prices could continue to reduce certain of our revenue streams. 

The direct and indirect effects of the pandemic are widespread and may evolve. It is possible that the pandemic and economic conditions resulting from the pandemic could affect our business in the future in ways that we do not or cannot now anticipate. 

Our overall business is subject to risks associated with the real estate industry. 

We are subject to all risks related to investment in real estate, many of which relate to the general lack of liquidity of real estate investments, including, but not limited to: 

changes in general or local economic conditions where our properties are located, including but not limited to the recent increase in interest rates and broad uncertainty regarding U.S. macroeconomic conditions; 

lack of availability of financing at favorable rates (or at all) that may render the purchase, sale or refinancing of a property more difficult or unattractive; 

changes in real estate and zoning laws; and 

increases in real estate taxes and insurance costs. 

4

Our common stock may not have an active, liquid, and orderly trading market, and our stock price may be volatile. 

Our common stock may not have an active, liquid, and orderly trading market due to the relatively low number of shares that are available for trading. Active, liquid, and orderly trading markets usually result in less price volatility and more efficiency in carrying out purchase and sale orders. The trading volume in our common stock may fluctuate and cause price variations to occur. 

The market price of our common stock could also vary significantly because of a number of other factors, some of which are beyond our control, including the following: 

actual or anticipated variations in our quarterly operating results or dividends; 

changes in our results of operations or cash flows; 

publication of research reports about us or the real estate industry; 

changes in market valuations of similar companies; 

speculation in the press or investment community; 

the realization of any of the other risk factors presented in this annual report; 

the extent of investor interest in our common stock; 

our underlying asset value; 

investor confidence in the stock and bond markets, generally; 

changes in tax laws; and 

general market and economic conditions. 

If the per share trading price of our common stock declines significantly, stockholders may be unable to resell their shares at or above the price paid for them. We cannot assure stockholders that the per share trading price of our common stock will not fluctuate or decline significantly in the future. 

In the past, securities class action litigation has often been instituted against companies following periods of volatility in the price of their common stock. This type of litigation could result in substantial costs and divert our management s attention and resources, which could have an adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations, cash flows and our ability to pay dividends on, and the per share trading price of, our common stock. 

We could be adversely affected if we grow our Company by acquiring additional land or other assets, including operating businesses, but fail to successfully integrate the acquired asset into our existing business. 

Our Board of Directors regularly evaluates a range of strategic alternatives and the Board and management conduct due diligence activities in connection with such alternatives. These include opportunities for growth though the acquisitions of land or other assets or business combinations, dispositions of assets and reinvestment of the proceeds, and other alternatives. We cannot assure you that the Board s evaluations or the Company s due diligence activities will result in any transaction or other course of action. For example, we may have difficulty identifying suitable assets to acquire or consummating transactions on terms that are favorable. 

We also cannot assure you that any transaction we do enter into will be successful. Significant expansion involves risks, such as: 

the availability and terms of financing for the transaction and its effect on our financial condition; 

increased expenses and working capital needs; 

successfully integrating an acquired asset into our existing business, including: 

o 

the distraction of our current management from our existing business operations; 

o 

the potential loss of key employees or customers of an acquired business; 

o 

identifying key managers to run an acquired business; 

o 

implementing and maintaining consistent standards, controls, procedures and information systems across the company; 

o 

managing the geographic distance of an acquired asset from our other assets and management team; and 

o 

exposure to unforeseen or undisclosed liabilities of any acquired asset. 

If we are unable to integrate a new asset into our existing business and manage a larger overall company efficiently, the expansion could adversely affect our operations, financial results and prospects, and we might not realize the cost savings and synergies we expected from the expansion. Additionally, the diversion of management s time and attention from our day-to-day operations could adversely impact our performance. 

ITEM 1B. 

UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS 

Not applicable. 

5

ITEM 2. 

PROPERTIES 

The Company owns approximately 13,699 net acres all located in Louisiana. The approximate gross and net acres located in each Louisiana parish are presented below. 

Parish 

Gross Acres 

Net Acres 

Segment(s) 

Calcasieu 

15,761 

4,660 

Oil and gas, timber and surface 

Jefferson Davis 

9,759 

2,330 

Oil and gas, timber and surface 

Allen 

7,988 

2,428 

Oil and gas, timber and surface 

Beauregard 

7,323 

3,554 

Oil and gas, timber and surface 

Cameron 

1,248 

274 

Oil and gas, surface 

LaFourche 

240 

40 

Oil and gas 

Natchitoches 

200 

200 

Timber 

Vermilion 

180 

30 

Oil and gas, surface 

Rapides 

129 

129 

Timber 

St. Landry 

42 

4 

Timber 

Sabine 

50 

50 

Timber 

Total 

42,920 

13,699 

Included in the 13,699 net acres presented above, are approximately 7,392 acres owned 100 by the Company. The Louisiana parish location for these 100 owned lands is presented below: 

Parish 

Acres 

Segment(s) 

Beauregard 

2,720 

Oil and gas, timber and surface 

Calcasieu 

2,326 

Oil and gas, timber and surface 

Allen 

1,121 

Oil and gas, timber and surface 

Jefferson Davis 

684 

Timber and surface 

Natchitoches 

200 

Timber and surface 

Cameron 

162 

None 

Rapides 

129 

Timber 

Sabine 

50 

Timber 

Total 

7,392 

For management purposes, the Company classifies the 13,699 net acres owned by CKX as follows: 10,357 net acres are timber lands, 2,253 net acres are agriculture lands, 895 net acres are marsh lands, and 194 net acres are located in metropolitan areas. 

ITEM 3. 

LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 

From time to time, we may become involved in various lawsuits and legal proceedings which arise in the ordinary course of business. Litigation is subject to inherent uncertainties, and an adverse result in these or other matters may arise from time to time that may harm our business. The Company was not involved in any legal proceedings as of December 31, 2022. 

ITEM 4. 

MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 

Not applicable. 

 PART II 

ITEM 5. 

MARKET FOR THE REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 

The Company s common stock trades on the NYSE American under the trading symbol CKX. 

6

Common Stock 

As of March 24, 2023, there were 1,974,427 shares outstanding. There were no sales of unregistered securities of the Company and no purchases of CKX equity securities by the Company during 2022 (other than shares that were withheld by the Company to satisfy tax withholding obligations of stock plan participants incurred upon the vesting of stock awards). 

Holders 

On March 24, 2023, we had 284 stockholders of record. 

Dividend Policy 

The Company does not currently pay dividends on a regular basis. In determining whether to declare a dividend, the Board of Directors takes into account the Company s prior fiscal year s cash flows from operations and the current economic conditions among other information deemed relevant. 

Pursuant to a dividend reversion clause in the Company s Articles of Incorporation, dividends not claimed within one year after a dividend becomes payable will expire and revert in full ownership to the Company and the Company s obligation to pay such dividend will cease. During 2022 and 2021, the Company received no dividend reversions. 

ITEM 6. 

[RESERVED] 

ITEM 7. 

MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 

The following discussion of our financial condition and results of operations should be read in conjunction with our unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements and the notes to those financial statements appearing elsewhere in this Report. 

Overview 

CKX Lands, Inc., a Louisiana corporation, began operations in 1930 under the name Calcasieu Real Estate Oil Co., Inc. It was originally organized as a spin-off by a bank operating in southwest Louisiana. The purpose of the spin-off was to form an entity to hold non-producing mineral interests which regulatory authorities required the bank to charge off. Over the years, as some of the mineral interests began producing, the Company used part of the proceeds to acquire land. In 1990, the Company made its largest acquisition when it was one of four purchasers who bought a fifty percent undivided interest in approximately 35,575 acres in southwest Louisiana. 

Today the Company s income is derived from mineral royalties, timber sales and surface payments from its lands. CKX receives income from royalty interests and mineral leases related to oil and gas production, timber sales, land sales and surface rents. Although CKX is active in the management of its land and planting and harvesting its timber, CKX is passive in the production of income from oil and gas production in that CKX does not explore for oil and gas or operate wells. These oil and gas activities are performed by unrelated third parties. 

CKX leases its property to oil and gas operators and collects income through its land ownership in the form of oil and gas royalties and lease rentals and geophysical revenues. The Company s oil and gas income fluctuates as new oil and gas production is discovered on Company land and then ultimately depletes or becomes commercially uneconomical to produce. The volatility in the daily commodity pricing of a barrel of oil or a thousand cubic feet, or MCF, of gas will also cause fluctuations in the Company s oil and gas income. These commodity prices are affected by numerous factors and uncertainties external to CKX s business and over which it has no control, including the global supply and demand for oil and gas, and domestic and global economic conditions, among other factors. 

CKX has small royalty interests in 20 different producing oil and gas fields. The size of each royalty interest is determined by the Company s net ownership in the acreage unit for the well. CKX s royalty interests range from 0.0045 for the smallest to 7.62 for the largest. As the Company does not own or operate the wells, it does not have access to any reserve information. Eventually, the oil and gas reserves under the Company s current land holdings will be depleted. 

Timber income is derived from sales of timber on Company lands. The timber income will fluctuate depending on our ability to secure stumpage agreements in the regional markets, timber stand age, and/or stumpage commodity prices. Timber is a renewable resource that the Company actively manages. 

Surface income is earned from various recurring and non-recurring sources. Recurring surface income is earned from lease arrangements for farming, recreational and commercial uses. Non-recurring surface income can include such activities as pipeline right of ways, and temporary worksite rentals. 

7

In managing its lands, the Company relies on and has established relationships with real estate, forestry, environmental and agriculture consultants as well as attorneys with legal expertise in general corporate matters, real estate, and minerals. 

The Company actively searches for additional real estate for purchase in Louisiana with a focus on southwest Louisiana and on timberland and agricultural land. When evaluating unimproved real estate for purchase, the Company will consider numerous characteristics including but not limited to, timber fitness, agriculture fitness, future development opportunities and/or mineral potential. When evaluating improved real estate for purchase, the Company will consider characteristics including, but not limited to, geographic location, quality of existing revenue streams, and/or quality of the improvements. 

The Company s Board of Directors regularly evaluates a range of strategic alternatives that could increase shareholder value, and the Board and management conduct due diligence activities in connection with such alternatives. These include opportunities for growth though the acquisitions of land or other assets, business combinations, dispositions of assets and reinvestment of the proceeds, and other alternatives. We cannot assure you that the Board s evaluations or the Company s due diligence activities will result in any transaction or other course of action. 

Recent Developments 

In the first quarter of 2019, the Company began developing several ranchette-style subdivisions on certain of its lands in Calcasieu and Beauregard Parishes using existing road rights of way. The Company has identified demand in those areas for ranchette-style lots, which consist of more than three acres each, and the Board of Directors and management believe this project will allow the Company to realize a return on its investment in the applicable lands after payment of expenses. The Company has completed and recorded plats for three subdivisions. The three subdivisions are located on approximately 415 acres in Calcasieu Parish and approximately 160 acres in Beauregard Parish and contain an aggregate of 39 lots. As of December 31, 2022, the Company has closed on the sale of 21 of the 39 lots. As of the date of this report one sale was pending, and the Company is actively marketing the remaining lots. 

The Company is working to identify additional undeveloped acres owned by the Company in Southwest Louisiana that would likewise be suitable for residential subdivisions. 

Summary of Fiscal Year 2022 Results 

The Company s net loss for the year ended December 31, 2022 was a decrease of 2,137,067 from net income of 819,349 for the year ended December 31, 2021. This decrease was attributable to lower gains on sales of land by approximately 1.0 million and current year stock compensation expense of approximately 2.3 million attributable to the Company s first ever grant of stock-based compensation, which occurred in the second quarter of the fiscal year. The Company has granted awards for all of the shares that are issuable under its stock incentive plan, and no further awards may be made under the plan. 

Results of Operations - for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 

Revenue 

Total revenues for 2022 were 1,105,494, an increase of approximately 48 when compared with 2021 revenues of 744,545. Total revenue consists of oil and gas, timber, and surface revenues. Components of revenues for the year ended December 31, 2022 as compared to 2021, are as follows: 

Years Ended December 31, 

2022 

2021 

Change from 
			 Prior Year 

Percent Change 
			 from Prior Year 

Revenues: 

Oil and gas 

596,755 

364,907 

231,848 

63.5 

Timber sales 

219,974 

151,102 

68,872 

45.6 

Surface revenue 

288,765 

228,536 

60,229 

26.4 

Total revenues 

1,105,494 

744,545 

360,949 

48.5 

8

Oil and Gas 

Oil and gas revenues were 54 and 49 of total revenues for 2022 and 2021, respectively. A breakdown of oil and gas revenues for the years ended December 31, 2022, as compared to 2021 are as follows: 

Years Ended December 31, 

2022 

2021 

Change from 
			 Prior Year 

Percent Change 
			 from Prior Year 

Oil 

455,277 

324,198 

131,079 

40.4 

Gas 

108,852 

36,957 

71,895 

194.5 

Lease and geophysical 

32,626 

3,752 

28,874 

769.6 

Total revenues 

596,755 

364,907 

231,848 

63.5 

CKX received oil and/or gas revenues from 95 and 73 wells during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

The following schedule summarizes barrels and MCF produced and average price per barrel and per MCF for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021: 

Years Ended 

December 31, 

2022 

2021 

Net oil produced (Bbl)(2) 

4,719 

5,072 

Average oil sales price (per Bbl)(1,2) 

96.48 

63.92 

Net gas produced (MCF) 

14,891 

10,410 

Average gas sales price (per MCF)(1) 

7.31 

3.55 

(1) Before deduction of production costs and severance taxes 

(2) Excludes plant products 

Oil revenues increased for the year ended December 31, 2022, as compared to 2021, by 131,079. Gas revenues increased for the year ended December 31, 2022, as compared to 2021, by 71,895. As indicated from the schedule above, the increase in oil revenues was due to an increase in net oil produced and an increase in the average oil sales price per barrel. The increase in gas revenues was due to an increase in the average price per MCF and an increase in net gas produced. 

The following eight fields produced 94.31 of the Company s oil and gas revenues in 2022. The following table shows the number of barrels of oil (Bbl Oil) and MCF of gas (MCF Gas) produced from these fields. 

Field 

Bbl Oil 

MCF Gas 

South Bear Head Creek 

2,139 

948 

Reeves 

608 

354 

Gonzales County 

830 

290 

Castor Creek 

406 

- 

Cowards Gully 

1,257 

- 

South Lake Charles 

209 

2,239 

Lake Arthur 

106 

2,186 

South Elton 

50 

4,323 

9

The following eight fields produced 96.42 of the Company s oil and gas revenues in 2021. The following table shows the number of barrels of oil (Bbl Oil) and MCF of gas (MCF Gas) produced from these fields. 

Field 

Bbl Oil 

MCF Gas 

South Bear Head Creek 

1,260 

2,476 

Reeves 

881 

163 

Gonzales County 

840 

493 

Castor Creek 

680 

0 

Cowards Gully 

500 

109 

South Lake Charles 

348 

3,143 

Lake Arthur 

77 

1,893 

North Indian Village 

334 

1,565 

The Company was a lessor in the following non-producing mineral leases: 

Activity 

2022 

2021 

Bonus lease 

0 

0 

Delay lease 

1 

1 

Gross acres 

5152 

230 

Net acres 

859 

38 

Lease and geophysical revenues increased for the year ended December 31, 2022, as compared to 2021, by 28,874. These revenues are dependent on oil and gas producers activities, are not predictable and can vary significantly from year to year. 

Timber 

Timber revenues were 20 and 20 of total revenues for 2022 and 2021, respectively. Timber revenues increased for the year ended December 31, 2022, as compared to the year ended December 31, 2021, by 68,872. Management believes demand for timber in the Company s region has improved over the last year, partially driven by end customers investing in additional mill assets that are more proximate to the Company s timber. 

Surface 

Surface revenues were 26 and 31 of total revenues for 2022 and 2021, respectively. Surface revenues increased for the year ended December 31, 2022, as compared to 2021, by 60,229. This increase is reflective of increased economic activity in the region, including industrial project development and pipeline construction. 

Costs and Expenses 

Oil and gas costs increased for the year ended December 31, 2022 as compared to 2021 by 8,627. These variances are due to the normal variations in year to year costs, which correlate directly with variations in revenues. 

Timber costs increased for the year ended December 31, 2022 as compared to 2021 by 16,980. This is primarily due to increased timber management costs. 

General and administrative expenses increased for the year ended December 31, 2022 as compared to 2021 by 2,224,144. This is primarily due to increased officer stock-based compensation offset by a decrease in commissions and transaction fees. 

Gain on Sale of Land and Equipment 

Gain on sale of land was 18,972 and 1,025,735 for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. For the year ended December 31, 2022, this consisted of a gain on the sale of two tracts of land. For the year ended December 31, 2021, this consisted of 19 tracts of land including 13 lots in subdivisions and one sale to a local government for a water plant. 

Outlook for Fiscal Year 2023 

The Company will continue to consider and evaluate commercial, agricultural and timber lands, and other business opportunities for acquisitions and to evaluate its current holdings for divestiture. The Company will consider purchases outside of southwest Louisiana and will consider developing its properties for commercial or residential purposes. 

10

The Company will continue to actively market its timber. Due to damage to the Company s timber stands from Hurricanes Laura and Delta in 2020, the Company sold some of its timber in 2021 at salvage prices. Stumpage prices have improved year over year, and management is optimistic they will continue to improve. The Company will seek to enter into additional stumpage agreements. 

The Company began directly managing its lands in 2017, except for approximately 5,030 acres of timber property in which the Company owns an undivided 1/6 interest, which is managed by Walker Louisiana Properties. The Company believes direct land management and continuing economic activity in southwest Louisiana may be a catalyst for increased surface revenue. 

Liquidity and Capital Resources 

Sources of Liquidity 

The Company s current assets totaled 8,307,928 and current liabilities equaled 267,176 at December 31, 2022. 

As of December 31, 2022, and 2021, the Company had no outstanding debt. 

In the opinion of management, cash and cash equivalents are adequate for projected operations and possible land acquisitions. 

The Company s Board of Directors regularly evaluates a range of strategic alternatives that could increase shareholder value, and the Board and management conduct due diligence activities in connection with such alternatives. These include opportunities for growth though the acquisitions of land or other assets or business combinations, dispositions of assets and reinvestment of the proceeds, and other alternatives. The cost and terms of any financing to be raised in conjunction with any growth opportunity, including the Company s ability to raise debt or equity capital on terms and at costs satisfactory to the Company, and the effect of such opportunities on the Company s balance sheet, are critical considerations in any such evaluation. 

Analysis of Cash Flows 

Net cash provided by (used in) operating activities changed by 677,364 to 413,691 for the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to 263,673) for the year ended December 31, 2021. The change in cash provided by (used in) operating activities was attributable primarily to the increase in sales of 360,949 and a decrease in operating expenses, excluding the increase of stock-based compensation expense and gain on sale of land. 

Net cash provided by (used in) investing activities was (498,765) and 1,210,291 for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. For the year ended December 31, 2022, this consisted of purchases of certificates of deposit of 1,000,000, costs of reforesting timber of 16,461, and purchase of property and equipment of 12,835, offset by sales of mutual funds of 511,559 and proceeds from the sale of fixed assets of 18,972. For the year ended December 31, 2021, this included proceeds from the sale of fixed assets of 1,233,197, partially offset by purchases of mutual funds of 237, costs of reforesting timber of 18,606 and purchases of land of 4,063. 

Net cash provided by (used in) financing activities was (176,592) and 0 for the year ended December 31, 2022, and 2021, respectively. For the year ended December 31, 2022, this consisted of repurchases of common stock of 176,592. 

Significant Accounting Policies 

For a discussion of significant accounting policies, see Note 1 in the notes to our audited financial statements included elsewhere in this Form 10-K. 

Off Balance Sheet Arrangements 

We do not have any off-balance sheet arrangements, financings, or other relationships with unconsolidated entities or other persons, also known as special purpose entities (SPEs). 

ITEM 7A. 

QUANTATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 

Disclosure in response to this item is not required of a smaller reporting company . 

ITEM 8. 

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPORTING DATA 

The Company s financial statements, together with the report of the independent registered public accounting firm thereon and the notes thereto, are presented beginning at page F-1. The Company s balance sheets as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 and the related statements of operations, changes in stockholders equity and cash flows for the years then ended have been audited by MaloneBailey, LLP. MaloneBailey, LLP is an independent registered public accounting firm. These financial statements have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America GAAP and pursuant to Regulation S-K as promulgated by the Securities and Exchange Commission and are included herein pursuant to Part II, Item 8 of this Form 10-K. 

11

ITEM 9. 

CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE 

None. 

ITEM 9A. 

CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 

Conclusion Regarding the Effectiveness of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 

We conducted an evaluation, under the supervision and with the participation of our principal executive and financial officers, of the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures as of December 31, 2022. Disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act) are designed to provide reasonable assurance that information required to be disclosed in our reports filed under the Exchange Act, such as this Annual Report on Form 10-K, is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms. Disclosure controls and procedures also include, without limitation, controls and procedures that are designed to provide reasonable assurance that such information is accumulated and communicated to our principal executive and financial officers, as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 

The evaluation of our disclosure controls and procedures included a review of the control objectives and design, our implementation of the controls and the effect of the controls on the information generated for use in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. After conducting this evaluation, our principal executive and financial officers concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures, as defined by Rule 13a-15(e) under the Exchange Act, were effective as of December 31, 2022 to provide reasonable assurance that information required to be disclosed in this Annual Report on Form 10-K was recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms and was accumulated and communicated to our principal executive and financial officers, as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 

Management's Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 

Management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Rule 13a-15(f) of the Exchange Act). Internal control over financial reporting is the process designed under the principal executive and financial officers supervision, and effected by our Board of Directors, the principal executive and financial officers and other personnel, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles in the United States. 

There are inherent limitations in the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting, including the possibility that misstatements may not be prevented or detected. Accordingly, an effective control system, no matter how well designed and operated, can provide only reasonable assurance of achieving the designed control objectives, and management is required to apply its judgment in evaluating the cost-benefit relationship of possible controls and procedures. Because of the inherent limitations in all control systems, no evaluation of controls can provide absolute assurance that all control issues and instances of fraud, if any, within the Company have been detected. The design of any system of controls is also based in part upon certain assumptions about the likelihood of future events, and there can be no assurance that any design will succeed in achieving its stated goals under all potential future conditions. 

Under the supervision and with the participation of our principal executive and financial officers, we conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, as required by Exchange Act Rule 13a-15(c). In making this assessment, we used the criteria set forth by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission COSO in the 2013 Internal Control - Integrated Framework. Based on our assessment under the framework in Internal Control - Integrated Framework (2013 framework), our principal executive and financial officers concluded that our internal control over financial reporting was not effective as of December 31, 2022, due to a material weakness. 

In 2022, management retained a third-party service provider to assist with developing a valuation methodology for the estimation of accruals for share-based compensation expense. The valuation methodology used by the Company did not correctly determine the fair value and derived service period of certain share-based awards that were granted during the year ended December 31, 2022, which resulted in adjustments to stock-based compensation expense. The terms of the awards have not changed, no new awards have been granted, and the accrual of additional compensation expense is based solely upon a change in accounting conventions by the Company. The changes to our expense recognition policies do not reflect, in management s opinion, an increased likelihood of awards vesting. Management believes that the impact of the material weakness was limited to the valuation methodology employed for calculating our share-based compensation expense. 

12

In response to the above, management has adopted a policy to consider and retain third-party service providers for matters relating to significant accounting policies in consultation with and with the approval of the audit committee of the Board of Directors.. Having now adopted a share-based payment valuation methodology that complies with GAAP, and in light of management s policy regarding the selection of third-party service providers, management believes it has eliminated the material weakness. 

Changes in Internal Controls over Financial Reporting 

During the year ended December 31, 2022, there were no changes in our internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) under the Exchange Act) that occurred during the year ended December 31, 2022 that materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 

We believe that a control system, no matter how well designed and operated, cannot provide absolute assurance that the objectives of the control system are met, and no evaluation of controls can provide absolute assurance that all control issues and instances of fraud, if any, within any company have been detected. 

Item 9B. 

OTHER INFORMATION 

None. 

Item 9C. 

DISCLOSURE REGARDING FOREIGN JURISDICTIONS THAT PREVENT INSPECTIONS 

Not applicable. 

PART III 

ITEM 10. 

DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS, AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 

The information required by Item 10 will be included in the Registrant s definitive proxy statement to be filed pursuant to Section 14(a) of the Exchange Act of 1934 and is incorporated herein by reference. 

ITEM 11. 

EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 

The information required by Item 11 will be included in the Registrant s definitive proxy statement to be filed pursuant to Section 14(a) of the Exchange Act of 1934 and is incorporated herein by reference. 

ITEM 12. 

SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS 

Certain information required by Item 12 will be included in the Registrant s definitive proxy statement to be filed pursuant to Section 14(a) of the Exchange Act and is incorporated herein by reference. 

The following table provides information as of December 31, 2022, about equity compensation plans (including individual compensation arrangements) under which equity securities of the Registrant are authorized for issuance. The Registrant s only equity compensation plan is its stock incentive plan approved by its shareholders on May 6, 2021. Awards under the plan must consist of restricted stock units and performance shares. As of the date of this report, awards for all of the shares issuable under the plan have been granted. 

13

Plan category 

Number of securities 

			 to be issued upon 

			 exercise of 

			 outstanding options, 

			 warrants and rights 

Weighted-average 

			 exercise price of 

			 outstanding options, 

			 warrants and rights 

Number of securities 

			 remaining available 

			 for future issuance 

			 under equity 

			 compensation plans 

			 (excluding securities 

			 reflected in column 

			 (a)) 

(a) 

(b) 

(c) 

Equity compensation plans approved by security holders 

357,000 

Equity compensation plans not approved by security holders 

Total 

357,000 

ITEM 13. 

CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS 

The information required by Item 13 will be included in the Registrant s definitive proxy statement to be filed pursuant to Section 14(a) of the Exchange Act and is incorporated herein by reference. 

ITEM 14. 

PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTANTS FEES AND SERVICES 

The information required by Item 14 will be included in the Registrant s definitive proxy statement to be filed pursuant to Section 14(a) of the Exchange Act and is incorporated herein by reference. 

PART IV 

ITEM 15. 

EXHIBITS, FINANCIAL STATEMENTS SCHEDULES 

(a) 

Documents filed as part of this report: 

(1) 

Financial Statements. The financial statements filed as part of this report are listed in the Table of Contents to Financial Statements appearing immediately after the signature page of this Form 10-K and are included herein by reference. 

(2) 

Financial Statement Schedules. Financial Statement Schedules are not required. 

(3) 

Exhibits. See (b) below 

14

(b) Exhibits: 

3.1 

Restated Articles of Incorporation of the Registrant (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to Form 10-K (File No. 001-31905) for year ended December 31, 2018 filed on March 21, 2019). 

3.2 

Amendment to Articles of Incorporation of the Registrant (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.2 to Form 10-K (File No. 001-31905) for year ended December 31, 2003 filed on March 19, 2004). 

3.3 

Articles of Amendment to the Restated Articles of Incorporation of the Registrant (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.3 to Form 10-K (File No. 001-31905) for year ended December 31, 2018 filed on March 21, 2019). 

3.4 

Amended and Restated By-Laws of the Registrant (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to Form 8-K (File No. 001-31905) filed on August 9, 2019). 

4.1 

Description of capital stock (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to Form 10-K (File No. 001-31905) for the year ended December 31, 2019, filed on March 16, 2020). 

10.1+ 

First Amended and Restated Executive Employment Agreement between the Registrant and William Gray Stream dated May 9, 2022 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Form 8-K (File No. 001-31905) filed on May 9, 2022). 

10.2+ 

Executive Employment Agreement between the Registrant and Scott Stepp dated May 9, 2022 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to Form 8-K (File No. 001-31905) filed on May 9, 2022) . 

10.3+ 

CKX Lands, Inc. Stock Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.5 to the Registration Statement on Form S-8 filed on May 28, 2021, Registration No. 333-256589). 

10.4+ 

Stock Award Agreement dated June 13, 2022 between the Registrant and W. Gray Stream (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to Form 10-Q (File No. 001.-31905) for the quarter ended June 30, 2022). 

10.5+ 

Stock Award Agreement dated June 13, 2022 between the Registrant and Scott A. Stepp (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to Form 10-Q (File No. 001.-31905) for the quarter ended June 30, 2022) . 

23.1 

Consent of MaloneBailey, LLP. 

31.1 

Certification of W. Gray Stream, President and Treasurer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

31.2 

Certification of Scott Stepp, Chief Financial Officer, pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

32.1 

Certification of W. Gray Stream, President and Treasurer Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

32.2 

Certification of Scott Stepp, Chief Financial Officer, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1320 and Section 906 of the Sarbanes- Oxley Act of 2002. 

101.INS 

Inline XBRL Instance 

101.SCH 

Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema 

101.CAL 

Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation 

101.DEF 

Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition 

101.LAB 

Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Labels 

101.PRE 

Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation 

104 

Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101) 

Filed herewith 

Furnished herewith 

+ 

Management contract or compensatory plan or arrangement. 

ITEM 16. 

FORM 10-K SUMMARY 

None. 

15

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized on March 31, 2023. 

CKX LANDS, INC. 

By: 

/s/W. Gray Stream 

W. Gray Stream 

President 

(Principal Executive Officer) 

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities indicated on March 31, 2023. 

/s/ W. Gray Stream 

W. Gray Stream 

President and Chairman of the Board of Directors 

			 (Principal Executive Officer) 

/s/ Scott A. Stepp 

Scott A. Stepp 

Chief Financial Officer 

(Principal Financial Officer) 

/s/ Lee W. Boyer 

Lee W. Boyer 

Secretary and Director 

/s/ Keith Duplechin 

Keith Duplechin 

Director 

/s/ Daniel J. Englander 

Daniel J. Englander 

Director 

/s/ Max H. Hart 

Max H. Hart 

Director 

/s/ Lane LaMure 

Lane LaMure 

Director 

/s Eugene T. Minvielle, IV 

Eugene T. Minvielle 

Director 

/s/ Mary Leach Werner 

Mary Leach Werner 
			 
			 Director 

16

CKX LANDS, INC. 

CONTENTS 

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Page 

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM (PCAOB ID: 

F-2 

BALANCE SHEETS 

F-3 

STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 

F-4 

STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY 

F-5 

STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 

F-6 

NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

F-7 

F-1

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

To the Shareholders and Board of Directors of 

 CKX Lands, Inc. 

Opinion on the Financial Statements 

We have audited the accompanying balance sheets of CKX Lands, Inc. (the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the related statements of operations, changes in stockholders equity, and cash flows for the years then ended, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the financial statements ). In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for the years then ended, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 

Basis for Opinion 

These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) ("PCAOB") and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits, we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company's internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 

Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

Critical Audit Matters 

Critical audit matters are matters arising from the current period audit of the financial statements that were communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that: (1) relate to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. We determined that there are no critical audit matters. 

/s/ 

 www.malonebailey.com 

 We have served as the Company's auditor since 2015. 

March 31, 2023 

F-2

CKX LANDS, INC. 

 BALANCE SHEETS 

December 31, 

2022 

2021 

ASSETS 

Current assets: 

Cash and cash equivalents 

Certificates of deposit 

Equity investment in mutual funds 

Accounts receivable 

Prepaid expense and other assets 

Total current assets 

Property and equipment, net 

Deferred tax asset 

Total assets 

LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY 

Current liabilities: 

Trade payables and accrued expenses 

Unearned revenue 

Total current liabilities 

Deferred income tax payable 

Total liabilities 

Stockholders' equity: 

Common stock, shares authorized, par value, and shares issued and outstanding, respectively as of December 31, 2022, and shares issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2021 

Additional paid in capital 

Treasury stock, shares, at cost 

Retained earnings 

Total stockholders' equity 

Total liabilities and stockholders' equity 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements. 

F-3

CKX LANDS, INC. 

 STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 

Years Ended December 31, 

2022 

2021 

Revenues: 

Oil and gas 

Timber sales 

Surface revenue 

Surface revenue - related party 

Total revenue 

Costs, expenses and (gains): 

Oil and gas costs 

Timber costs 

Surface costs 

General and administrative expense 

Depreciation expense 

Gain on sale of land 

(1,025,735 

Total costs, expenses and (gains) 

(Loss) income from operations 

Interest income 

Miscellaneous income 

(Loss) income before income taxes 

Federal and state income tax expense (benefit): 

Current 

Deferred 

Total income taxes 

Net (loss) income 

Net income (loss) per share: 

Basic and diluted 

Weighted-average shares used in per share calculation: 

Basic and diluted 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements. 

F-4

CKX LANDS, INC. 

			 STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY 

Common Stock 

Additional Paid-In 

Retained 

Total 

Shares 

Amount 

Treasury Stock 

Capital 

Earnings 

Equity 

Balances, December 31, 2021 

Issuances under share-based compensation 

- 

Share-based compensation 

- 

Repurchases of common stock 

- 

(176,592 

Net loss 

- 

Balances, December 31, 2022 

Common Stock 

Additional Paid-In 

Retained 

Total 

Shares 

Amount 

Treasury Stock 

Capital 

Earnings 

Equity 

Balances, December 31, 2020 

Net income 

- 

Balances, December 31, 2021 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements. 

F-5

CKX LANDS, INC. 

 STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 

Years Ended 

December 31, 

2022 

2021 

CASH FLOWS FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES 

Net income (loss) 

Adjustments to reconcile net income (loss) to net cash used in operating activities: 

Depreciation expense 

Deferred income tax expense 

Depletion expense 

Gain on sale of land 

Unrealized (gain) loss on equity investment in mutual funds 

Share-based compensation 

Changes in operating assets and liabilities: 

(Increase) decrease in current assets 

Increase (decrease) in current liabilities 

Net cash provided by (used in) operating activities 

CASH FLOWS FROM INVESTING ACTIVITIES 

Purchases of certificates of deposit 

Sales of mutual funds 

Purchase of property and equipment 

Costs of reforesting timber 

Purchases of land 

Proceeds from the sale of fixed assets 

Net cash (used in) provided by investing activities 

CASH FLOWS FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES 

Repurchases of common stock 

Net cash used in investing activities 

NET CHANGE IN CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS 

Cash and cash equivalents, beginning of the period 

Cash and cash equivalents, end of the period 

SUPPLEMENTAL CASH FLOW INFORMATION 

Cash paid for interest 

Cash paid for income taxes 

SUPPLEMENTAL DISCLOSURE OF NON-CASH INVESTING ACTIVITIES 

Sale of land accrued in accounts receivable 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements. 

F-6

CKX LANDS, INC. 

 NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

and , respectively, of mutual funds as equity securities. The Company invests in ultra-short, high quality U.S. dollar money market funds, foreign funds, and obligations issued by the U.S. Government. 

- 

Land improvements (years) 

, a dividend yield and an annual risk-free interest rate of each determined over a period consistent with the performance period associated with the awards with market conditions. The volatility was based on the last two-year period of our stock performance. The stock price projection for us assumes a dividend yield. This is mathematically equivalent to reinvesting dividends in the issuing entity over the performance period. The risk-free interest rate is equal to the yield, as of the measurement date, of the zero-coupon U.S. Treasury bill that is commensurate with the remaining performance measurement period. 

and as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. There are no capitalized contract costs associated with oil and gas contracts. The accounting for royalty income remains largely unchanged upon implementation of ASC 606. 

as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. There are no capitalized contract costs associated with timber contracts. No revenue has been recognized on the stumpage agreements held by the Company that are still open. The amount deposited by the customer is recognized as revenue against the first timber harvested. If no timber is harvested by the end of the contract the deposit is retained and recognized as income at contract end. The accounting of timber revenue remains largely unchanged upon implementation of ASC 606. 

restricted stock units and performance shares were excluded in the calculation of earnings per share as their effect is anti-dilutive due to the Company's net loss for such period. There were no dilutive shares outstanding for the year ended December 31, 2021. 

and , for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

The estimated fair value of the Company's financial instruments are as follows: 

Certificates of deposit 

2 

Equity investment in mutual funds 

1 

Total 

Timber 

Equipment 

Accumulated depreciation 

Total 

Depreciation expense was and for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Depletion expense was and for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

Jefferson Davis 

During the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company purchased the following lands: 

Jefferson Davis 

Land Sales 

During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company sold the following lands: 

Calcasieu 

4th 

Allen 

During the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company sold the following lands: 

Beauregard 

1st 

Calcasieu 

1st 

Calcasieu 

1st 

Beauregard 

1st 

Calcasieu 

1st 

Beauregard 

1st 

Calcasieu 

1st 

Calcasieu 

1st 

Calcasieu 

1st 

Calcasieu 

2nd 

Calcasieu 

2nd 

Beauregard 

2nd 

St. Landry 

2nd 

Calcasieu 

3rd 

Calcasieu 

3rd 

Beauregard 

3rd 

Calcasieu 

4th 

Allen 

4th 

Calcasieu 

For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, gains on sales of land were and , respectively. 

Lease fees 

Production costs 

Results before income tax expense 

Estimated income tax expense 

Results of operations from producing activities excluding corporate overhead 

Reserve information relating to estimated quantities of the Company's interest in proved reserves of natural gas and crude including condensate and natural gas liquids is not available. A schedule indicating such reserve quantities is, therefore, not presented. Such reserves are located entirely within the United States. All oil and gas royalties come from Company owned properties that were developed and produced by producers, unrelated to Company, under oil and gas mineral lease agreements. 

The Company s royalty and working interests share of oil and gas, exclusive of plant products, produced from leased properties were: 

Net oil produced (Bbl) 

General corporate assets 

Total 

Capital expenditures: 

Timber 

Surface 

General corporate assets 

Total segment costs and expenses 

Depreciation and depletion 

Oil and gas 

Timber 

General corporate assets 

Total 

Timber sales 

Surface revenue 

Total segment revenues 

Cost and expenses: 

Oil and gas costs 

Timber costs 

Surface costs 

Total segment costs and expenses 

Net income from operations: 

Oil and gas 

Timber 

Surface 

Total segment net income from operations 

Unallocated other income (expense) before income taxes 

Income (loss) before income taxes 

There are no intersegment sales reported in the accompanying statements of operations. The accounting policies of the segments are the same as those described in the summary of significant accounting policies. The Company evaluates performance based on income or loss from operations before income taxes excluding nonrecurring gains and losses on equity investment. Income before income tax represents net revenues less costs and expenses less other income and expenses of a general corporate nature. Identifiable assets by segment are those assets used solely in the Company's operations within that segment. 

2 

3 

4 

5 

6 

7 

8 

Deferred tax liabilities 

Reconciliations between the United States federal statutory income tax provision, using the statutory rate of , and the Company s provision for income taxes at December 31, 2022 and 2021 are as follows: 

Tax effect of the following: 

Federal statutory depletion 

State statutory depletion 

State income tax dedcution 

Federal income tax deduction 

Other 

Income tax on income 

Deferred income taxes asset and payable result from timing differences in the recognition of revenue and expenses for tax and financial statement purposes. The effect of these timing differences at December 31, 2022 and 2021 is as follows: 

Percentage Depletion Carryover 

Stock-Based Compensation 

Casualty loss 

Deferred gain 

The Company files income tax returns for federal and state purposes. Generally, the Company s tax returns remain open for three years for tax examination purposes. Tax positions are recognized when they are more likely than not to be sustained upon examination. The amount recognized is measured as the largest amount of benefit that is more likely than not to be realized upon settlement. The Company is subject to periodic audits by the Internal Revenue Service and other state and local taxing authorities. These audits may challenge certain of the Company s tax positions such as timing and amount of income and deductions and the allocation of taxable income to various tax jurisdictions. The Company evaluates its tax positions and establishes liabilities if significant in accordance with the applicable accounting guidance on uncertainty in income taxes. With few exceptions, the Company is no longer subject to U.S. Federal and state income tax examinations by the tax authorities for calendar years ending before December 31, 2018. 

. The terms of the lease provide for formulaic contingent payments to the Company based on the amount of revenue threshold. William Gray Stream, the President and a director of the Company, is the president of Stream Wetlands. 

The Company s President is also the President of Matilda Stream Management, Inc. MSM and the Chief Financial Officer is the Chief Investment Officer of MSM. MSM provides administrative and accounting services to the Company for no compensation. 

Surface revenue-related party was and for each of the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. All of this amount was attributable to the OTL with Stream Wetlands described above. 

restricted stock units that vest over a three -year period through July 15, 2024 and performance shares that vest upon achievement of certain stock price hurdles as measured during the period from July 15, 2020 through July 15, 2024. Each of the time-based and market-condition awards are subject to the recipient s continued service with us, the terms and conditions of our stock incentive plan and the applicable award agreement. No awards were issued in 2021. As of December 31, 2022, restricted stock units and performance shares vested and the underlying shares were issued to employees. 

The share-based compensation expense recognized is included in general and administrative expense in the consolidated statements of operations. The total fair value of the awards was of which was unrecognized stock-based compensation expense as of December 31, 2022. 

The plan participants elected to have the Company withhold shares of the shares earned to cover the employee payroll tax withholdings for the vested shares earned during the twelve-month period ended December 31, 2022. These shares are reported as treasury stock on the balance sheet. 

The share-based compensation expense recognized by award type was and for restricted stock units and performance shares, respectively, for the year ended December 31, 2022. 

F-15

<EX-23.1>
 2
 ex_494025.htm
 EXHIBIT 23.1

ex_494025.htm 

Exhibit 23.1 

CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

We consent to the incorporation by reference in the Registration Statement on Form S-8 (File No. 333-256589) of our report dated March 31, 2023 with respect to the audited financial statements of CKX Lands, Inc. (the Company appearing in this Annual Report on Form 10-K of the Company for the year ended December 31, 2022. 

/s/ MaloneBailey, LLP 

 www.malonebailey.com 

 Houston, Texas 

 March 31, 2023 

</EX-23.1>

<EX-31.1>
 3
 ex_494223.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.1

ex_494223.htm 

Exhibit 31.1 

CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE AND FINANCIAL OFFICER PURSUANT TO RULE 13A-14(A) AND RULE 15D-14(A) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, AS AMENDED 

I, W. Gray Steam, certify that: 

1. 

I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of CKX Lands, Inc. (the registrant 

2 

Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. 

Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. 

I am responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a) 

Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under my supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to me by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b) 

Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under my supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c) 

Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report my conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d) 

Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. 

I have disclosed, based on my most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a) 

All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b) 

Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

March 31, 2023 

/s/W. Gray Stream 

W. Gray Stream 

			 President 

			 (Principal executive officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 4
 ex_494224.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.2

ex_494224.htm 

Exhibit 31.2 

CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE AND FINANCIAL OFFICER PURSUANT TO RULE 13A-14(A) AND RULE 15D-14(A) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, AS AMENDED 

I, Scott A. Stepp, certify that: 

1. 

I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of CKX Lands, Inc. (the registrant 

2 

Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. 

Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. 

I am responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a) 

Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under my supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to me by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b) 

Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under my supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c) 

Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report my conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d) 

Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. 

I have disclosed, based on my most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a) 

All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b) 

Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

March 31, 2023 

/s/ Scott A. Stepp 

Scott A. Stepp 

			 Chief Financial Officer 

			 (Principal financial officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 5
 ex_494225.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.1

ex_494225.htm 

Exhibit 32.1 

Certification Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Sec. 1350 

 (Section 906 of the Sarbanes Oxley Act of 2002) 

In connection with the filing by CKX Lands, Inc. (the Company of the Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ending December 31, 2022 (the Report ), the undersigned hereby certifies, to the best of my knowledge, that: 

1. 

The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

2. 

The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

March 31, 2023 

/s/W. Gray Stream 

W. Gray Stream 

			 President 

			 (Principal executive officer) 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 6
 ex_494226.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.2

ex_494226.htm 

Exhibit 32.2 

Certification Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Sec. 1350 

 (Section 906 of the Sarbanes Oxley Act of 2002) 

In connection with the filing by CKX Lands, Inc. (the Company of the Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ending December 31, 2022 (the Report ), the undersigned hereby certifies, to the best of my knowledge, that: 

1. 

The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

2. 

The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

March 31, 2023 

/s/Scott A. Stepp 

Scott A. Stepp 

			 Chief Financial Officer 

			 (Principal financial officer) 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 7
 ckx-20221231.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.DEF>
 8
 ckx-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 9
 ckx-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 10
 ckx-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.PRE>

<EX-101.CAL>
 11
 ckx-20221231_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.CAL>

