<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230228_10-K_edgar_data_752642_0001493152-23-006265.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>18946401</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>395385</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>2049589</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>7808530</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>3524797</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>4501463</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>12</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001493152-23-006265.hdr.sgml : 20230228
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230228161737
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001493152-23-006265
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		98
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230228
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230228

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			UMH PROPERTIES, INC.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000752642
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	REAL ESTATE INVESTMENT TRUSTS [6798]
		IRS NUMBER:				221890929
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			MD
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-12690
		FILM NUMBER:		23685613

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		3499 ROUTE 9 N, SUITE 3-C
		STREET 2:		JUNIPER BUSINESS PLAZA
		CITY:			FREEHOLD
		STATE:			NJ
		ZIP:			07728
		BUSINESS PHONE:		7325779997

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		3499 ROUTE 9 N, SUITE 3-C
		STREET 2:		JUNIPER BUSINESS PLAZA
		CITY:			FREEHOLD
		STATE:			NJ
		ZIP:			07728

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	UNITED MOBILE HOMES INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19920703

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001493152-23-006265.txt : 20230228

10-K
 1
 form10-k.htm

UNITED
STATES 

 SECURITIES
AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

 Washington,
D.C. 20549 

FORM

ANNUAL
 REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15 (d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For
 the fiscal year ended , 

TRANSITION
 REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15 (d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For
 the transition period ____________________ to _____________________ 

Commission File Number 

(Exact
name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

(State
 or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) 
 
 (I.R.S.
 Employer identification number) 

, , , 

(Address
 of principal executive offices) 
 
 (Zip
 code) 

Registrant s
telephone number, including area code 

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 

Title
 of each class 
 
 Trading
 Symbol(s) 
 
 Name
 of exchange on which registered 

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: None 

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. 
 No 

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. 
Yes 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such
reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. 
 No 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule
405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant
was required to submit such files). No 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting
company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, 
 smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Accelerated
filer 

Non-accelerated
filer 
 
 Smaller
reporting company 

Emerging
growth company 

If
an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying
with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness
of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered
public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 

If
securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant
included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. 

Indicate
by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation
received by any of the registrant s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act). Yes 

Based
upon the assumption that directors and executive officers of the registrant are not affiliates of the registrant, the aggregate
market value of the voting stock of the registrant held by nonaffiliates of the registrant at June 30, 2022 was 965.4 million. Presuming
that such directors and executive officers are affiliates of the registrant, the aggregate market value of the voting stock of the registrant
held by nonaffiliates of the registrant at June 30, 2022 was million. 

The
number of shares outstanding of issuer s common stock as of February 27, 2023 was shares. 

Documents
Incorporated by Reference: 

- 

TABLE
OF CONTENTS 

PART I 
 3 
 
 Item 1 Business 
 3 
 
 Item 1A Risk Factors 
 10 
 
 Item 1B Unresolved Staff Comments 
 25 
 
 Item 2 Properties 
 25 
 
 Item 3 Legal Proceedings 
 37 
 
 Item 4 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 37 
 
 PART II 
 37 
 
 Item 5 Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 37 
 
 Item 6 Reserved 
 39 
 
 Item 7 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 39 
 
 Item 7A Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk 
 51 
 
 Item 8 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 52 
 
 Item 9 Changes in and Disagreements with Acriccountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 52 
 
 Item 9A Controls and Procedures 
 52 
 
 Item 9B Other Information 
 55 
 
 Item 9C Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdiction that Prevent Inspections 
 55 
 
 PART III 
 55 
 
 Item 10 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 55 
 
 Item 11 Executive Compensation 
 55 
 
 Item 12 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 55 
 
 Item 13 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 55 
 
 Item 14 Principal Accountant Fees and Services 
 55 
 
 PART IV 
 56 
 
 Item 15 Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules 
 56 
 
 Item 16 Form 10-K Summary 
 61 
 
 SIGNATURES 
 62 

- 2 - 

PART
I 

Item
1 Business 

General
Development of Business 

UMH
Properties, Inc. UMH ), together with its predecessors and consolidated subsidiaries, are referred to herein as we ,
 us , our , or the Company , unless the context requires otherwise. 

UMH
is a Maryland corporation that operates as a self-administered and self-managed qualified real estate investment trust REIT under Sections 856-860 of the Internal Revenue Code (the Code ). The Company elected REIT status effective January 1, 1992
and intends to maintain its qualification as a REIT in the future. As a qualified REIT, with limited exceptions, the Company will not
be taxed under Federal and certain state income tax laws at the corporate level on taxable income that it distributes to its shareholders.
For special tax provisions applicable to REITs, refer to Sections 856-860 of the Code. 

UMH
was incorporated in the state of New Jersey in 1968. On September 29, 2003, UMH changed its state of incorporation from New Jersey to
Maryland by merging with and into a Maryland corporation. Our executive office is located in Freehold, NJ. 

Description
of Business 

The
Company s primary business is the ownership and operation of manufactured home communities leasing manufactured
homesites to residents. The Company also leases manufactured homes to residents and, through its wholly-owned
taxable REIT subsidiary, UMH Sales and Finance, Inc. S F ), sells and finances the sale of manufactured homes to
residents and prospective residents of our communities and for placement on customers privately-owned land. The Company also
formed an opportunity zone fund to acquire, develop and redevelop manufactured housing communities requiring substantial capital
investment and located in areas designated as Qualified Opportunity Zones by the Treasury Department pursuant to a program
authorized under the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act of 2017 (the TCJA Act to encourage long-term investment in economically
distressed areas. The Company currently holds a 77 percentage interest in the opportunity zone fund. Our opportunity zone fund currently owns two communities, located in
South Carolina and Georgia. 

We
have expanded our portfolio of manufactured home communities through numerous acquisitions. During 2022, the Company purchased seven
communities totaling 1,486 homesites, located in Alabama, Michigan, New Jersey, Ohio, Pennsylvania and South Carolina, for a total purchase
price of 86.2 million. Since January 1, 2023, we have acquired one additional community, located
in Georgia and containing 118 developed homesites, through our opportunity zone fund. In addition, during 2022, the Company s joint venture with Nuveen Real Estate also purchased one community in Florida, totaling 144 homesites for a total purchase price of 15.1 million. 

As of December 31, 2022, the Company owned and operated 134 manufactured
home communities (including one community acquired through the opportunity zone fund) containing approximately 25,600 developed homesites.
These communities are located in New Jersey, New York, Ohio, Pennsylvania, Tennessee, Indiana, Michigan, Maryland, Alabama and South
Carolina. The Company also has an ownership interest in and operates two communities in Florida through its joint venture with Nuveen
Real Estate (See Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations and Note 5
 Investment in Joint Venture of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements). 

A
manufactured home community is designed to accommodate detached, single-family manufactured homes. These manufactured homes are produced
off-site by manufacturers and installed on sites within the communities. These homes may be improved with the addition of features constructed
on-site, including garages, screened rooms and carports. Manufactured homes are available in a variety of designs and floor plans, offering
many amenities and custom options. Each manufactured home-owner leases the site on which the home is located from the Company. Generally,
the Company owns the underlying land, utility connections, streets, lighting, driveways, common area amenities and other capital improvements
and is responsible for enforcement of community guidelines and maintenance. 

Manufactured
homes are accepted by the public as a viable and economically attractive alternative to conventional site-built single-family housing.
The affordability of the modern manufactured home makes it a very attractive housing alternative. Depending on the region of the country,
prices per square foot for a new manufactured home average up to 50 percent less than a comparable site-built home, excluding the cost
of land. This is due to a number of factors, including volume purchase discounts, inventory control of construction materials and control
of all aspects of the construction process, which is generally a more efficient and streamlined process as compared to a site-built home. 

- 3 - 

Modern
residential land lease communities are similar to typical residential subdivisions containing central entrances, paved well-lit streets,
curbs and gutters. Generally, modern manufactured home communities contain buildings for recreation, green areas, and other common area
facilities, all of which are the property of the community owner. In addition to such general improvements, certain manufactured home
communities include recreational improvements such as swimming pools, tennis courts and playgrounds. Municipal water and sewer services
are available in some manufactured home communities, while other communities supply these facilities on-site. 

Typically,
our leases are on an annual or month-to-month basis, and renewable upon the consent of both parties. The community manager interviews
prospective residents, collects rent and finance payments, ensures compliance with community regulations, maintains common areas and
community facilities and is responsible for the overall appearance of the community. The homeowner is responsible for the maintenance
of the home and leased site. As a result, our capital expenditures tend to be less significant relative to multi-family rental apartments.
Manufactured home communities produce predictable income streams and provide protection from inflation due to the ability to annually
increase rents. 

Many
of our communities compete with other manufactured home community properties located in the same or nearby markets that are owned and
operated by other companies in our business. We generally monitor the rental rates and other terms being offered by our competitors and
consider this information as a factor in determining our own rental rates. In addition to competing with other manufactured home community
properties, our communities also compete with alternative forms of housing (such as apartments and single-family homes). 

In
connection with the operation of its communities, UMH also leases homes to prospective tenants. As of December 31, 2022, UMH owned a
total of 9,100 rental homes, representing approximately 36 of its developed homesites. The Company engages in the rental of manufactured
homes primarily in areas where the communities have existing vacancies. The rental homes produce income from both the home and the site
which might otherwise be non-income producing. 

Inherent
in the operation of a manufactured home community is the development, redevelopment, and expansion of our communities. The Company sells
and finances, through a third-party lending program, the sale of manufactured homes in our communities through S F. S F was established
to potentially enhance the value of our communities by filling sites that would otherwise be vacant. The home sales business is operated
as it is with traditional homebuilders, with sales centers, model homes, an inventory of completed homes and the ability to supply custom
designed homes based upon the requirements of the new homeowners. In addition, our sales centers earn a profit by selling homes to customers
for placement on their own private land. 

Investment
and Other Policies 

The
Company may invest in improved and unimproved real property and may develop unimproved real property. Such properties may be located
throughout the U.S. but the Company has generally concentrated on the Northeast, Midwest and Southeast. Since 2010, we have quadrupled
the number of developed homesites by purchasing 106 communities containing approximately 18,700 homesites. We are focused on acquiring
communities with significant upside potential and leveraging our expertise to build long-term capital appreciation. 

Our
growth strategy involves purchasing well located communities in our target markets. As part of our growth strategy, we intend to evaluate
potential opportunities to expand into additional geographic markets, including certain other markets in the southeastern United States. 

The
Company also evaluates our properties for expansion opportunities. Development of the additional acreage available for expansion allows
us to leverage existing communities and amenities. We believe our ability to complete expansions translates to greater value creation
and cash flow through operating efficiencies. The Company has approximately 2,100 acres of additional land potentially available for
future development. See PART I, Item 2 Properties, for a list of our additional acreage. 

- 4 - 

The
Company seeks to finance acquisitions with the most appropriate available source of capital, including purchase money mortgages or other
financing, which may be first liens, wraparound mortgages or subordinated indebtedness, sales of investments, and issuance of additional
equity securities. In connection with its ongoing activities, the Company may issue notes, mortgages or other senior securities. The
Company intends to use both secured and unsecured lines of credit. The Company s joint venture with Nuveen Real Estate also provides
a source of financing for acquisitions of newly developed communities. 

The
Company may repurchase or reacquire its shares from time to time if, in the opinion of the Board of Directors, such an acquisition is
advantageous to the Company. During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company did not repurchase any shares of its Common Stock. 

In
addition to its manufactured home communities, the Company also owns a portfolio of investment securities, consisting of marketable equity
securities issued by other REITs, which represented 2.5 of undepreciated assets (which is the Company s total assets excluding
accumulated depreciation) at year end. The Company generally limits the portfolio to no more than approximately 15 of its undepreciated
assets. These liquid real estate holdings provide diversification, additional liquidity and income, and serve as a proxy for real estate
when more favorable risk adjusted returns are not available. The Company, from time to time, may purchase these securities on margin
when the interest and dividend yields exceed the cost of funds. 

Regulations,
Insurance and Property Maintenance and Improvement 

Manufactured
home communities are subject to various laws, ordinances and regulations, including regulations relating to recreational facilities such
as swimming pools, clubhouses and other common areas, and regulations relating to operating water and wastewater treatment facilities
at several of our communities. We believe that each community has all necessary operating permits and approvals. 

Our
properties are insured against risks that may cause property damage and business interruption including events such as fire, business
interruption, general liability and if applicable, flood. Our insurance policies contain deductible requirements, coverage limits and
particular exclusions. It is the policy of the Company to maintain adequate insurance coverage on all of our properties and, in the
opinion of management, all of our properties are adequately insured. We also obtain title insurance insuring fee title to the properties
in an aggregate amount which we believe to be adequate. 

State
and local rent control laws in certain jurisdictions may dictate the structure of rent increases and limit our ability to recover increases
in operating expenses and the costs of capital improvements. In 2019, the State of New York enacted the Housing Stability and Tenant
Protection Act of 2019, which, among other things, set maximum collectible rent increases. Rent control also affects three of our manufactured
home communities in New Jersey. Enactment of such laws has been considered at various times in other jurisdictions. We presently expect
to continue to maintain properties, and may purchase additional properties, in markets that are either subject to rent control or in
which rent related legislation exists or may be enacted. 

It
is the policy of the Company to properly maintain, modernize, expand and make improvements to its properties when required. The Company
anticipates that renovation expenditures with respect to its present properties during 2023 will be approximately 15 - 20 million. 

Human
Capital 

The
attraction, motivation and retention of our employees are critical factors in furthering the growth and financial success of the Company.
We recognize that our ability to achieve the high standards we set for ourselves can best be accomplished by having a diverse team. We
are committed to promoting diversity, equity and inclusion and our benefits programs are designed to achieve employee satisfaction and
advancement. As of February 16, 2023, the Company had approximately 460 employees, including officers. Approximately half of our management
team and 45 of our total employee population are female. Over 32 of our employees are 40 years of age or older and 29 are over 60
years of age. During each year, the Company hires additional part-time and seasonal employees as grounds keepers and lifeguards and to
conduct emergency repairs. 

- 5 - 

Our
employees are fairly compensated as compared to employees of our competitors and are routinely recognized for outstanding performance.
They are offered regular opportunities to participate in professional development programs which focus on building their skills and capabilities.
We conduct regional training sessions and are committed to providing a safe and healthy workplace that is free from violence, intimidation
and other unsafe or disruptive practices. We hold an annual employee meeting that includes safety training, as required under the federal
Occupational, Safety and Health Act, as well as anti-harassment training. The Company also offers a robust wellness program to its employees
that incorporates health benefits, including incentives for enrolling in exercise classes and for gym memberships. This encourages our
employees to improve their mental and physical well-being. 

Information
about our Executive Officers 

The
following table sets forth information with respect to the executive officers of the Company as of December 31, 2022: 

Name 
 
 Age 
 
 Position 

Eugene
 W. Landy 
 
 89 
 
 Chairman
 of the Board of Directors and Founder 
 
 Samuel
 A. Landy 
 
 62 
 
 President
 and Chief Executive Officer 
 
 Anna
 T. Chew 
 
 64 
 
 Executive
 Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer 
 
 Craig
 Koster 
 
 47 
 
 Executive
 Vice President, General Counsel and Secretary 
 
 Brett
 Taft 
 
 33 
 
 Executive
 Vice President and Chief Operating Officer 

Environmental,
Social and Governance ESG Considerations 

The
Company s mission is to address the fundamental need of providing affordable housing and in doing so, create sustainable and environmentally
friendly communities that have a positive societal impact. We recognize our obligation, as well as that of our industry, to reduce our
impact on the environment and to conserve natural resources. We continually invest in energy-efficient technology where practicable,
including water and energy conservation initiatives, and are committed to incorporating environmental and social considerations into
our business practices to create value and enhance the communities where our residents live. We also recognize the importance of good
corporate governance in ensuring the Company s continued success and maintaining the confidence of our shareholders and financing
sources. Our policies and practices are endorsed and supported by the Company s executive management, including its Director of
ESG and Director of Diversity, Equity and Inclusion, and are regularly reviewed by the Board of Directors and its Nominating and Corporate
Governance Committee. 

Summary
of Risk Factors 

The
following is a summary of the principal risk factors associated with an investment in us. These are not the only risks we face. You should
carefully consider these risk factors, together with the risk factors set forth in Item 1A. of this Annual Report on Form 10-K and other
reports and documents filed by us with the SEC. 

Real
Estate Industry Risks: 

General
 economic conditions and the concentration of our properties in certain states may affect our ability to generate revenue. 

We
 may be unable to compete with our larger competitors for acquisitions, which may increase prices for communities. 

We
 may not be able to integrate or finance our acquisitions and our acquisitions may not perform as expected. 

We
 may be unable to finance or accurately estimate or anticipate costs and timing associated with expansion activities. 

We
 may be unable to sell properties when appropriate because real estate investments are illiquid. 

- 6 - 

Our
 ability to sell manufactured homes may be affected by various factors, which may in turn adversely affect our profitability. 

Licensing
 laws and compliance could affect our profitability. 

The
 termination of our third-party lending program could adversely affect us. 

Costs
 associated with taxes and regulatory compliance may reduce our revenue. 

Rent
 control legislation may harm our ability to increase rents. 

Environmental
 liabilities could affect our profitability. 

Some
 of our properties are subject to potential natural or other disasters. 

Climate
 change may adversely affect our business. 

Actions
 by our competitors may decrease or prevent increases in the occupancy and rental rates of our properties which could adversely affect
 our business. 

Losses
 in excess of our insurance coverage or uninsured losses could adversely affect our cash flow. 

Our
 investments are concentrated in the manufactured housing/residential sector and our business would be adversely affected by an economic
 downturn in that sector. 

Our
 joint venture with Nuveen Real Estate may subject us to risks, including limitations on our decision-making authority and the risk
 of disputes, which could adversely affect us. 

Financing
Risks: 

We
 face risks generally associated with our debt. 

We
 mortgage our properties, which subjects us to the risk of foreclosure in the event of non-payment. 

We
 face risks associated with our dependence on external sources of capital. 

We
 may become more highly leveraged, resulting in increased risk of default on our obligations and an increase in debt service requirements
 which could adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations and our ability to pay distributions. 

We are subject to risks associated with the current interest rate environment, and changes in interest rates may
affect our cost of capital and, consequently, our financial results. 

Covenants
 in our credit agreements and other debt instruments could limit our flexibility and adversely affect our financial condition. 

A
 change in the U.S. government policy with regard to Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac could impact our financial condition. 

We
 face risks associated with the financing of home sales to customers in our manufactured home communities. 

Risks
Related to our Status as a REIT: 

If
 our leases are not respected as true leases for federal income tax purposes, we would fail to qualify as a REIT. 

Failure
 to make required distributions would subject us to additional tax. 

We
 may not have sufficient cash available from operations to pay distributions to our shareholders, and, therefore, distributions may
 be made from borrowings. 

We
 may be required to pay a penalty tax upon the sale of a property. 

We
 may be adversely affected if we fail to qualify as a REIT. 

To
 qualify as a REIT, we must comply with certain highly technical and complex requirements. 

There
 is a risk of changes in the tax law applicable to REITs. 

We
 may be unable to comply with the strict income distribution requirements applicable to REITs. 

Our
 taxable REIT subsidiary TRS is subject to special rules that may result in increased taxes. 

Notwithstanding
 our status as a REIT, we are subject to various federal, state and local taxes on our income and property. 

- 7 - 

General
Risk Factors 

We
 face risks and uncertainties related to public health crises, including the COVID-19 pandemic. 

Global
 and regional economic conditions could materially adversely affect our business, results of operations, financial condition and growth.

We
 may not be able to obtain adequate cash to fund our business. 

We
 are dependent on key personnel. 

Some
 of our directors and officers may have conflicts of interest with respect to related party transactions and other business interests.

We
 may amend our business policies without shareholder approval. 

The
 market value of our Series D Preferred Stock and Common Stock could decrease based on our performance and market perception and conditions. 

The
 market price and trading volume of our Common Stock and Series D Preferred Stock may fluctuate significantly. 

Third-party
 expectations relating to environmental, social and governance factors may impose additional costs and expose us to new risks. 

The
 future issuance or sale of additional shares of Common Stock or Preferred Stock could adversely affect the trading prices of our
 outstanding Common Stock and Preferred Stock. 

Future
 issuances of our debt securities, which would be senior to our Series D Preferred Stock upon liquidation, or preferred equity securities
 which may be senior to our Series D Preferred Stock for purposes of dividend distributions or upon liquidation, may adversely affect
 the per-share trading prices of our Series D Preferred Stock. 

There
 are restrictions on the transfer of our capital stock. 

The
 dual listing of our Common Stock on the NYSE and the Tel Aviv Stock Exchange TASE may result in price variations
 that could adversely affect liquidity of the market for our Common Stock. 

The
 existing mechanism for the dual listing of securities on the NYSE and the TASE may be eliminated or modified in a manner that may
 subject us to additional regulatory burden and additional costs. 

Our
 earnings are dependent, in part, upon the performance of our investment portfolio. 

We
 are subject to restrictions that may impede our ability to effect a change in control. 

We
 may not be able to pay distributions regularly. 

Dividends
 on our capital stock do not qualify for the reduced tax rates available for some dividends. 

We
 are subject to risks arising from litigation. 

Future
 terrorist attacks and military conflicts could have a material adverse effect on general economic conditions, consumer confidence
 and market liquidity. 

Disruptions
 in the financial markets could affect our ability to obtain financing on reasonable terms and have other adverse effects on us and
 the market price of our capital stock. 

We
 face risks relating to cybersecurity attacks which could adversely affect our business, cause loss of confidential information and
 disrupt operations. 

We
 are dependent on continuous access to the Internet to use our cloud-based applications. 

We
 face risks relating to expanding use of social media mediums. 

Our opportunity zone fund may fail to qualify for the tax benefits available for investments in qualified opportunity zones under
the detailed rules adopted by the Internal Revenue Service. 

Cautionary
Statement Regarding Forward-Looking Statements 

Certain
statements contained in this Annual Report on Form 10-K that are not historical facts are forward-looking statements within the meaning
of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act ), and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ). Forward-looking statements provide our current expectations or forecasts of
future events. Forward-looking statements include statements about the Company s expectations, beliefs, intentions, plans, objectives,
goals, strategies, future events, performance and underlying assumptions and other statements that are not historical facts. Forward-looking
statements can be identified by their use of forward-looking words, such as may, will, anticipate, 
 expect, believe, intend, plan, should, seek or comparable
terms, or the negative use of those words, but the absence of these words does not necessarily mean that a statement is not forward-looking. 

- 8 - 

The
forward-looking statements are based on our beliefs, assumptions and expectations of our future performance, taking into account all
information currently available to us. Forward-looking statements are not predictions of future events. These beliefs, assumptions and
expectations can change as a result of many possible events or factors, not all of which are known to us. Some of these factors are described
below and under the headings Business , Risk Factors and Management s Discussion and Analysis
of Financial Condition and Results of Operations . These and other risks, uncertainties and factors could cause our actual results
to differ materially from those included in any forward-looking statements we make. Any forward-looking statement speaks only as of the
date on which it is made. New risks and uncertainties arise over time, and it is not possible for us to predict those events or how they
may affect us. Except as required by law, we are not obligated to, and do not intend to, update or revise any forward-looking statements,
whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. Important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially
from our expectations include, among others: 

changes
 in the real estate market conditions and general economic conditions; 

risks
 and uncertainties related to the COVID-19 pandemic; 

the
 inherent risks associated with owning real estate, including local real estate market conditions, governing laws and regulations
 affecting manufactured housing communities and illiquidity of real estate investments; 

increased
 competition in the geographic areas in which we own and operate manufactured housing communities; 

our
 ability to continue to identify, negotiate and acquire manufactured housing communities and/or vacant land which may be developed
 into manufactured housing communities on terms favorable to us; 

our
 ability to maintain rental rates and occupancy levels; 

changes
 in market rates of interest; 

increases
 in commodity prices and the cost of purchasing manufactured homes; 

our
 ability to purchase manufactured homes for rental or sale; 

our
 ability to repay debt financing obligations; 

our
 ability to refinance amounts outstanding under our credit facilities at maturity on terms favorable to us; 

our
 ability to comply with certain debt covenants; 

our
 ability to integrate acquired properties and operations into existing operations; 

the
 availability of other debt and equity financing alternatives; 

continued
 ability to access the debt or equity markets; 

the
 loss of any member of our management team; 

our
 ability to maintain internal controls and processes to ensure all transactions are accounted for properly, all relevant disclosures
 and filings are made in a timely manner in accordance with all rules and regulations, and any potential fraud or embezzlement is
 thwarted or detected; 

the
 ability of manufactured home buyers to obtain financing; 

the
 level of repossessions by manufactured home lenders; 

market
 conditions affecting our investment securities; 

changes
 in federal or state tax rules or regulations that could have adverse tax consequences; 

our
 ability to qualify as a real estate investment trust for federal income tax purposes; and, 

those
 risks and uncertainties referenced under the heading Risk Factors contained in this Form 10-K and the Company s
 filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission SEC ). 

You
should not place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements, as events described or implied in such statements may not occur.
The forward-looking statements contained in this Annual Report on Form 10-K speak only as of the date hereof and the Company expressly
disclaims any obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future
events, or otherwise. 

Available
Information 

Additional
information about the Company can be found on the Company s website which is located at www.umh.reit . Information contained
on or hyperlinked from our website is not incorporated by reference into and should not be considered part of this Annual Report on Form
10-K or our other filings with the SEC. The Company makes available, free of charge, on or through its website, annual reports on Form
10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, current reports on Form 8-K and amendments to those reports filed or furnished pursuant to Section
13(a) or 15(d) of the Exchange Act as soon as reasonably practicable after we electronically file such material with, or furnish it to,
the SEC. The SEC maintains an Internet site (http://www.sec.gov) that contains reports, proxy and information statements, and other information
regarding issuers that file electronically with the SEC. 

- 9 - 

Item
1A Risk Factors 

Our
business faces many risks. The following risk factors may not be the only risks we face but address what we believe may be the material
risks concerning our business at this time. If any of the risks discussed in this report were to occur, our business, prospects, financial
condition, results of operation and our ability to service our debt and make distributions to our shareholders could be materially and
adversely affected and the market price per share of our stock could decline significantly. Some statements in this report, including
statements in the following risk factors, constitute forward-looking statements. Please refer to the section entitled Cautionary
Statement Regarding Forward-Looking Statements. 

Real
Estate Industry Risks 

General
economic conditions and the concentration of our properties in certain states may affect our ability to generate sufficient revenue.
 The market and economic conditions in our current markets may significantly affect manufactured home occupancy or rental rates.
Occupancy and rental rates, in turn, may significantly affect our revenues, and if our communities do not generate revenues sufficient
to meet our operating expenses, including debt service and capital expenditures, our cash flow and ability to pay or refinance our debt
obligations could be adversely affected. As a result of the geographic concentration of our properties in ten states in the Eastern United
States, we are exposed to the risks of downturns in the local economy or other local real estate market conditions which could adversely
affect occupancy rates, rental rates, and property values in these markets. 

Other
factors that may affect general economic conditions or local real estate conditions include: 

the
 national and local economic climate, including that of the energy-market dependent Marcellus and Utica Shale regions, may be adversely
 impacted by, among other factors, potential restrictions on drilling, plant closings, and industry slowdowns; 

local
 real estate market conditions such as the oversupply of manufactured homesites or a reduction in demand for manufactured homesites
 in an area; 

the
 number of repossessed homes in a particular market; 

the
 lack of an established dealer network; 

the
 rental market which may limit the extent to which rents may be increased to meet increased expenses without decreasing occupancy
 rates; 

the
 safety, convenience and attractiveness of our properties and the neighborhoods where they are located; 

zoning
 or other regulatory restrictions; 

competition
 from other available manufactured home communities and alternative forms of housing (such as apartment buildings and single-family
 homes); 

our
 ability to provide adequate management, maintenance and insurance; 

a
 pandemic or other health crisis, such as the outbreak of COVID-19; 

increased
 operating costs, including insurance premiums, real estate taxes and utilities; and 

the
 enactment of rent control laws or laws taxing the owners of manufactured homes. 

Our
income would also be adversely affected if tenants were unable to pay rent or if sites were unable to be rented on favorable terms. If
we were unable to promptly relet or renew the leases for a significant number of sites, or if the rental rates upon such renewal or reletting
were significantly lower than expected rates, then our business and results of operations could be adversely affected. In addition, certain
expenditures associated with each property (such as real estate taxes and maintenance costs) generally are not reduced when circumstances
cause a reduction in income from the property. 

- 10 - 

We
may be unable to compete with our larger competitors for acquisitions, which may increase prices for communities. The real estate
business is highly competitive. We compete for manufactured home community investments with numerous other real estate entities, such
as individuals, corporations, REITs and other enterprises engaged in real estate activities. In many cases, the competing competitors
may be larger and better financed than we are, making it difficult for us to secure new manufactured home community investments. Competition
among private and institutional purchasers of manufactured home community investments has resulted in increases in the purchase price
paid for manufactured home communities and consequently higher fixed costs. To the extent we are unable to effectively compete in the
marketplace, our business may be adversely affected. 

We
may not be able to integrate or finance our acquisitions and our acquisitions may not perform as expected. We acquire and intend
to continue to acquire manufactured home communities on a select basis. Our acquisition activities and their success are subject to risks,
including the following: 

if
 we enter into an acquisition agreement for a property, it is usually subject to customary conditions to closing, including completion
 of due diligence investigations to our satisfaction, which may not be satisfied; 

we
 may be unable to finance acquisitions on favorable terms; 

acquired
 properties may fail to perform as expected; 

the
 actual costs of repositioning or redeveloping acquired properties may be higher than our estimates; 

acquired
 properties may be located in new markets where we face risks associated with a lack of market knowledge or understanding of the local
 economy, lack of business relationships in the area and unfamiliarity with local governmental and permitting procedures; and 

we
 may be unable to quickly and efficiently integrate new acquisitions, particularly acquisitions of portfolios of properties, into
 our existing operations. 

If
any of the above were to occur, our business and results of operations could be adversely affected. 

In
addition, we may acquire properties subject to liabilities and without any recourse, or with only limited recourse, with respect to unknown
liabilities. As a result, if a liability were to be asserted against us based upon ownership of those properties, we might have to pay
substantial sums to settle it, which could adversely affect our cash flow. 

We
may be unable to finance or accurately estimate or anticipate costs and timing associated with expansion activities. We periodically
consider expansion of existing communities and development of new communities. Our expansion and development activities are subject to
risks such as: 

we
 may not be able to obtain financing with favorable terms for community development which may make us unable to proceed with the development; 

we
 may be unable to obtain, or may face delays in obtaining, necessary zoning, building and other governmental permits and authorizations,
 which could result in increased costs and delays, and even require us to abandon development of a community entirely if we are unable
 to obtain such permits or authorizations; 

we
 may abandon development opportunities that we have already begun to explore and as a result we may not recover expenses already incurred
 in connection with exploring such development opportunities; 

we
 may be unable to complete construction and lease-up of a community on schedule resulting in increased debt service expense and construction
 costs; 

we
 may incur construction and development costs for a community which exceed our original estimates due to increased materials, labor
 or other costs, which could make completion of the community uneconomical and we may not be able to increase rents to compensate
 for the increase in development costs which may impact our profitability; 

we
 may be unable to secure long-term financing on completion of development resulting in increased debt service and lower profitability;
 and 

occupancy
 rates and rents at a newly developed community may fluctuate depending on several factors, including market and economic conditions,
 which may result in the community not being profitable. 

- 11 - 

If
any of the above were to occur, our business and results of operations could be adversely affected. 

We
may be unable to sell properties when appropriate because real estate investments are illiquid. Real estate investments generally
cannot be sold quickly and, therefore, will tend to limit our ability to vary our property portfolio promptly in response to changes
in economic or other conditions. In addition, the Code limits our ability to sell our properties. The inability to respond promptly to
changes in the performance of our property portfolio could adversely affect our financial condition and ability to service our debt and
make distributions to our shareholders. 

Our
ability to sell manufactured homes may be affected by various factors, which may in turn adversely affect our profitability. 
S F operates in the manufactured home market offering homes for sale to tenants and prospective tenants of our communities. The market
for the sale of manufactured homes may be adversely affected by the following factors: 

downturns
 in economic conditions which adversely impact the housing market; 

an
 oversupply of, or a reduced demand for, manufactured homes; 

the
 ability of manufactured home manufacturers to adapt to change in the economic climate and the availability of units from these manufacturers; 

the
 difficulty facing potential purchasers in obtaining affordable financing as a result of heightened lending criteria; and 

an
 increase or decrease in the rate of manufactured home repossessions which provide aggressively priced competition to new manufactured
 home sales. 

Any
of the above listed factors could adversely impact our rate of manufactured home sales, which would result in a decrease in profitability. 

Licensing
laws and compliance could affect our profitability. Our subsidiary S F is subject to the Secure and Fair Enforcement for
Mortgage Licensing Act of 2008 SAFE Act ), which requires that we obtain appropriate licenses pursuant to the Nationwide
Mortgage Licensing System Registry in each state where S F conducts business. There are extensive federal and state requirements
mandated by the SAFE Act and other laws pertaining to financing, including the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection
Act, and there can be no assurance that we will obtain or renew our SAFE Act licenses, which could result in fees and penalties and have
an adverse impact on our ability to continue with our home financing activities. 

The
termination of our third-party lending program could adversely affect us. S F currently relies exclusively on its third-party
lending program for all loan origination and servicing activity. As a result, the termination of our third-party lending program could
impact our ability to continue with our home financing activities. 

Costs
associated with taxes and regulatory compliance may reduce our revenue. We are subject to significant regulation that inhibits
our activities and may increase our costs. Local zoning and use laws, environmental statutes and other governmental requirements may
restrict expansion, rehabilitation and reconstruction activities. These regulations may prevent us from taking advantage of economic
opportunities. Legislation such as the Americans with Disabilities Act may require us to modify our properties at a substantial cost
and noncompliance could result in the imposition of fines or an award of damages to private litigants. Future legislation may impose
additional requirements. We cannot predict what requirements may be enacted or amended or what costs we will incur to comply with such
requirements. Costs resulting from changes in real estate laws, income taxes, service or other taxes may adversely affect our funds from
operations and our ability to pay or refinance our debt. Similarly, changes in laws increasing the potential liability for environmental
conditions existing on properties or increasing the restrictions on discharges or other conditions may result in significant unanticipated
expenditures, which would adversely affect our business and results of operations. 

Laws
and regulations also govern the provision of utility services. Such laws regulate, for example, how and to what extent owners or operators
of property can charge renters for provision of utilities. Such laws can also regulate the operations and performance of utility systems
and may impose fines and penalties on real property owners or operators who fail to comply with these requirements. The laws and regulations
may also require capital investment to maintain compliance. 

- 12 - 

Rent
control legislation may harm our ability to increase rents. State and local rent control laws in certain jurisdictions may limit
our ability to increase rents and to recover increases in operating expenses and the costs of capital improvements. In 2019, the State
of New York enacted the Housing Stability and Tenant Protection Act of 2019, which, among other things, set maximum collectible rent
increases. Rent control also affects three of our manufactured home communities in New Jersey. Enactment of such laws has been considered
at various times in other jurisdictions. We presently expect to continue to maintain properties, and may purchase additional properties,
in markets that are either subject to rent control or in which rent related legislation exists or may be enacted. 

Environmental
liabilities could affect our profitability. Under various federal, state and local laws, ordinances and regulations, an owner
or operator of real estate is liable for the costs of removal or remediation of certain hazardous substances at, on, under or in such
property, as well as certain other potential costs relating to hazardous or toxic substances. Such laws often impose such liability without
regard to whether the owner knew of, or was responsible for, the presence of such hazardous substances. A conveyance of the property,
therefore, does not relieve the owner or operator from liability. As a current or former owner and operator of real estate, we may be
required by law to investigate and clean up hazardous substances released at or from the properties we currently own or operate or have
in the past owned or operated. We may also be liable to the government or to third parties for property damage, investigation costs and
cleanup costs. In addition, some environmental laws create a lien on the contaminated site in favor of the government for damages and
costs the government incurs in connection with the contamination. Contamination may adversely affect our ability to sell or lease real
estate or to borrow using the real estate as collateral. Persons who arrange for the disposal or treatment of hazardous substances also
may be liable for the costs of removal or remediation of such substances at a disposal or treatment facility owned or operated by another
person. In addition, certain environmental laws impose liability for the management and disposal of asbestos-containing materials and
for the release of such materials into the air. These laws may provide for third parties to seek recovery from owners or operators of
real properties for personal injury associated with asbestos-containing materials. In connection with the ownership, operation, management,
and development of real properties, we may be considered an owner or operator of such properties and, therefore, are potentially liable
for removal or remediation costs, and also may be liable for governmental fines and injuries to persons and property. When we arrange
for the treatment or disposal of hazardous substances at landfills or other facilities owned by other persons, we may be liable for the
removal or remediation costs at such facilities. We are not aware of any environmental liabilities relating to our investment properties
which would have a material adverse effect on our business, assets, or results of operations. However, we cannot assure you that environmental
liabilities will not arise in the future and that such liabilities will not have a material adverse effect on our business, assets or
results of operations. 

Of
the 134 manufactured home communities we operated as of December 31, 2022, 46 have their own wastewater treatment facility or water distribution
system, or both. At these locations, we are subject to compliance with monthly, quarterly and yearly testing for contaminants as outlined
by the individual state s environmental protection agencies. Currently, our community-owned manufactured homes are
not subject to radon or asbestos monitoring requirements. 

In connection with the management of the properties or upon acquisition or financing of a property, the Company authorizes the preparation
of Phase I or similar environmental reports (which involves general inspections without soil sampling or ground water analysis) completed
by independent environmental consultants. Based upon such environmental reports and the Company s ongoing review of its properties,
as of the date of this Annual Report, the Company is not aware of any environmental condition with respect to any of its properties which
it believes would be reasonably likely to have a material adverse effect on its financial condition and/or results of operations. However,
these reports cannot reflect conditions arising after the studies were completed, and no assurances can be given that existing environmental
studies reveal all environmental liabilities, that any prior owner or operator of a property or neighboring owner or operator did not
create any material environmental condition not known to us, or that a material environmental condition does not otherwise exist as to
any one or more properties. 

Some
of our properties are subject to potential natural or other disasters. Certain of our manufactured home communities are located
in areas that may be subject to natural disasters, including our manufactured home communities in flood plains, in areas that may be
adversely affected by tornados and in coastal regions that may be adversely affected by increases in sea levels or in the frequency or
severity of hurricanes, tropical storms or other severe weather conditions. The occurrence of natural disasters may delay redevelopment
or development projects, increase investment costs to repair or replace damaged properties, increase future property insurance costs
and negatively impact the tenant demand for lease space. To the extent insurance is unavailable to us or is unavailable on acceptable
terms, or our insurance is not adequate to cover losses from these events, our financial condition and results of operations could be
adversely affected. 

- 13 - 

Climate
change may adversely affect our business. To
the extent that significant changes in the climate occur in areas where our properties are located, we may experience extreme weather
and changes in precipitation and temperature, all of which may result in physical damage to or a decrease in demand for properties located
in these areas or affected by these conditions. Should the impact of climate change be material in nature, including significant property
damage to or destruction of our properties, or occur for lengthy periods of time, our financial condition or results of operations may
be adversely affected. In addition, changes in federal, state and local legislation and regulations based on concerns about climate change
could result in increased capital expenditures on our properties (for example, to improve their energy efficiency and/or resistance to
inclement weather) without a corresponding increase in revenue, resulting in adverse impacts to our net income. 

Actions
by our competitors may decrease or prevent increases in the occupancy and rental rates of our properties which could adversely affect
our business. We compete with other owners and operators of manufactured home community properties, some of which own properties
similar to ours in the same submarkets in which our properties are located. The number of competitive manufactured home community properties
in a particular area could have a material adverse effect on our ability to attract tenants, lease sites and maintain or increase rents
charged at our properties or at any newly acquired properties. In addition, other forms of multi-family residential properties, such
as private and federally funded or assisted multi-family housing projects and single-family housing, provide housing alternatives to
potential tenants of manufactured home communities. If our competitors offer housing at rental rates below current market rates or below
the rental rates we currently charge our tenants, we may lose potential tenants, and we may be pressured to reduce our rental rates below
those we currently charge in order to retain tenants when our tenants leases expire. 

Losses
in excess of our insurance coverage or uninsured losses could adversely affect our cash flow. We generally maintain insurance
policies related to our business, including casualty, general liability and other policies covering business operations, employees and
assets. However, we may be required to bear all losses that are not adequately covered by insurance. In addition, there are certain losses
that are not generally insured because it is not economically feasible to insure against them, including losses due to riots, acts of
war or other catastrophic events. If an uninsured loss or a loss in excess of insured limits occurs with respect to one or more of our
properties, then we could lose the capital we invested in the properties, as well as the anticipated profits and cash flow from the properties
and, in the case of debt which is with recourse to us, we would remain obligated for any mortgage debt or other financial obligations
related to the properties. Although we believe that our insurance programs are adequate, no assurance can be given that we will not incur
losses in excess of our insurance coverage, or that we will be able to obtain insurance in the future at acceptable levels and reasonable
cost. 

Our
investments are concentrated in the manufactured housing/residential sector and our business would be adversely affected by an economic
downturn in that sector. Our investments in real estate assets are primarily concentrated in the manufactured housing/residential
sector. This concentration may expose us to the risk of economic downturns in this sector to a greater extent than if our business activities
included a more significant portion of other sectors of the real estate industry. 

Our
joint venture with Nuveen Real Estate may subject us to risks, including limitations on our decision-making authority and the risk
of disputes, which could adversely affect us. We have entered into a joint venture arrangement with Nuveen Real Estate to
acquire manufactured home communities that are recently developed or under development. We are required to contribute 40 of the
capital required for investments by this joint venture. It is possible that our joint venture partner, Nuveen Real Estate, may have
business interests or goals that are different from our business interests or goals. Although we manage the joint venture and its
properties, we do not have full control over decisions and require approval of Nuveen Real Estate for major decisions. As a result,
we may face the risk of disputes, including potential deadlocks in making decisions. In addition, the joint venture agreement
provides that until the capital contributions to the joint venture are fully funded or the joint venture is terminated, and unless
Nuveen declines an acquisition proposed by us, the joint venture will be the exclusive vehicle for us to acquire any manufactured
home communities that meet the joint venture s investment guidelines. Nuveen Real Estate will have the right to remove and
replace us as managing member of the joint venture and manager of the joint venture s properties if we breach certain
obligations or certain events occur, in which event Nuveen Real Estate may elect to buy out our interest in the joint venture at 98 
of its value. There are also significant restrictions on our ability to exit the joint venture. Any of these provisions could
adversely affect us. 

- 14 - 

Financing
Risks 

We
face risks generally associated with our debt . We finance a portion of our investments in properties and marketable securities
through debt. We are subject to the risks normally associated with debt financing, including the risk that our cash flow will be insufficient
to meet required payments of principal and interest. In addition, debt creates other risks, including: 

rising
 interest rates on our variable rate debt; 

inability
 to repay or refinance existing debt as it matures, which may result in forced disposition of assets on disadvantageous terms; 

refinancing
 terms less favorable than the terms of existing debt; and 

failure
 to meet required payments of principal and/or interest. 

To
the extent we cannot refinance debt on favorable terms or at all, we may be forced to dispose of properties on disadvantageous terms
or pay higher interest rates, either of which would have an adverse impact on our financial performance and ability to service debt and
make distributions. 

We
mortgage our properties, which subjects us to the risk of foreclosure in the event of non-payment. We mortgage many of our properties
to secure payment of indebtedness. If we are unable to meet mortgage payments, then the property could be foreclosed upon or transferred
to the mortgagee with a consequent loss of income and asset value. A foreclosure of one or more of our properties could adversely affect
our financial condition, results of operations, cash flow, ability to service debt and make distributions and the market price of our
Series D Preferred Stock and Common Stock and any other securities we issue. 

We
face risks associated with our dependence on external sources of capital . In order to qualify as a REIT, we are required each
year to distribute to our shareholders at least 90 of our REIT taxable income, and we are subject to tax on our income to the extent
it is not distributed. Because of this distribution requirement, we may not be able to fund all future capital needs from cash retained
from operations. As a result, to fund capital needs, we rely on third-party sources of capital, which we may not be able to obtain on
favorable terms, if at all. Our access to third-party sources of capital depends upon a number of factors, including (i) general market
conditions; (ii) the market s perception of our growth potential; (iii) our current and potential future earnings and cash distributions;
and (iv) the market price of our Preferred Stock and Common Stock. Additional debt financing may substantially increase our debt-to-total capitalization
ratio. Additional equity issuance may dilute the holdings of our current shareholders. 

We
may become more highly leveraged, resulting in increased risk of default on our obligations and an increase in debt service requirements
which could adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations and our ability to pay distributions. We have
incurred, and may continue to incur, indebtedness in furtherance of our activities. Our governing documents do not limit the amount of
indebtedness we may incur. Accordingly, our Board of Directors may vote to incur additional debt and would do so, for example, if it
were necessary to maintain our status as a REIT. We could therefore become more highly leveraged, resulting in an increased risk of default
on our obligations and in an increase in debt service requirements, which could adversely affect our financial condition and results
of operations and our ability to pay distributions to shareholders. 

We
are subject to risks associated with the current interest rate environment, and changes in interest rates may affect our cost of
capital and, consequently, our financial results. In 2022, the U.S. Federal Reserve raised short term interest rates by a
total of 4.25 and has indicated that additional interest rate increases may be possible. Changing interest rates may have
unpredictable effects on markets, may result in heightened market volatility and may affect our ability to complete potential
acquisitions. Because a portion of our debt bears interest at variable rates, in periods of rising interest rates, such as the
current interest rate environment, our cost of funds would
increase, which could adversely affect our cash flows, financial condition and results of operations, ability to make distributions
to shareholders, and the cost of refinancing. and reduce our access to the debt or equity capital markets. Increased interest rates
could also adversely affect the value of our properties to the extent that it decreases the amount buyers may be willing to pay for
our properties. Additionally, if we choose to hedge any interest rate risk, we cannot assure that any such hedge will be effective
or that our hedging counterparty will meet its obligations to us. As a result, increased interest rates, including any future
increases in interest rates, could adversely affect us. 

- 15 - 

Covenants
in our credit agreements and other debt instruments could limit our flexibility and adversely affect our financial condition . 
The terms of our various credit agreements and other indebtedness require us to comply with a number of customary financial and other
covenants, such as maintaining debt service coverage and leverage ratios and maintaining insurance coverage. These covenants may limit
our flexibility in our operations, and breaches of these covenants could result in defaults under the instruments governing the applicable
indebtedness even if we had satisfied our payment obligations. If we were to default under our credit agreements, our financial condition
would be adversely affected. 

A
change in the U.S. government policy with regard to Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac could impact our financial condition. Fannie Mae
and Freddie Mac are major sources of financing for the manufactured housing real estate sector. We depend frequently on Fannie Mae and
Freddie Mac to finance growth by purchasing or guaranteeing manufactured housing community loans. A decision by the government to eliminate
Fannie Mae or Freddie Mac, or reduce their acquisitions or guarantees of our mortgage loans, may adversely affect interest rates, capital
availability and our ability to refinance our existing mortgage obligations as they come due and obtain additional long-term financing
for the acquisition of additional communities on favorable terms or at all. 

We
face risks associated with the financing of home sales to customers in our manufactured home communities. To produce new rental
revenue and to upgrade our communities, we sell homes to customers in our communities at competitive prices and finance these home sales
through S F. We allow banks and outside finance companies the first opportunity to finance these sales. We are subject to the following
risks in financing these homes: 

the
 borrowers may default on these loans and not be able to make debt service payments or pay principal when due; 

the
 default rates may be higher than we anticipate; 

demand
 for consumer financing may not be as great as we anticipate or may decline; 

the
 value of property securing the installment notes receivable may be less than the amounts owed; and 

interest
 rates payable on the installment notes receivable may be lower than our cost of funds. 

Additionally,
there are many regulations pertaining to our home sales and financing activities. There are significant consumer protection laws and
the regulatory framework may change in a manner which may adversely affect our operating results. The regulatory environment and associated
consumer finance laws create a risk of greater liability from our home sales and financing activities and could subject us to additional
litigation. We are also dependent on licenses granted by state and other regulatory authorities, which may be withdrawn or which may
not be renewed and which could have an adverse impact on our ability to continue with our home sales and financing activities. 

Risks
Related to our Status as a REIT 

If
our leases are not respected as true leases for federal income tax purposes, we would fail to qualify as a REIT. To qualify as
a REIT, we must, among other things, satisfy two gross income tests, under which specified percentages of our gross income must be certain
types of passive income, such as rent. For the rent paid pursuant to our leases to qualify for purposes of the gross income tests, the
leases must be respected as true leases for federal income tax purposes and not be treated as service contracts, joint ventures or some
other type of arrangement. We believe that our leases will be respected as true leases for federal income tax purposes. However, there
can be no assurance that the Internal Revenue Service IRS will agree with this view. If the leases are not respected
as true leases for federal income tax purposes, we would not be able to satisfy either of the two gross income tests applicable to REITs,
and we could lose our REIT status. 

- 16 - 

Failure
to make required distributions would subject us to additional tax. In order to qualify as a REIT, we must, among other requirements,
distribute, each year, to our shareholders at least 90 of our taxable income, excluding net capital gains. To the extent that we satisfy
the 90 distribution requirement, but distribute less than 100 of our taxable income, we will be subject to federal corporate income
tax on our undistributed income. In addition, we will incur a 4 nondeductible excise tax on the amount, if any, by which our distributions
(or deemed distributions) in any year are less than the sum of: 

85 
 of our ordinary income for that year; 

95 
 of our capital gain net earnings for that year; and 

100 
 of our undistributed taxable income from prior years. 

To
the extent we pay out in excess of 100 of our taxable income for any tax year, we may be able to carry forward such excess to subsequent
years to reduce our required distributions for purposes of the 4 nondeductible excise tax in such subsequent years. We intend to pay
out our income to our shareholders in a manner intended to satisfy the 90 distribution requirement. Differences in timing between the
recognition of income and the related cash receipts or the effect of required debt amortization payments could require us to borrow money
or sell assets to pay out enough of our taxable income to satisfy the 90 distribution requirement and to avoid corporate income tax. 

We
may not have sufficient cash available from operations to pay distributions to our shareholders, and, therefore, distributions may be
made from borrowings. The actual amount and timing of distributions to our shareholders will be determined by our Board of Directors
in its discretion and typically will depend on the amount of cash available for distribution, which will depend on items such as current
and projected cash requirements, limitations on distributions imposed by law on our financing arrangements and tax considerations. As
a result, we may not have sufficient cash available from operations to pay distributions as required to maintain our status as a REIT.
Therefore, we may need to borrow funds to make sufficient cash distributions in order to maintain our status as a REIT, which may cause
us to incur additional interest expense as a result of an increase in borrowed funds for the purpose of paying distributions. 

We
may be required to pay a penalty tax upon the sale of a property. The federal income tax provisions applicable to REITs provide
that any gain realized by a REIT on the sale of property held as inventory or other property held primarily for sale to customers in
the ordinary course of business is treated as income from a prohibited transaction that is subject to a 100 penalty tax.
Under current law, unless a sale of real property qualifies for a safe harbor, the question of whether the sale of real estate or other
property constitutes the sale of property held primarily for sale to customers is generally a question of the facts and circumstances
regarding a particular transaction. We intend that we and our subsidiaries will hold the interests in the real estate for investment
with a view to long-term appreciation, engage in the business of acquiring and owning real estate, and make occasional sales as are consistent
with our investment objectives. We do not intend to engage in prohibited transactions. We cannot assure you, however, that we will only
make sales that satisfy the requirements of the safe harbors or that the IRS will not successfully assert that one or more of such sales
are prohibited transactions. 

We
may be adversely affected if we fail to qualify as a REIT . If we fail to qualify as a REIT, we will not be allowed to
deduct distributions to shareholders in computing our taxable income and will be subject to federal income tax at regular corporate rates
and possibly increased state and local taxes. In addition, we might be barred from qualification as a REIT for the four years following
the year of disqualification. The additional tax incurred at regular corporate rates would reduce significantly the cash flow available
for distribution to shareholders and for debt service. Furthermore, we would no longer be required to make any distributions to our shareholders
as a condition to REIT qualification. Any distributions to shareholders would be taxable as ordinary income to the extent of our current
and accumulated earnings and profits, although such dividend distributions to non-corporate shareholders would be subject to a maximum
federal income tax rate of 20 (and potentially a Medicare tax of 3.8 ), provided applicable requirements of the Code are satisfied.
Furthermore, corporate shareholders may be eligible for the dividends received deduction on the distributions, subject to limitations
under the Code. Additionally, if we fail to qualify as a REIT, non-corporate shareholders would no longer be able to deduct up to 20 
of our dividends (other than capital gain dividends and dividends treated as qualified dividend income), as would otherwise generally
be permitted for taxable years beginning after December 31, 2017 and before January 1, 2026. 

- 17 - 

To
qualify as a REIT, we must comply with certain highly technical and complex requirements . We cannot be certain we have complied,
and will always be able to comply, with the requirements to qualify as a REIT because there are few judicial and administrative interpretations
of these provisions. In addition, facts and circumstances that may be beyond our control may affect our ability to continue to qualify
as a REIT. We cannot assure you that new legislation, regulations, administrative interpretations or court decisions will not change
the tax laws significantly with respect to our qualification as a REIT or with respect to the Federal income tax consequences of qualification.
We believe that we have qualified as a REIT since our inception and intend to continue to qualify as a REIT. However, we cannot assure
you that we are so qualified or will remain so qualified. 

There
is a risk of changes in the tax law applicable to REITs . Because the IRS, the U.S. Treasury Department and Congress frequently
review federal income tax legislation, we cannot predict whether, when or to what extent new federal tax laws, regulations, interpretations
or rulings will be adopted. Numerous changes to the U.S. federal income tax laws are proposed on a regular basis. Any of such legislative
action may prospectively or retroactively modify our tax treatment and, therefore, may adversely affect taxation of us and/or our investors.
Additionally, the REIT rules are constantly under review by persons involved in the legislative process and by the IRS and the U.S. Treasury
Department, which may result in revisions to regulations and interpretations in addition to statutory changes. Furthermore,
members of the U.S. Congress and the Biden administration have expressed intent to pass legislation to change or repeal parts of currently
enacted tax law, including, in particular, legislation that will increase corporate tax rates from the current flat rate of 21 . If
enacted, certain proposed changes could have an adverse impact on our business and financial results. Importantly, legislation has been
proposed in several states specifically taxing REITs. If such legislation were to be enacted, our income from such states would be adversely
impacted. 

The 2017 TCJA as amended by the Coronavirus Aid, Relief, and Economic Security
Act of 2020 CARES Act ), has significantly changed the U.S. federal income taxation of U.S. businesses and their owners,
including REITs and their shareholders. The CARES Act made technical corrections, or temporary modifications, to certain of the provisions
of the TCJA. It is also possible that additional legislation could be enacted in the future as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic which
may affect the holders of our securities. Changes made by the TCJA and the CARES Act that could affect us and our shareholders include: 

temporarily
 reducing individual U.S. federal income tax rates on ordinary income; the highest individual U.S. federal income tax rate has been
 reduced from 39.6 to 37 for taxable years beginning after December 31, 2017 and before January 1, 2026; 

permanently
 eliminating the progressive corporate tax rate structure, with a maximum corporate tax rate of 35 , and replacing it with a flat
 corporate tax rate of 21 ; 

permitting
 a deduction for certain pass-through business income, including dividends received by our shareholders from us that are not designated
 by us as capital gain dividends or qualified dividend income, which will allow individuals, trusts, and estates to deduct up to 20 
 of such amounts for taxable years beginning after December 31, 2017 and before January 1, 2026; 

reducing
 the highest rate of withholding with respect to our distributions to non-U.S. shareholders that are treated as attributable to gains
 from the sale or exchange of U.S. real property interests from 35 to 21 ; 

limiting
 our deduction for net operating losses NOLs to 80 of REIT taxable income (prior to the application of the dividends
 paid deduction) (this was modified by the CARES Act as discussed below); 

generally
 limiting the deduction for net business interest expense in excess of a specified percentage (50 for taxable years beginning in
 2019 and 2020 and 30 for subsequent taxable years) of a business s adjusted taxable income except for taxpayers that engage
 in certain real estate businesses and elect out of this rule (provided that such electing taxpayers must use an alternative depreciation
 system for certain property). The CARES Act increases this interest limitation to 50 for taxable years beginning in 2019 or 2020
 (with special rules applicable to interest allocation from entities treated as partnerships for tax purposes) and permits an entity
 to elect to use its 2019 adjusted taxable income to calculate the applicable limitation for its 2020 taxable year; and 

eliminating
 the corporate alternative minimum tax (which was subsequently re-enacted, although not in a manner expected to affect us). 

- 18 - 

The
 CARES Act significantly modified the treatment of NOLs. Generally, a corporate taxpayer must pay tax
on its net capital gain at ordinary corporate rates and may deduct capital losses only to the extent of capital gains, though excess
capital losses may be carried forward indefinitely. As discussed above, under the TCJA, corporate NOLs arising in tax years beginning
after December 31, 2017, can only offset 80 of taxable income (before the dividends paid deduction). These NOLs can now be carried forward
indefinitely instead of the previous 20-year limitation, and carrybacks of these losses are no longer permitted. NOLs arising in tax
years beginning before December 31, 2017 retain the same rules, and can be carried back two years and forward 20 years. There is no taxable
income limit to usage of such losses. The CARES Act repeals the above 80 limitation for taxable years beginning before January 1, 2021,
and allows a five-year carryback for NOLs arising in 2018, 2019 or 2020. This NOL carryback does not apply directly to REITs, however,
taxable REIT subsidiaries are eligible to carry back NOLs and may benefit from this provision. 

While
some regulations have been issued under the TCJA and the CARES Act, certain of which specifically address REITs, the TCJA and the
CARES Act are still subject to potential amendments as well as interpretations and implementing regulations by the United States Treasury Department and the
IRS, any of which could lessen or increase certain impacts of the TCJA and/or the CARES 
Act. It is unclear how these U.S. federal income tax changes will affect state and local taxation in various
states and localities, which often use federal taxable income as a starting point for computing state and local tax liabilities. You
are urged to consult with your tax advisor with respect to the status of legislative, regulatory, judicial or administrative
developments and proposals and their potential effect on an investment in our securities. 

We
may be unable to comply with the strict income distribution requirements applicable to REITs . To maintain qualification as a
REIT under the Code, a REIT must annually distribute to its shareholders at least 90 of its REIT taxable income, excluding the dividends
paid deduction and net capital gains. This requirement limits our ability to accumulate capital. We may not have sufficient cash or other
liquid assets to meet the distribution requirements. Difficulties in meeting the distribution requirements might arise due to competing
demands for our funds or to timing differences between tax reporting and cash receipts and disbursements, because income may have to
be reported before cash is received, because expenses may have to be paid before a deduction is allowed, because deductions may be disallowed
or limited or because the IRS may make a determination that adjusts reported income. In those situations, we might be required to borrow
funds or sell properties on adverse terms in order to meet the distribution requirements and interest and penalties could apply which
could adversely affect our financial condition. If we fail to make a required distribution, we could cease to be taxed as a REIT. 

Our
taxable REIT subsidiary TRS is subject to special rules that may result in increased taxes. As a REIT, we must
pay a 100 penalty tax on certain payments that we receive or on certain deductions taken if the economic arrangements between us and
our TRS are not comparable to similar arrangements between unrelated parties. The IRS may successfully assert that the economic arrangements
of any of our inter-company transactions are not comparable to similar arrangements between unrelated parties, and may assess the above
100 penalty tax or make other reallocations of income or loss. This would result in unexpected tax liability which would adversely affect
our cash flows. 

Notwithstanding
our status as a REIT, we are subject to various federal, state and local taxes on our income and property . For example, we will
be taxed at regular corporate rates on any undistributed taxable income, including undistributed net capital gains; provided, however,
that properly designated undistributed capital gains will effectively avoid taxation at the shareholder level. We may be subject to other
Federal income taxes and may also have to pay some state income or franchise taxes because not all states treat REITs in the same manner
as they are treated for federal income tax purposes. 

- 19 - 

General
Risk Factors 

We
face various risks and uncertainties related to public health crises, including the COVID-19 pandemic. The COVID-19 pandemic
and its consequences may have a material adverse effect on us. We face various risks and uncertainties related to public health
crises, including the global COVID-19 pandemic, which has disrupted financial markets and significantly impacted worldwide economic
activity. The future impact of the COVID-19 pandemic as well as mandatory and voluntary actions taken to mitigate
the public health impact of the pandemic may have a material adverse effect on our financial condition. The COVID-19 pandemic and social
and governmental responses to the pandemic have caused, and may continue to cause, severe economic, market and other disruptions worldwide.
Although the COVID-19 pandemic and related societal and government responses have not, to date, had a material impact on our business
or financial results, the extent to which COVID-19 and related actions may, in the future, impact our operations cannot be predicted
with any degree of confidence. As a result, we cannot at this time predict the direct or indirect impact on us of the COVID-19 pandemic,
but it could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, liquidity, results of operations and prospects. 

Global
and regional economic conditions could materially adversely affect the Company s business, results of operations, financial condition
and growth. Adverse macroeconomic conditions, including inflation, slower growth or recession, tighter credit, higher interest
rates and high unemployment could materially adversely affect the Company s business, results of operations, financial condition
and growth. In addition, uncertainty about, or a decline in, global or regional economic conditions could have a significant impact on
the Company s suppliers. 

We
may not be able to obtain adequate cash to fund our business. Our business requires access to adequate cash to finance our operations,
distributions, capital expenditures, debt service obligations, development and redevelopment costs and property acquisition costs, if
any. We expect to generate the cash to be used for these purposes primarily with operating cash flow, borrowings under secured and unsecured
loans, proceeds from sales of strategically identified assets and, when market conditions permit, through the issuance of debt and equity
securities from time to time. We may not be able to generate sufficient cash to fund our business, particularly if we are unable to renew
leases, lease vacant space or re-lease space as leases expire according to our expectations. 

We
are dependent on key personnel. Our executive and other senior officers have a significant role in our success. Our ability to
retain our management group or to attract suitable replacements should any members of the management group leave is dependent on the
competitive nature of the employment market. The loss of services from key members of the management group or a limitation in their availability
could adversely affect our financial condition and cash flow. Further, such a loss could be negatively perceived in the capital markets. 

Some
of our directors and officers may have conflicts of interest with respect to certain related party transactions and other business
interests. Mr. Eugene W. Landy, the Founder and Chairman of the Board of Directors of the Company, owned a 24 interest in
the entity that is the landlord of the property where the Company s corporate office space is located. Effective January 2023,
Mr. Eugene Landy transferred this ownership to Mr. Samuel A. Landy, the President and Chief Executive Officer and a director of the
Company, and other family members. Effective October 1, 2019, the Company entered into a new lease for its executive offices in
Freehold, New Jersey which combines the existing corporate office space with additional adjacent office space. This new lease
extends our existing lease through April 30, 2027 and requires monthly lease payments of 23,098 through April 30, 2022 and 23,302
from May 1, 2022 through April 30, 2027. The Company is also responsible for its proportionate share of real estate taxes and common
area maintenance. Mr. Samuel A. Landy may have a conflict of interest with respect to his
obligations as our officer and/or director and his ownership interest in the landlord of the property. 

Further,
Mr. Eugene W. Landy owns a 9. 6 interest, Mr. Samuel A. Landy owns a 4.8 interest, Mr. Daniel Landy, who is also an officer of the Company, owns a 0.96 interest, and the Samuel Landy Family Limited Partnership (of which Daniel Landy is the sole general partner)
own a 0.96 interest in the
qualified opportunity zone fund, UMH OZ Fund, LLC OZ Fund ), recently formed by the Company. In addition, one of the Company s independent directors own a 0.96 interest in the OZ Fund. 

We
may amend our business policies without shareholder approval . Our Board of Directors determines our growth, investment, financing,
capitalization, borrowing, REIT status, operations and distributions policies. Although our Board of Directors has no present intention
to change or reverse any of these policies, they may be amended or revised without notice to shareholders. Accordingly, shareholders
may not have control over changes in our policies. We cannot assure you that changes in our policies will serve fully the interests of
all shareholders. 

- 20 - 

The
market value of our Series D Preferred Stock and Common Stock could decrease based on our performance and market perception and conditions . 
The market value of our Series D Preferred Stock and Common Stock may be based primarily upon the market s perception of our growth potential
and current and future cash dividends, and may be secondarily based upon the real estate market value of our underlying assets. The market
price of our Series D Preferred Stock and Common Stock is influenced by their respective distributions relative to market interest rates. Rising interest
rates may lead potential buyers of our stock to expect a higher distribution rate, which could adversely affect the market price of our
stock. In addition, rising interest rates would result in increased expense, thereby adversely affecting cash flow and our ability to
service our indebtedness and pay distributions. 

The
market price and trading volume of our Common Stock may fluctuate significantly. The per-share
trading price of our Common Stock may fluctuate. In addition, the trading volume in our Common Stock may fluctuate and cause significant
price variations to occur. If the per-share trading price of our Common Stock declines significantly, investors in our Common Stock may
be unable to resell their shares at or above their purchase price. We cannot provide any assurance that the per-share trading price of
our Common Stock will not fluctuate or decline significantly in the future. 

Some
of the factors that could negatively affect our share price or result in fluctuations in the price or trading volume of our stock include: 

actual
 or anticipated variations in our quarterly operating results or dividends; 

changes
 in our funds from operations or earnings estimates; 

publication
 of research reports about us or the real estate industry; 

prevailing
 interest rates; 

the
 market for similar securities; 

changes
 in market valuations of similar companies; 

adverse
 market reaction to any additional debt we incur in the future; 

additions
 or departures of key management personnel; 

actions
 by institutional shareholders; 

speculation
 in the press or investment community; 

the
 extent of investor interest in our securities; 

the
 general reputation of REITs and the attractiveness of our equity securities in comparison to other equity securities, including securities
 issued by other real estate-based companies; 

our
 underlying asset value; 

investor
 confidence in the stock and bond markets, generally; 

changes
 in tax laws; 

future
 equity issuances; 

failure
 to meet earnings estimates; 

failure
 to maintain our REIT status; 

changes
 in valuation of our REIT securities portfolio; 

general
 economic and financial market conditions; 

war,
 terrorist acts and epidemic disease, including the COVID-19 pandemic; 

our
 issuance of debt or preferred equity securities; 

our
 financial condition, results of operations and prospects; and 

the
 realization of any of the other risk factors presented in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

In
the past, securities class action litigation has often been instituted against companies following periods of volatility in the price
of their Common Stock. This type of litigation could result in substantial costs and divert our management s attention and resources,
which could have an adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations, cash flow and per-share trading price of our Common Stock. 

Third-party
expectations relating to environmental, social and governance factors may impose additional costs and expose us to new risks . There
is an increasing focus from certain investors concerning corporate responsibility, specifically related to environmental, social and
governance factors. In addition, there is an increased focus on such matters by various regulatory authorities, including the SEC,
and the activities and expense required to comply with new regulations or standards may be significant. Some investors may use these
factors to guide their investment strategies and, in some cases, may choose not to invest in us if they believe our policies
relating to corporate responsibility are inadequate. Third-party providers of corporate responsibility ratings and reports on
companies have increased in number, resulting in varied and in some cases inconsistent standards. In addition, the criteria by which
companies corporate responsibility practices are assessed and the regulations applicable thereto are evolving, which could
result in greater expectations of us and cause us to undertake costly initiatives or activities to satisfy such new criteria or
regulations. Further, if we elect not to or are unable to satisfy such new criteria or do not meet the criteria of a specific
third-party provider, some investors may conclude that our policies with respect to corporate responsibility are inadequate. We may
face reputational damage in the event that our corporate responsibility procedures or standards do not meet the standards set by
various constituencies. Furthermore, if our competitors corporate responsibility performance is perceived to be superior to
ours, potential or current investors may elect to invest in our competitors instead of us. In addition, we could fail, or be
perceived to fail, in our achievement of our initiatives and goals with respect to environmental, social and governance matters, or
we could be criticized for the scope of such initiatives or goals. If we fail to satisfy the expectations of investors, our
initiatives are not executed as planned, or we do not satisfy our goals, our reputation and financial results could be adversely
affected. 

The
market prices and trading volumes of our Series D Preferred Stock may fluctuate significantly. Although
our Series D Preferred Stock is listed and traded on the NYSE, the trading markets for the Series D Preferred Stock is limited. Since
the Series D Preferred Stock has no maturity date, investors seeking liquidity may elect to sell their shares of Series D Preferred Stock
in the secondary market. If an active trading market does not exist, the market price and liquidity of the Series D Preferred Stock may
be adversely affected by such sales. Even if an active public market exists, we cannot guarantee that the market price for the Series
D Preferred Stock will equal or exceed the price that investors in the Series D Preferred Stock paid for their shares. 

The
future issuance or sale of additional shares of Common Stock or Series D Preferred
Stock could adversely affect the trading prices of our outstanding Common Stock and Series D 
Preferred Stock. Future
issuances or sales of substantial numbers of shares of our Common Stock or Preferred Stock in the public market, or the perception
that such issuances or sales might occur, could adversely affect the per-share trading prices of our Common Stock or Series D
Preferred Stock. The per-share trading price of our Common Stock or Series D Preferred Stock may decline significantly upon the sale
or registration of additional shares of our Common Stock or Series D Preferred Stock. 

- 21 - 

Future
issuances of our debt securities, which would be senior to our Series D Preferred Stock upon liquidation, or preferred equity securities
which may be senior to our Series D Preferred Stock for purposes of dividend distributions or upon liquidation, may adversely affect
the per-share trading prices of our Series D Preferred Stock. In the future, we may attempt
to increase our capital resources by issuing additional debt securities and/or additional classes or series of preferred stock. Upon
liquidation, holders of our debt securities and lenders with respect to other borrowings will be entitled to receive our available assets
prior to any distribution to holders of our Series D Preferred Stock. Additionally, any convertible or exchangeable securities that we
issue in the future may have rights, preferences and privileges more favorable than those of our Series D Preferred Stock. Any shares
of preferred stock that we issue in the future could have a preference on liquidating distributions or a preference on dividend payments
that could limit our ability to pay dividends to holders of our Series D Preferred Stock. Any such future issuances may adversely affect
the trading price of our Series D Preferred Stock. 

There
are restrictions on the transfer of our capital stock . To maintain our qualification as a REIT under the Code, no more than 50 
in value of our outstanding capital stock may be owned, actually or by attribution, by five or fewer individuals, as defined in the Code
to also include certain entities, during the last half of a taxable year. Accordingly, our charter contains provisions restricting the
transfer of our capital stock. These restrictions may discourage a tender offer or other transaction, or a change in management or of
control of us that might involve a premium price for our Common Stock or Series D Preferred Stock or that our shareholders otherwise believe to
be in their best interests, and may result in the transfer of shares acquired in excess of the restrictions to a trust for the benefit
of a charitable beneficiary and, as a result, the forfeiture by the acquirer of the benefits of owning the additional shares. 

The
dual listing of our Common Stock on the New York Stock Exchange NYSE and the Tel Aviv Stock Exchange TASE may result in price variations that could adversely affect liquidity of the market for our Common Stock. Our Common Stock is
listed and trades on both the NYSE and the TASE. The dual listing may result in price variations of our Common Stock between the two
exchanges due to various factors, including the use of different currencies and the different days and hours of trading for the two exchanges.
Any decrease in the trading price of our Common Stock in one market could cause a decrease in the trading price in the other market.
In addition, the dual-listing may adversely affect liquidity and trading prices on one or both of the exchanges as a result of circumstances
that may be outside of our control. For example, transfers by holders of our securities from trading on one exchange to the other could
result in increases or decreases in liquidity and or trading prices on either or both of the exchanges. Holders could also seek to sell
or buy our Common Stock to take advantage of any price differences between the two markets through a practice referred to as arbitrage.
Any such arbitrage activity could create volatility in both the price and volume of trading of our Common Stock. 

The
existing mechanism for the dual listing of securities on the NYSE and the TASE may be eliminated or modified in a manner that may subject
us to additional regulatory burden and additional costs. The current Israeli regulatory regime provides a mechanism for the dual-listing
of securities traded on the NYSE and the TASE that does not impose any significant regulatory burden or significant costs on us. If this
dual-listing regime is eliminated or modified, it may become more difficult for us to comply with the regulatory requirements, and this
could result in additional costs. In such event, we may consider delisting of our Common Stock from the TASE. 

Our
earnings are dependent, in part, upon the performance of our investment portfolio . As permitted by the Code, we invest in and
own securities of other REITs, which we generally limit to no more than approximately 15 of our undepreciated assets. To the extent
that the value of those investments decline or those investments do not provide a return, our earnings and cash flow could be adversely
affected. 

- 22 - 

We
are subject to restrictions that may impede our ability to effect a change in control . Certain provisions contained in our charter
and bylaws and certain provisions of Maryland law may have the effect of discouraging a third party from making an acquisition proposal
for us and thereby inhibit a change in control. These provisions include the following: 

Our
 charter provides for three classes of directors with the term of office of one class expiring each year, commonly referred to as
 a staggered board. By preventing common shareholders from voting on the election of more than one class of directors
 at any annual meeting of shareholders, this provision may have the effect of keeping the current members of our Board of Directors
 in control for a longer period of time than shareholders may desire. 

Our
 charter generally limits any holder from acquiring more than 9.8 (in value or in number, whichever is more restrictive) of our outstanding
 equity stock (defined as all of our classes of capital stock, except our excess stock). While this provision is intended to assure
 our ability to remain a qualified REIT for Federal income tax purposes, the ownership limit may also limit the opportunity for shareholders
 to receive a premium for their shares of Common Stock that might otherwise exist if an investor was attempting to assemble a block
 of shares in excess of 9.8 of the outstanding shares of equity stock or otherwise effect a change in control. 

The
 request of shareholders entitled to cast at least a majority of all votes entitled to be cast at such meeting is necessary for shareholders
 to call a special meeting. We also require advance notice by common shareholders for the nomination of directors or proposals of
 business to be considered at a meeting of shareholders. 

Our
 Board of Directors may authorize and cause us to issue securities without shareholder approval. Under our charter, the board has
 the power to classify and reclassify any of our unissued shares of capital stock into shares of capital stock with such preferences,
 rights, powers and restrictions as the Board of Directors may determine. 

Business
 combination provisions that provide that, unless exempted, a Maryland corporation may not engage in certain business combinations,
 including mergers, dispositions of 10 or more of its assets, certain issuances of shares of stock and other specified transactions,
 with an interested shareholder or an affiliate of an interested shareholder for five years after the most recent date
 on which the interested shareholder became an interested shareholder, and thereafter unless specified criteria are met. An interested
 shareholder is defined generally as any person who beneficially owns 10 or more of the voting power of our shares or an affiliate
 thereof or an affiliate or associate of ours who was the beneficial owner, directly or indirectly, of 10 or more of the voting power
 of our then outstanding voting stock at any time within the two-year period immediately prior to the date in question. 

The
 duties of directors of a Maryland corporation do not require them to, among other things (a) accept, recommend or respond to any
 proposal by a person seeking to acquire control of the corporation, (b) authorize the corporation to redeem any rights under, or
 modify or render inapplicable, any shareholders rights plan, (c) make a determination under the Maryland Business Combination Act
 or the Maryland Control Share Acquisition Act to exempt any person or transaction from the requirements of those provisions, or (d)
 act or fail to act solely because of the effect of the act or failure to act may have on an acquisition or potential acquisition
 of control of the corporation or the amount or type of consideration that may be offered or paid to the shareholders in an acquisition. 

We
cannot assure you that we will be able to pay distributions regularly. Our ability to pay distributions in the future is dependent
on our ability to operate profitably and to generate cash from our operations and the operations of our subsidiaries and is subject to
limitations under our financing arrangements and Maryland law. Under the Maryland General Corporation Law, a Maryland corporation generally
may not make a distribution if, after giving effect to the distribution, the corporation would not be able to pay its debts as the debts
became due in the usual course of business, or the corporation s total assets would be less than the sum of its total liabilities
plus, unless the charter permits otherwise, the amount that would be needed if the corporation were to be dissolved at the time of the
distribution to satisfy the preferential rights upon dissolution of shareholders whose preferential rights on dissolution are superior
to those receiving the distribution. Accordingly, we cannot guarantee that we will be able to pay distributions on a regular quarterly
basis in the future. 

Dividends
on our capital stock do not qualify for the reduced tax rates available for some dividends. Income from qualified dividends 
payable to U.S. shareholders that are individuals, trusts and estates are generally subject to tax at preferential rates. Dividends payable
by REITs, however, generally are not eligible for the preferential tax rates applicable to qualified dividend income. Although these
rules do not adversely affect our taxation or the dividends payable by us, to the extent that the preferential rates continue to apply
to regular corporate qualified dividends, investors who are individuals, trusts and estates may perceive an investment in us to be relatively
less attractive than an investment in the stock of a non-REIT corporation that pays dividends, which could materially and adversely affect
the value of the shares of, and per share trading price of, our capital stock. It should be noted
that the TCJA provides for a deduction from income for individuals, trusts and estates up to 20 of certain REIT dividends, which reduces
the effective tax rate on such dividends below the effective tax rate on interest, though the deduction is generally not as favorable
as the preferential rate on qualified dividends. The deduction for certain REIT dividends, unlike the favorable rate for qualified dividends,
expires after 2025. 

- 23 - 

We
are subject to risks arising from litigation. We may become involved in litigation. Litigation can be costly, and the results
of litigation are often difficult to predict. We may not have adequate insurance coverage or contractual protection to cover costs and
liability in the event we are sued, and to the extent we resort to litigation to enforce our rights, we may incur significant costs and
ultimately be unsuccessful or unable to recover amounts we believe are owed to us. We may have little or no control of the timing of
litigation, which presents challenges to our strategic planning. 

Future
terrorist attacks and military conflicts could have a material adverse effect on general economic conditions, consumer confidence and
market liquidity. Among other things, it is possible that interest rates may be affected by these events. An increase in interest
rates may increase our costs of borrowing, leading to a reduction in our earnings. Terrorist acts affecting our properties could also
result in significant damages to, or loss of, our properties. Additionally, we may be unable to obtain adequate insurance coverage on
acceptable economic terms for losses resulting from acts of terrorism. Our lenders may require that we carry terrorism insurance even
if we do not believe this insurance is necessary or cost effective. Should an act of terrorism result in an uninsured loss or a loss
in excess of insured limits, we could lose capital invested in a property, as well as the anticipated future revenues from a property,
while remaining obligated for any mortgage indebtedness or other financial obligations related to the property. Any loss of these types
would adversely affect our financial condition. 

Disruptions
in the financial markets could affect our ability to obtain financing on reasonable terms and have other adverse effects on us and the
market price of our capital stock. Uncertainty in the stock and credit markets may negatively impact our ability to access additional
financing at reasonable terms, which may negatively affect our ability to acquire properties and otherwise pursue our investment strategy.
A prolonged downturn in the stock or credit markets may cause us to seek alternative sources of potentially less attractive financing,
and may require us to adjust our investment strategy accordingly. These types of events in the stock and credit markets may make it more
difficult or costly for us to raise capital through the issuance of the Common Stock, Preferred Stock or debt securities. The potential
disruptions in the financial markets may have a material adverse effect on the market value of the Common Stock and Preferred Stock,
or the economy in general. In addition, the national and local economic climate, including that of the energy-market dependent Marcellus
and Utica Shale regions, may be adversely impacted by, among other factors, potential restrictions on drilling, plant closings and industry
slowdowns, which may have a material adverse effect on the return we receive on our properties and investments, as well as other unknown
adverse effects on us. 

We
face risks relating to cybersecurity attacks which could adversely affect our business, cause loss of confidential information and disrupt
operations. We rely extensively on information technology to process transactions and manage our business. In the ordinary course
of our business, we collect and store sensitive data, including our business information and that of our tenants, clients, vendors and
employees on our network. This data is hosted on internal, as well as external, computer systems. Our external systems are hosted by
third-party service providers that may have access to such information in connection with providing necessary information technology
and security and other business services to us. This information may include personally identifiable information such as social security
numbers, banking information and credit card information. We employ a number of measures to prevent, detect and mitigate potential breaches
or disclosure of this confidential information. We have established a Cybersecurity Subcommittee of our Audit Committee to review and
provide high level guidance on cybersecurity related issues of importance to the Company. We also maintain cyber risk insurance to provide
some coverage for certain risks arising out of data and network breaches. While we continue to improve our cybersecurity and take measures
to protect our business, we and our third-party service providers may be vulnerable to attacks by hackers (including through malware,
ransomware, computer viruses, and email phishing schemes) or breached due to employee error, malfeasance, fire, flood or other physical
event, or other disruptions. Any such breach or disruption could compromise the confidential information of our employees, customers
and vendors to the extent such information exists on our systems or on the systems of third-party providers. Such an incident could result
in potential liability or a loss of confidence and legal claims or proceedings; damage our reputation, competitiveness, stock price and
long-term value; increase remediation, cybersecurity protection and insurance premium costs; disrupt and affect our business operations;
or have material adverse effects on our business. 

- 24 - 

We
are dependent on continuous access to the Internet to use our cloud-based applications. Damage or failure to our information
technology systems, including as a result of any of the reasons described above, could adversely affect our results of operations as
we may incur significant costs or data loss. We continually assess new and enhanced information technology solutions to manage risk of
system failure or interruption. 

We
face risks relating to expanding use of social media mediums. The use of social media could cause us to suffer brand damage or
information leakage. Negative posts or comments about us or our properties on any social networking website could damage our, or our
properties reputations. In addition, employees or others might disclose non-public sensitive information relating to our business
through external media channels. The continuing evolution of social media may present us with new challenges and risks. The considerable
increase in the use of social media over recent years has greatly expanded the potential scope and scale, and increased the rapidity
of the dissemination of negative publicity that could be generated by negative posts and comments. 

Certain
risks are associated with our Qualified Opportunity Zone Fund. Some aspects of the Qualified Opportunity Zone rules adopted by
the Internal Revenue Service remain uncertain. Legislation may be needed to clarify certain of the provisions in the Qualified Opportunity
Zone rules and to give proper effect to Congressional intent as expressed in the TCJA. No assurance can be provided that additional legislation
will be enacted, and even if enacted, that such additional legislation will clearly address all items that require or would benefit from
clarification. It is unclear if additional guidance will be released, or in what manner the Treasury Department will resolve any remaining
areas of uncertainty. Accordingly, there can be no guarantee that our opportunity zone fund will qualify under the Qualified Opportunity
Zone rules as a Qualified Opportunity Zone fund or that the Company will be able to realize, through its investment in the fund, any
of the desired tax benefits. 

Item
1B Unresolved Staff Comments 

None. 

Item
2 Properties 

UMH
Properties, Inc. is engaged in the ownership and operation of manufactured home communities. As of December 31, 2022, the Company
owned 134 manufactured home communities (including one community acquired through the Company s opportunity zone fund)
containing approximately 25,600 developed sites, located in New Jersey, New York, Ohio, Pennsylvania, Tennessee, Indiana, Michigan,
Maryland, Alabama and South Carolina. Since January 1, 2023, we have acquired one additional community, located in Georgia, which
contains 118 developed homesites, through our opportunity zone fund. The Company also has an ownership interest in and operates two
communities in Florida through its joint venture with Nuveen. The rents collectible from the land in our communities ultimately
depend on the value of the home and land. Therefore, fewer but more expensive homes can actually produce the same or greater rents.
There is a long-term trend toward larger manufactured homes. Existing manufactured home communities designed for older manufactured
homes must be modified to accommodate modern, wider and longer manufactured homes. These changes may decrease the number of homes
that may be accommodated in a manufactured home community. For this reason, the number of developed sites operated by the Company is
subject to change, and the number of developed sites listed is always an approximate number. The following table sets forth certain
information concerning the Company s real estate investments as of December 31, 2022. 

Name of Community 
 Number of

 Developed 
 Sites 
 Occupancy 
 Percentage 
 at 12/31/22 
 Occupancy Percentage 
 at 12/31/21 
 Acreage 
 Developed 
 Additional 
 Acreage 
 Weighted Average Monthly Rent Per
 Site at 12/31/22 

Allentown 
 434 
 96 
 97 
 87 
 18 
 537 
 
 4912 Raleigh-Millington Road 

Memphis, TN 38128 

Arbor Estates 
 230 
 96 
 97 
 30 
 1 
 807 
 
 1081 North Easton Road 

Doylestown, PA 18902 

Auburn Estates 
 42 
 90 
 95 
 13 
 -0- 
 402 
 
 919 Hostetler Road 

Orrville, OH 44667 

Bayshore Estates 
 207 
 80 
 84 
 56 
 -0- 
 367 
 
 105 West Shoreway Drive 

Sandusky, OH 44870 

Birchwood Farms 
 143 
 94 
 95 
 28 
 -0- 
 528 
 
 8057 Birchwood Drive 

Birch Run, MI 48415 

- 25 - 

Name of Community 
 Number of Developed 
 Sites 
 Occupancy 
 Percentage 
 at 12/31/22 
 Occupancy 
 Percentage at 12/31/21 
 Acreage 
 Developed 
 Additional 
 Acreage 
 Weighted Average Monthly Rent Site at
 12/31/22 

Boardwalk 
 193 
 98 
 98 
 45 
 -0- 
 444 
 
 2105 Osolo Road 

Elkhart, IN 46514 

Broadmore Estates 
 390 
 93 
 93 
 93 
 19 
 532 
 
 148 Broadmore Estates 

Goshen, IN 46528 

Brookside Village 
 170 
 83 
 82 
 37 
 2 
 526 
 
 107 Skyline Drive 

Berwick, PA 18603 

Brookview Village 
 174 
 91 
 92 
 46 
 64 
 607 
 
 2025 Route 9N, Lot 137 

Greenfield Center, NY 12833 

Camelot Village 
 115 
 86 
 96 
 32 
 50 
 336 
 
 2700 West 38 th Street 

Anderson, IN 46013 

Camelot Woods 
 153 
 59 
 55 
 32 
 -0- 
 332 
 
 124 Clairmont Drive 

Altoona, PA 16601 

Candlewick Court 
 211 
 78 
 70 
 40 
 -0- 
 543 
 
 1800 Candlewick Drive 

Owosso, MI 48867 

Carsons 
 131 
 85 
 85 
 14 
 4 
 476 
 
 649 North Franklin Street Lot 116 

Chambersburg, PA 17201 

Catalina 
 459 
 75 
 73 
 75 
 26 
 499 
 
 6501 Germantown Road 

Middletown, OH 45042 

Cedarcrest Village 
 283 
 98 
 99 
 71 
 30 
 728 
 
 1976 North East Avenue 

Vineland, NJ 08360 

Center Manor 
 96 
 35 
 N/A 
 16 
 2 
 535 
 
 400 Center Manor Drive 

Monaca, PA 15061 

Chambersburg I II 
 99 
 74 
 76 
 11 
 -0- 
 447 
 
 5368 Philadelphia Avenue Lot 34 

Chambersburg, PA 17201 

Chelsea 
 84 
 96 
 99 
 12 
 -0- 
 490 
 
 459 Chelsea Lane 

Sayre, PA 18840 

- 26 - 

Name of Community 
 Number of Developed Sites 
 Occupancy Percentage at 12/31/22 
 Occupancy Percentage at 12/31/21 
 Acreage Developed 
 Additional Acreage 
 Weighted Monthly Rent Site at 12/31/22 

Cinnamon Woods 
 62 
 100 
 100 
 10 
 67 
 589 
 
 70 Curry Avenue 

Conowingo, MD 21918 

City View 
 57 
 96 
 96 
 20 
 2 
 393 
 
 110 Fort Granville Lot C5 

Lewistown, PA 17044 

Clinton Mobile Home Resort 
 116 
 97 
 99 
 23 
 1 
 489 
 
 60 North State Route 101 

Tiffin, OH 44883 

Collingwood 
 102 
 84 
 85 
 20 
 -0- 
 505 
 
 358 Chambers Road Lot 001 

Horseheads, NY 14845 

Colonial Heights 
 159 
 97 
 96 
 31 
 1 
 381 
 
 917 Two Ridge Road 

Wintersville, OH 43953 

Countryside Estates 
 164 
 81 
 85 
 44 
 20 
 417 
 
 1500 East Fuson Road 

Muncie, IN 47302 

Countryside Estates 
 142 
 92 
 96 
 27 
 -0- 
 421 
 
 6605 State Route 5 

Ravenna, OH 44266 

Countryside Village/Duck River Estates 
 407 
 88 
 92 
 79 
 103 
 452/ 495 
 
 200 Early Road 

Columbia, TN 38401 

Cranberry Village 
 187 
 98 
 98 
 36 
 -0- 
 670 
 
 100 Treesdale Drive 

Cranberry Township, PA 16066 

Crestview 
 97 
 98 
 92 
 19 
 -0- 
 442 
 
 Wolcott Hollow Road Route 220 

Athens, PA 18810 

Cross Keys Village 
 132 
 90 
 93 
 21 
 2 
 541 
 
 259 Brown Swiss Circle 

Duncansville, PA 16635 

Crossroads Village 
 34 
 79 
 76 
 9 
 -0- 
 449 
 
 549 Chicory Lane 

Mount Pleasant, PA 15666 

Dallas Mobile Home Community 
 142 
 89 
 92 
 21 
 -0- 
 309 
 
 1104 North 4 th Street 

Toronto, OH 43964 

Deer Meadows 
 98 
 98 
 94 
 22 
 8 
 392 
 
 12921 Springfield Road 

New Springfield, OH 44443 

- 27 - 

Name of Community 
 Number of Developed Sites 
 Occupancy Percentage at 12/31/22 
 Occupancy Percentage at 12/31/21 
 Acreage Developed 
 Additional Acreage 
 Weighted Average Monthly Rent Per Site at 12/31/22 

Deer Run 
 189 
 46 
 31 
 33 
 -0- 
 185 
 
 3142 Flynn Road Lot 194 

Dothan, AL 36303 

D R Village 
 234 
 96 
 95 
 44 
 -0- 
 678 
 
 430 Route 146 Lot 65A 

Clifton Park, NY 12065 

Evergreen Estates 
 55 
 98 
 96 
 10 
 3 
 417 
 
 425 Medina Street 

Lodi, OH 44254 

Evergreen Manor 
 68 
 90 
 90 
 7 
 -0- 
 419 
 
 26041 Aurora Avenue 

Bedford, OH 44146 

Evergreen Village 
 50 
 90 
 86 
 10 
 4 
 444 
 
 9249 State Route 44 

Mantua, OH 44255 

Fairview Manor 
 317 
 95 
 96 
 66 
 132 
 767 
 
 2110 Mays Landing Road 

Millville, NJ 08332 

Fifty-One Estates 
 170 
 82 
 89 
 42 
 6 
 493 
 
 Hayden Boulevard 

Elizabeth, PA 15037 

Fohl Village 
 321 
 77 
 N/A 
 126 
 44 
 395 
 
 5729 Joleda Drive SW 

Canton, OH 44706 

Forest Creek 
 167 
 97 
 96 
 37 
 -0- 
 566 
 
 855 East Mishawaka Road 

Elkhart, IN 46517 

Forest Park Village 
 246 
 93 
 94 
 79 
 -0- 
 606 
 
 102 Holly Drive 

Cranberry Township, PA 16066 

Fox Chapel Village 
 120 
 94 
 97 
 23 
 2 
 426 
 
 1 Greene Drive 

Cheswick, PA 15024 

Frieden Manor 
 193 
 97 
 97 
 42 
 99 
 561 
 
 102 Frieden Manor 

Schuylkill Haven, PA 17972 

Friendly Village 
 824 
 50 
 52 
 101 
 -0- 
 450 
 
 27696 Oregon Road 

Perrysburg, OH 43551 

Garden View (1) 
 181 
 34 
 N/A 
 31 
 8 
 232 
 
 100 Banashee Circle 

Orangeburg,
 SC 29115 

- 28 - 

Name of Community 
 Number of 
 Developed Sites 
 Occupancy 
 Percentage at 12/31/22 
 Occupancy 
 Percentage 
 at 12/31/21 
 Acreage 
 Developed 
 Additional 
 Acreage 
 Weighted Average 
 Monthly Rent Per Site at 12/31/22 

Green Acres 
 24 
 88 
 92 
 6 
 -0- 
 473 
 
 4496 Sycamore Grove Road 

Chambersburg, PA 17201 

Gregory Courts 
 39 
 97 
 97 
 9 
 -0- 
 751 
 
 1 Mark Lane 

Honey Brook, PA 19344 

Hayden Heights 
 115 
 99 
 99 
 19 
 -0- 
 474 
 
 5501 Cosgray Road 

Dublin, OH 43016 

Heather Highlands 
 366 
 85 
 74 
 79 
 -0- 
 536 
 
 109 Main Street 

Inkerman, PA 18640 

Hidden Creek 
 351 
 62 
 N/A 
 69 
 19 
 384 
 
 6400 South Dixie Highway 

Erie, MI 48133 

High View Acres 
 154 
 84 
 84 
 43 
 -0- 
 448 
 
 247 Murray Lane 

Export, PA 15632 

Highland 
 246 
 84 
 90 
 42 
 -0- 
 465 
 
 1875 Osolo Road 

Elkhart, IN 46514 

Highland Estates 
 317 
 98 
 98 
 98 
 65 
 677 
 
 60 Old Route 22 

Kutztown, PA 19530 

Hillcrest Crossing 
 197 
 88 
 80 
 60 
 16 
 373 
 
 100 Lorraine Drive 

Lower Burrell, PA 15068 

Hillcrest Estates 
 218 
 97 
 98 
 46 
 45 
 506 
 
 14200 Industrial Parkway 

Marysville, OH 43040 

Hillside Estates 
 88 
 89 
 92 
 29 
 20 
 420 
 
 1722 Snyder Avenue 

Greensburg, PA 15601 

Holiday Village 
 331 
 85 
 79 
 36 
 29 
 540 
 
 201 Sam Street 

Nashville, TN 37207 

Holiday Village 
 326 
 90 
 87 
 53 
 2 
 552 
 
 1350 Co Road 3 

Elkhart, IN 46514 

Holly Acres Estates 
 153 
 97 
 96 
 30 
 9 
 449 
 
 7240 Holly Dale Drive 

Erie,
 PA 16509 

- 29 - 

Name of Community 
 Number of Developed 
 Sites 
 Occupancy 
 Percentage at 12/31/22 
 Occupancy 
 Percentage at 12/31/21 
 Acreage 
 Developed 
 Additional 
 Acreage 
 Weighted Average Monthly Rent Per Site at
 12/31/22 

Hudson Estates 
 159 
 95 
 94 
 19 
 -0- 
 376 
 
 100 Keenan Road 

Peninsula, OH 44264 

Huntingdon Pointe 
 78 
 95 
 97 
 45 
 4 
 351 
 
 240 Tee Drive 

Tarrs, PA 15688 

Independence Park 
 92 
 95 
 96 
 36 
 15 
 452 
 
 355 Route 30 

Clinton, PA 15026 

Iris Winds 
 141 
 69 
 44 
 24 
 -0- 
 195 
 
 1230 South Pike East Lot 144 

Sumter, SC 29153 

Kinnebrook 
 250 
 99 
 100 
 66 
 8 
 672 
 
 351 State Route 17B 

Monticello, NY 12701 

LaVista Estates 
 141 
 1 
 N/A 
 29 
 7 
 105 
 
 2390 Denton Road 

Dothan, AL 36303 

Lake Erie Estates 
 162 
 66 
 69 
 21 
 -0- 
 418 
 
 3742 East Main Street, Apt 1 

Fredonia, NY 14757 

Lake Sherman Village 
 251 
 95 
 95 
 63 
 34 
 535 
 
 7227 Beth Avenue, SW 

Navarre, OH 44662 

Lakeview Meadows 
 79 
 100 
 96 
 21 
 32 
 427 
 
 11900 Duff Road, Lot 58 

Lakeview, OH 43331 

Laurel Woods 
 208 
 81 
 82 
 43 
 -0- 
 486 
 
 1943 St. Joseph Street 

Cresson, PA 16630 

Little Chippewa 
 61 
 98 
 97 
 13 
 -0- 
 433 
 
 11563 Back Massillon Road 

Orrville, OH 44667 

Mandell Trails 
 140 
 80 
 N/A 
 54 
 15 
 245 
 
 108 Bay Street 

Butler, PA 16002 

Maple Manor 
 312 
 81 
 79 
 71 
 -0- 
 453 
 
 18 Williams Street 

Taylor, PA 18517 

Marysville Estates 
 306 
 70 
 67 
 58 
 -0- 
 463 
 
 548 North Main Street 

Marysville, OH 43040 

- 30 - 

Name
 of Community 
 Number
 of Developed Sites 
 Occupancy
 Percentage at 12/31/22 
 Occupancy
 Percentage at 12/31/21 
 Acreage 
 Developed 
 Additional 
 Acreage 
 Weighted
 Average Monthly Rent Per Site at 12/31/22 

Meadowood 
 122 
 89 
 93 
 20 
 -0- 
 482 
 
 9555
 Struthers Road 

New
 Middletown, OH 44442 

Meadows 
 335 
 76 
 80 
 61 
 -0- 
 476 
 
 11 Meadows 

Nappanee,
 IN 46550 

Meadows of Perrysburg 
 196 
 95 
 97 
 47 
 8 
 471 
 
 27484
 Oregon Road 

Perrysburg,
 OH 43551 

Melrose
 Village 
 293 
 92 
 95 
 71 
 -0- 
 430 
 
 4400
 Melrose Drive, Lot 301 

Wooster,
 OH 44691 

Melrose
 West 
 29 
 100 
 100 
 27 
 3 
 435 
 
 4455
 Cleveland Road 

Wooster,
 OH 44691 

Memphis
 Blues (2) 
 134 
 66 
 92 
 16 
 78 
 480 
 
 1401
 Memphis Blues Avenue 

Memphis,
 TN 38127 

Monroe
 Valley 
 44 
 98 
 95 
 11 
 -0- 
 600 
 
 15
 Old State Road 

Jonestown,
 PA 17038 

Moosic
 Heights 
 147 
 94 
 93 
 35 
 -0- 
 472 
 
 118 1st Street 

Avoca,
 PA 18641 

Mount
 Pleasant Village 
 114 
 96 
 95 
 19 
 -0- 
 390 
 
 1
 Village Drive 

Mount
 Pleasant, PA 15666 

Mountaintop 
 39 
 87 
 90 
 11 
 2 
 690 
 
 Mountain
 Top Lane 

Narvon,
 PA 17555 

Mountain
 View (3) 
 -0- 
 N/A 
 N/A 
 -0- 
 220 
 N/A 
 
 Van
 Dyke Street 

Coxsackie,
 NY 12501 

New
 Colony 
 113 
 71 
 74 
 16 
 -0- 
 490 
 
 3101
 Homestead Duquesne Road 

West
 Mifflin, PA 15122 

Northtowne
 Meadows 
 384 
 90 
 90 
 85 
 -0- 
 459 
 
 6255
 Telegraph Road 

Erie,
 MI 48133 

Oak
 Ridge Estates 
 205 
 97 
 99 
 40 
 -0- 
 559 
 
 1201
 Country Road 15 

Elkhart,
 IN 46514 

- 31 - 

Name of Community 
 Number of Developed Sites 
 Occupancy Percentage at
 12/31/22 
 Occupancy Percentage at
 12/31/21 
 Acreage Developed 
 Additional Acreage 
 Weighted Average Monthly Rent Per
 Site at 12/31/22 

Oak Tree 
 260 
 98 
 N/A 
 39 
 2 
 493 
 
 565 Diamond Road 

Jackson, NJ 08527 

Oakwood Lake Village 
 78 
 69 
 74 
 40 
 -0- 
 538 
 
 308 Gruver Lake 

Tunkhannock, PA 18657 

Olmsted Falls 
 125 
 97 
 98 
 15 
 -0- 
 492 
 
 26875 Bagley Road 

Olmsted Township, OH 44138 

Oxford Village 
 224 
 99 
 99 
 59 
 2 
 783 
 
 2 Dolinger Drive 

West Grove, PA 19390 

Parke Place 
 367 
 93 
 98 
 94 
 15 
 449 
 
 2331 Osolo Road 

Elkhart, IN 46514 

Perrysburg Estates 
 133 
 93 
 95 
 26 
 7 
 414 
 
 23720 Lime City Road 

Perrysburg, OH 43551 

Pikewood Manor 
 492 
 87 
 88 
 86 
 31 
 484 
 
 1780 Lorain Boulevard 

Elyria, OH 44035 

Pine Ridge Village/Pine Manor 
 194 
 87 
 89 
 50 
 30 
 622/ 640 
 
 100 Oriole Drive 

Carlisle, PA 17013 

Pine Valley Estates 
 213 
 78 
 82 
 38 
 -0- 
 441 
 
 1283 Sugar Hollow Road 

Apollo, PA 15613 

Pleasant View Estates 
 110 
 85 
 85 
 21 
 9 
 463 
 
 6020 Fort Jenkins Lane 

Bloomsburg, PA 17815 

Port Royal Village 
 476 
 61 
 63 
 101 
 -0- 
 546 
 
 485 Patterson Lane 

Belle Vernon, PA 15012 

Redbud Estates 
 579 
 96 
 96 
 128 
 21 
 291 
 
 1800 West 38 th Street 

Anderson, IN 46013 

River Valley Estates 
 228 
 89 
 86 
 60 
 -0- 
 458 
 
 2066 Victory Road 

Marion, OH 43302 

Rolling Hills Estates 
 90 
 87 
 96 
 31 
 1 
 447 
 
 14 Tip Top Circle 

Carlisle, PA 17015 

- 32 - 

Name of Community 
 Number of Developed Sites 
 Occupancy Percentage at
 12/31/22 
 Occupancy Percentage at
 12/31/21 
 Acreage Developed 
 Additional Acreage 
 Weighted Average Monthly Rent Per
 Site at 12/31/22 

Rostraver Estates 
 66 
 88 
 91 
 17 
 66 
 524 
 
 1198 Rostraver Road 

Belle Vernon, PA 15012 

Sandy Valley Estates 
 363 
 79 
 75 
 102 
 10 
 488 
 
 11461 State Route 800 N.E. 

Magnolia, OH 44643 

Shady Hills 
 212 
 93 
 89 
 25 
 -0- 
 532 
 
 1508 Dickerson Pike #L3 

Nashville, TN 37207 

Somerset Estates/Whispering Pines 
 249 
 84 
 84 
 74 
 24 
 453/ 540 
 
 1873 Husband Road 

Somerset, PA 15501 

Southern Terrace 
 118 
 100 
 99 
 26 
 4 
 411 
 
 1229 State Route 164 

Columbiana, OH 44408 

Southwind Village 
 250 
 99 
 99 
 36 
 -0- 
 641 
 
 435 E. Veterans Highway 

Jackson, NJ 08527 

Spreading Oaks Village 
 148 
 93 
 95 
 37 
 24 
 478 
 
 7140-29 Selby Road 

Athens, OH 45701 

Springfield Meadows 
 122 
 99 
 95 
 43 
 77 
 427 
 
 4100 Troy Road 

Springfield, OH 45502 

Struble Ridge (4) 
 -0- 
 N/A 
 N/A 
 -0- 
 61 
 N/A 
 
 2232 Horseshoe Pike 

Honey Brook, PA 19344 

Suburban Estates 
 200 
 90 
 96 
 36 
 -0- 
 463 
 
 33 Maruca Drive 

Greensburg, PA 15601 

Summit Estates 
 141 
 93 
 97 
 25 
 1 
 428 
 
 3305 Summit Road 

Ravenna, OH 44266 

Summit Village 
 106 
 94 
 87 
 25 
 33 
 287 
 
 246 North 500 East 

Marion, IN 46952 

Sunny Acres 
 207 
 96 
 95 
 55 
 3 
 423 
 
 272 Nicole Lane 

Somerset, PA 15501 

Sunnyside 
 63 
 84 
 84 
 8 
 1 
 786 
 
 2901 West Ridge Pike 

Eagleville, PA 19403 

- 33 - 

Name of Community 
 Number of Developed Sites 
 Occupancy Percentage at
 12/31/22 
 Occupancy Percentage at
 12/31/21 
 Acreage 
 Developed 
 Additional 
 Acreage 
 Weighted Average Monthly Rent Per
 Site at 12/31/22 

Trailmont 
 129 
 95 
 95 
 32 
 -0- 
 538 
 
 122 Hillcrest Road 

Goodlettsville, TN 37072 

Twin Oaks I II 
 141 
 97 
 97 
 21 
 -0- 
 597 
 
 27216 Cook Road 

Olmsted Township, OH 44138 

Twin Pines 
 219 
 90 
 92 
 48 
 2 
 527 
 
 2011 West Wilden Avenue 

Goshen, IN 46528 

Valley High 
 75 
 89 
 87 
 13 
 16 
 410 
 
 32 Valley High Lane 

Ruffs Dale, PA 15679 

Valley Hills 
 267 
 97 
 97 
 66 
 67 
 416 
 
 4364 Sandy Lake Road 

Ravenna, OH 44266 

Valley Stream 
 143 
 79 
 78 
 37 
 6 
 405 
 
 60 Valley Stream 

Mountaintop, PA 18707 

Valley View I 
 104 
 98 
 98 
 19 
 -0- 
 611 
 
 1 Sunflower Drive 

Ephrata, PA 17522 

Valley View II 
 43 
 100 
 100 
 7 
 -0- 
 631 
 
 1 Sunflower Drive 

Ephrata, PA 17522 

Valley View Honey Brook 
 144 
 97 
 92 
 28 
 13 
 742 
 
 1 Mark Lane 

Honey Brook, PA 19344 

Voyager Estates 
 259 
 64 
 68 
 72 
 20 
 414 
 
 1002 Satellite Drive 

West Newton, PA 15089 

Waterfalls Village 
 196 
 79 
 83 
 35 
 -0- 
 651 
 
 3450 Howard Road Lot 21 

Hamburg, NY 14075 

Wayside 
 81 
 95 
 94 
 16 
 5 
 373 
 
 1000 Garfield Avenue 

Bellefontaine, OH 43331 

Weatherly Estates 
 271 
 100 
 100 
 41 
 -0- 
 490 
 
 271 Weatherly Drive 

Lebanon, TN 37087 

Wellington Estates 
 206 
 88 
 84 
 46 
 1 
 354 
 
 247 Murray Lane 

Export, PA 15632 

- 34 - 

Name of Community 
 Number of Developed Sites 
 Occupancy Percentage at
 12/31/22 
 Occupancy Percentage at
 12/31/21 
 Acreage 
 Developed 
 Additional 
 Acreage 
 Weighted Average Monthly Rent Per
 Site at 12/31/22 

Woodland Manor 
 148 
 75 
 72 
 77 
 -0- 
 427 
 
 338 County Route 11, Lot 165 

West Monroe, NY 13167 

Woodlawn Village 
 156 
 90 
 92 
 14 
 -0- 
 747 
 
 265 Route 35 

Eatontown, NJ 07724 

Woods Edge 
 599 
 60 
 59 
 151 
 50 
 457 
 
 1670 East 650 North 

West Lafayette, IN 47906 

Wood Valley 
 158 
 72 
 71 
 31 
 56 
 408 
 
 2 West Street 

Caledonia, OH 43314 

Worthington Arms 
 218 
 93 
 94 
 36 
 -0- 
 726 
 
 5277 Columbus Pike 

Lewis Center, OH 43035 

Youngstown Estates 
 89 
 64 
 64 
 14 
 59 
 421 
 
 999 Balmer Road 

Youngstown, NY 14174 

Total 
 25,568 
 84.6 
 86.0 
 5,513 
 2,066 
 498 

(1) 
 Community
 is part of the opportunity zone fund. 
 
 (2) 
 Community
was closed due to unusual flooding throughout the region in May 2011. We are currently working on the redevelopment of this community.
The total redevelopment will be 237 sites. Phase I, consisting of 39 sites, was 100 occupied as of December 31, 2018. Phase II, consisting
of 51 sites, was recently completed in 2020 and in the process of being occupied. Phase III, consisting of 44 sites, is in the process
of being developed. Phase IV has been approved by city council and will allow up to an additional 103 sites. 
 
 (3) 
 We
 are currently seeking site plan approvals for approximately 360 sites for this property. 
 
 (4) 
 We
 are currently seeking site plan approvals for approximately 113 sites for this property. 

The
Company also has 2,066 undeveloped acres that may be developed into approximately 8,300 sites. We have approximately 3,500 sites in various
stages of the approval process that may be developed over the next 7 years. Due to the uncertainties involved in the approval and construction
process, it is difficult to predict the number of sites which will be completed in a given year. 

In
addition to the communities owned by the Company listed above, the Company s joint venture with Nuveen Real Estate owns Sebring
Square, a newly-developed all-age, manufactured home community located in Sebring, Florida, which was acquired in December 2021. This
community contains 219 developed homesites situated on approximately 39 acres and is now open for presales. In addition, the Company s
joint venture owns Rum Runner, a newly-developed all-age, manufactured home community, also located in Sebring, Florida, which was acquired
in December 2022. This community contains 144 developed homesites situated on approximately 20 acres. 

Significant
Properties 

The
Company operated manufactured home properties with an approximate cost of 1.4 billion as of December 31, 2022. These properties consist
of 134 separate manufactured home communities (including one community acquired through the opportunity zone fund) and related improvements
(excluding the Sebring Square and Rum Runner communities in Florida acquired in December 2021 and 2022, respectively, which are operated
by the Company and owned by the Company s joint venture with Nuveen Real Estate). No single community constitutes more than 10 
of the total assets of the Company. Our larger properties consist of: Friendly Village (Ohio) with 824 developed sites, Woods Edge (Indiana)
with 599 developed sites, Redbud Estates (Indiana) with 579 developed sites, Pikewood Manor (Ohio) with 492 developed sites, and Port
Royal Village (Pennsylvania) with 476 developed sites. 

- 35 - 

Mortgages
on Properties 

The
Company has mortgages on many of its properties. The maturity dates of these mortgages range from 2023 to 2032, with a weighted average
term of 5.1 years. Interest on these mortgages is payable at fixed rates ranging from 2.62 to 6.35 . The weighted average interest rate
on our mortgages, not including the effect of unamortized debt issuance costs, was approximately 3.9 and 3.8 at both December 31, 2022
and 2021, respectively. The aggregate balances of these mortgages, net of unamortized debt issuance costs, totaled 508.9 million and
 452.6 million at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. (For additional information, see Part IV, Item 15(a) (1) (vi), Note 7 of
the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements Loans and Mortgages Payable). 

Joint
Venture with Nuveen 

In
December 2021, the Company and Teachers Insurance and Annuity Association of America, through Nuveen Real Estate (its asset
management division) Nuveen or Nuveen Real Estate ), established a joint venture for the purpose of acquiring manufactured housing and/or
recreational vehicle communities that are under development and/or newly developed and meet certain other investment
guidelines. The terms of the joint venture are set forth in a Limited Liability Company Agreement dated as of December 8, 2021
(the LLC Agreement entered into between a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company and an affiliate of Nuveen. 
The LLC Agreement provides for the parties to initially fund up to 70 million of equity capital for acquisitions during a 24-month
commitment period, with Nuveen having the option, subject to certain conditions, to elect to increase the parties total
commitments by up to an additional 100 million and to extend the commitment period for up to an additional four years. 
The LLC Agreement calls for committed capital to be funded 60 by Nuveen and 40 by the Company on a parity basis. The Company
serves as managing member of the joint venture and is responsible for day-to-day operations of the joint venture and management of
its properties, subject to obtaining approval of Nuveen Real Estate for major decisions (including investments, dispositions,
financings, major capital expenditures and annual budgets). The Company receives property management and other fees from the joint
venture. 

In
December 2021, the joint venture closed on the acquisition of Sebring Square, a newly developed all-age manufactured home community located
in Sebring, Florida for a total purchase price of 22.2 million. The Sebring Square community contains 219 developed homesites
situated on approximately 39 acres. Thereafter, in December 2022, the joint venture closed on the acquisition of Rum Runner,
another newly developed all-age manufactured home community, also located in Sebring, Florida, for a total purchase price of 15.1 million.
The Rum Runner community contains 144 developed homesites situated on approximately 20 acres. 

The
LLC Agreement between the Company and Nuveen provides that until the capital contributions to the joint venture are fully funded or
the joint venture is terminated, the joint venture will be the exclusive vehicle for the Company to acquire any manufactured housing
communities and/or recreational vehicle communities that meet the joint venture s investment guidelines. These
guidelines call for the joint venture to acquire manufactured housing and recreational vehicle communities that have been developed
within the previous two years and are less than 20 occupied, are located in certain geographic markets, are projected to meet
certain cash flow and internal rate of return targets, and satisfy certain other criteria. The Company has agreed to offer
Nuveen the opportunity to have the joint venture acquire any manufactured housing community or recreational vehicle community that
meets these investment guidelines. If Nuveen determines not to pursue or approve any such acquisition, the Company would
be permitted to acquire the property outside the joint venture. Nuveen provided the Company with written waivers of the
exclusivity provision of the LLC Agreement with regard to two property acquisitions that may have fit the investment
guidelines of the joint venture, which permitted the Company to acquire them outside of the Nuveen joint venture. Except for
investment opportunities that are offered to and declined by Nuveen, the Company is prohibited from developing, owning, operating or
managing manufactured housing communities or recreational vehicle communities within a 10-mile radius of any community owned by the
joint venture. However, this restriction does not apply with respect to investments by the Company in existing communities
operated by the Company. 

The
Company and Nuveen are continuing to seek opportunities to acquire additional manufactured housing and/or recreational vehicle communities
that are under development and/or newly developed and meet certain other investment guidelines. The Company and Nuveen have informally
agreed that any future acquisitions would be made by one or more new joint venture entities to be formed for that purpose and that the
existing joint venture entity formed in December 2021 will not consummate additional acquisitions but will maintain its existing property
portfolio, consisting of the Sebring Square and Rum Runner communities. While the terms and conditions of such new joint venture entities
have not been fully negotiated, it is expected that invested capital would continue to be funded 60 by Nuveen and 40 by the Company
on a parity basis and that other terms would be similar to those of the existing joint venture, except that the amounts of the parties 
respective capital commitments will be determined on a property-by-property basis. References in this Annual Report to the Company s
joint venture with Nuveen are intended to refer to our ongoing relationship with Nuveen. For additional information about the Company s
joint venture with Nuveen Real Estate, see Note 5, Investment in Joint Venture, of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 

Opportunity
Zone Fund 

In July 2022, the Company invested 8.0 million, representing a portion
of the capital gain the Company recognized as a result of the MREIC merger, in our qualified opportunity zone fund, UMH OZ Fund, LLC OZ
Fund ), a new entity formed by the Company. (For additional information about the MREIC merger, see Note 4, Marketable Securities, 
of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements.) The OZ Fund was created to acquire, develop and redevelop manufactured housing communities
requiring substantial capital investment and located in areas designated as Qualified Opportunity Zones by the Treasury Department pursuant
to a program authorized under the 2017 Tax Cuts and Jobs Act to encourage long-term investment in economically distressed areas.
The OZ Fund was designed to allow the Company and other investors in the OZ Fund to defer the tax on recently realized capital gains reinvested
in the OZ Fund until December 31, 2026 and to potentially obtain certain other tax benefits. UMH manages the OZ Fund and will receive
certain management fees as well as a 15 carried interest in distributions by the OZ Fund to the other investors (subject to first returning
investor capital with a 5 preferred return). UMH will have a right of first offer to purchase the communities from the OZ Fund at the
time of sale at their then-current appraised value. On August 10, 2022, the Company, through the OZ Fund, acquired Garden View, located
in Orangeburg, South Carolina, for approximately 5.2 million. On January 19, 2023, the Company acquired Mighty Oak, located in Albany,
Georgia, through the OZ Fund, for approximately 3.7 million. For additional information about the Company s opportunity zone fund,
see Note 6, Opportunity Zone Fund, of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 

- 36 - 

Item
3 Legal Proceedings 

The
Company is subject to claims and litigation in the ordinary course of business. For additional information about legal proceedings, see
Part IV, Item 15(a)(1)(vi), Note 14, Commitments, Contingencies and Legal Matters of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 

Item
4 Mine Safety Disclosures 

Not
Applicable. 

PART
II 

Item
5 Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity
Securities 

Market
Information 

The
Company s Common Stock and its Series D Preferred Stock are traded on the New York Stock Exchange NYSE ), under the
symbols UMH and UMHPRD , respectively. Effective February 9, 2022, the Company s Common Stock also began
trading on the Tel Aviv Stock Exchange. 

Shareholder
Information 

As
of February 17, 2023, there were 1,264 registered shareholders of the Company s Common Stock based on the number of record owners.
Because many shares of the Company s Common Stock are held by brokers and other institutions on behalf of their clients, we believe
there are considerably more beneficial holders of our Common Stock than record holders. 

Dividends 

During
the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company paid quarterly cash dividends to holders of its Common Stock of 0.20 per share. On January
11, 2023, the Company s Board of Directors approved an increase in the quarterly cash dividend to 0.205 per share, representing
an annualized dividend rate of 0.82 per share. The increase will be effective commencing with the payment to be made on March 15, 2023
to shareholders of record as of the close of business on February 15, 2023. 

In
order to maintain our qualification as a REIT, we are required, among other things, to distribute annually at least 90 of our REIT taxable
income, determined without regard to the dividends paid deduction and any net capital gain. In addition, we intend to distribute all
or substantially all of our net income so that we will generally not be subject to U.S. federal income tax on our earnings. 

In
general, our Board of Directors makes decisions regarding payment of dividends on a quarterly basis. The Board considers many factors
when making these decisions, including our present and future liquidity needs, our current and projected financial condition and results
of operations. See Item 1A. Risk Factors in this Form 10-K for a description of factors that may affect our ability to pay dividends. 

Recent
Sales of Unregistered Equity Securities 

None. 

Issuer
Purchases of Equity Securities 

On
January 12, 2022, the Board of Directors reaffirmed our Common Stock Repurchase Program (the Repurchase Program that authorized
us to repurchase up to 25 million in the aggregate of the Company s Common Stock. Purchases under the Repurchase Program were
permitted to be made using a variety of methods, which may include open market purchases, privately negotiated transactions or block
trades, or by any combination of such methods, in accordance with applicable insider trading and other securities laws and regulations.
The size, scope and timing of any purchases would be based on business, market and other conditions and factors, including price, regulatory
and contractual requirements or consents, and capital availability. The Repurchase Program did not require the Company to acquire any
particular amount of Common Stock and may be suspended, modified or discontinued at any time at the Company s discretion without
prior notice. Although the Repurchase Program remains in effect, since January 1, 2022, the Company has not repurchased any shares of its Common
Stock. 

- 37 - 

Comparative
Stock Performance 

The
following line graph compares the total return of the Company s Common Stock for the last five years to the FTSE NAREIT All REITs
Index published by the National Association of Real Estate Investment Trusts NAREIT and to the S P 500 Index for
the same period. The graph assumes a 100 investment in our Common Stock and in each of the indexes listed below on December 31, 2017
and the reinvestment of all dividends. The total return reflects stock price appreciation and dividend reinvestment for all three comparative
indices. The information herein has been obtained from sources believed to be reliable, but neither its accuracy nor its completeness
is guaranteed. Our stock performance shown in the graph below is not necessarily indicative of future stock performance. 

- 38 - 

Item
6 Reserved 

Not
applicable. 

Item
7 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 

2022
Accomplishments 

During
2022, UMH made substantial progress on multiple fronts generating solid operating results, achieving strong growth and improving
our financial position. We have: 

Increased
 Rental and Related Income by 7 ; 

Increased
 Community Net Operating Income NOI by 4 ; 

Increased
 our rental home portfolio by 392 homes from year end 2021 to approximately 9,100 total rental homes, representing an increase of 5 
 from yearend 2021; 

Acquired
 seven communities containing 1,486 homesites for a total cost of 86.2 million; 

Issued
 102.7 million of 4.72 Series A Bonds due 2027 in an offering to investors in Israel, for total proceeds of 98.7 million, net of
 offering expenses; 

Completed
 the addition of approximately 1,100 homes to our Fannie Mae credit facility, for total proceeds of approximately 25.6 million; 

Financed
 four communities and approximately 250 rental homes within those communities for total proceeds of approximately 34.2 million; 

Issued
 and sold approximately 5.0 million shares of Common Stock through an At-the-Market Sale Program at a weighted
 average price of 20.58 per share, generating gross proceeds of 102.6 million and net proceeds of 100.8 million, after offering
 expenses; 

Issued
 and sold approximately 406,000 shares of Series D Preferred Stock through an At-the-Market Sale Program at a
 weighted average price of 22.90 per share, generating gross proceeds of 9.3 million and net proceeds of 9.1 million, after
 offering expenses; 

Redeemed
 all 9.9 million issued and outstanding shares of our 6.75 Series C Preferred Stock for 247.1 million; 

Invested
 8.0 million in the UMH qualified opportunity zone fund to acquire, develop and redevelop manufactured housing communities located
 in Qualified Opportunity Zones; 

Entered
 into a Second Amended and Restated Credit Agreement to expand available borrowings from 75 million to 100 million with a 400 million
 accordion feature, subject to certain conditions, and to extend the maturity date to November 7, 2026, with a one-year extension
 available at our option; and subsequent to year end, further expanded this line from 100 million to 180 million; 

Subsequent
 to year end, acquired our first community in Georgia, containing 118 developed homesites, for a total cost of 3.7 million through
 our qualified opportunity zone fund; 

Subsequent
 to year end, issued and sold approximately 1.9 million shares of Common Stock through an At-the-Market Sale Program at a weighted average price of 16.99 per share, generating gross proceeds of 32.7 million and net proceeds of 32.2 million,
 after offering expenses; and 

Subsequent
 to year end, issued and sold approximately 640,000 shares of Series D Preferred Stock through an At-the-Market Sale Program at a weighted average price of 22.77 per share, generating gross proceeds of 14.6 million and net proceeds of 14.4
 million, after offering expenses. 

Refer
to the discussion below in this Item 7, Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition, Results of Operations, and
Non-GAAP Measures, contained in this Form 10-K for information regarding the presentation of community NOI, and for the presentation
and reconciliation of funds from operations and normalized funds from operations to net income (loss) attributable to common shareholders. 

Overview 

The
following discussion and analysis of the consolidated financial condition and results of operations should be read in conjunction with
the historical Consolidated Financial Statements and Notes thereto included elsewhere in this Form 10-K. 

- 39 - 

The
Company is a Maryland corporation that operates as a self-administered, self-managed REIT with headquarters in Freehold, New Jersey.
The Company s primary business is the ownership and operation of manufactured home communities, which includes leasing manufactured
home spaces on an annual or month-to-month basis to residents. The Company also leases manufactured homes to residents and, through its
wholly-owned taxable REIT subsidiary, S F, sells and finances the sale of manufactured homes to residents and prospective residents
of our communities and for placement on customers privately-owned land. 

As
of December 31, 2022, we owned and operated 134 manufactured home communities (including one community acquired through the opportunity
zone fund) containing approximately 25,600 developed homesites. These communities are located in New Jersey, New York, Ohio, Pennsylvania,
Tennessee, Indiana, Michigan, Maryland, Alabama and South Carolina. UMH has continued to execute our growth strategy of purchasing well-located
communities in our target markets, including the energy-rich Marcellus and Utica Shale regions. During the year ended December 31, 2022,
we purchased seven communities located in Alabama, Michigan, New Jersey, Ohio, Pennsylvania and South Carolina, for an aggregate purchase
price of 86.2 million. These acquisitions added approximately 1,486 developed homesites to our portfolio. Since January 1, 2023, we have acquired one additional community, located
in Georgia and containing 118 developed homesites, through our opportunity zone fund. The Company also operates
two communities in Florida owned by the Company s joint venture with Nuveen that was formed in December 2021. 

The
Company earns income from the operation of its manufactured home communities, leasing of manufactured homesites, the rental of manufactured
homes, the sale and finance of manufactured homes and the brokering of home sales and revenue under cable service agreements as well
as from appreciation in the values of the manufactured home communities and vacant land owned by the Company. In addition, the Company
receives property management and other fees from its joint venture with Nuveen and from its opportunity zone fund. Management
views the Company as a single segment based on its method of internal reporting in addition to its allocation of capital and resources.
The Company also invests in equity securities of other REITs which the Company generally limits to no more than approximately 15 of
its undepreciated assets. As of December 31, 2022, the securities portfolio represented 2.5 of undepreciated assets. 

Occupancy
in our properties, as well as our ability to increase rental rates, directly affects revenues. In 2022, total income increased 5 from
the prior year due to the acquisition and rental programs, rent increases and the growth of our sales business. Community NOI (as defined
below) increased 4 from the prior year. Overall occupancy was 84.6 and 86.0 at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Overall occupancy
includes communities acquired in 2022 with an average occupancy of 66 . Same property occupancy, which includes communities owned and
operated as of January 1, 2021, was 86.6 and 86.8 as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. (Unless expressly indicated, information
in this report with respect to the Company s properties, including financial and operating results for the year ended December
31, 2022, does not include the properties owned by the Company s joint venture with Nuveen.) 

Demand
for quality affordable housing remains healthy. Conventional single-family home prices continue their rise supported by low inventories
and increasing sales. As for-sale inventory remains limited, a large share of housing demand will be looking at alternative forms of
housing. Our property type offers substantial comparative value that should result in increased demand. 

The
macro-economic environment and current housing fundamentals continue to favor home rentals. Rental homes in a manufactured home community
allow the resident to obtain the efficiencies of factory-built housing and the amenities of community living for less than the cost of
other forms of affordable housing. We continue to see strong demand for rental homes. During 2022, our portfolio of rental homes increased
by 392 homes. Occupied rental homes represent approximately 39.2 of total occupied sites. Occupancy in rental homes continues to be
strong and is at 93.3 as of December 31, 2022. We compare favorably with other types of rental housing, including apartments, and we
will continue to allocate capital to rental home purchases, as demand dictates. 

The
Company holds a portfolio of marketable equity securities of other REITs with a fair value of 42.2 million as of December 31, 2022, representing
2.5 of our undepreciated assets (total assets excluding accumulated depreciation). The REIT securities portfolio provides the Company
with additional diversification, liquidity and income, and serves as a proxy for real estate when more favorable risk adjusted returns
are not available. As of December 31, 2022, 2 of the Company s portfolio consisted of REIT preferred stocks and 98 consisted
of REIT common stocks. 

- 40 - 

The
Company invests in these REIT securities and, from time to time, may use margin debt when an adequate yield spread can be obtained. The
Company s weighted average yield on the securities portfolio was approximately 7.1 at December 31, 2022. At December 31, 2022,
the Company had unrealized losses of 36.1 million in its REIT securities portfolio. During 2022, the Company sold positions in securities,
generating a net realized gain of 6.4 million. 

The
Company continues to strengthen its balance sheet. During the year ended December 31, 2022, through an At-the-Market Sale Program
for our Common Stock that was established in March 2022 (the 2022 Common ATM Program and a prior At-the-Market Sale
Program established in 2021, the Company issued and sold a total of 5.0 million shares of our Common Stock, generating gross proceeds of 102.6 million
and net proceeds of 100.8 million, after offering expenses. Additionally, the Company raised approximately 7.8 million in new
capital through the Dividend Reinvestment and Stock Purchase Plan DRIP ). 

During
the year ended December 31, 2022, through an At-the-Market Sale Program for our Preferred Stock originally established in 2020 (the
 2020 Preferred ATM Program ), the Company issued and sold a total of approximately 406,000 shares of our Series D Preferred
Stock, generating gross proceeds of 9.3 million and net proceeds of 9.1 million, after offering expenses. 

During
the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company also issued 102.7 million of its new 4.72 Series A Bonds due 2027 in an offering to investors
in Israel and received 98.7 million in net proceeds, after offering expenses. 

The
Company believes that its capital structure, which allows for the ownership of assets using a balanced combination of equity obtained
through the issuance of common and preferred stock and debt, will enhance shareholder returns as the properties appreciate over time. 

On
December 31, 2022, the Company had approximately 29.8 million in cash and cash equivalents and 25 million available on our credit facility,
with an additional 400 million potentially available pursuant to an accordion feature. We also had 19.4 million available on our revolving
lines of credit for the financing of home sales and the purchase of inventory and 14.9 million available on our line of credit secured
by rental homes and rental homes leases. 

The
Company intends to continue to increase its real estate investments. Our business plan includes acquiring communities that over time
are expected to yield in excess of our cost of funds and then making physical improvements, including adding rental homes onto otherwise
vacant sites. In 2021 and 2022, we added a total of ten manufactured home communities to our portfolio, encompassing approximately 2,029
developed sites. These manufactured home communities were acquired with an average occupancy rate of 64 . The Company will utilize the
rental home program to seek to increase occupancy rates and improve operating results at these communities. As part of this plan, we
intend to seek opportunities, through our opportunity zone fund, to acquire communities that require substantial capital investment and
are located in Qualified Opportunity Zones. In addition, on behalf of our recently-formed joint venture with Nuveen Real Estate, we will
seek opportunities to acquire manufactured home communities that are under development and/or newly developed and meet certain other
investment guidelines. There is no guarantee that acquisition opportunities will continue to materialize or that the Company will be
able to take advantage of such opportunities. The growth of our real estate portfolio and success of the joint venture depends on the
availability of suitable properties which meet the Company s investment criteria and appropriate financing. Competition in the
market areas in which the Company operates is significant and affects acquisitions, occupancy levels, rental rates and operating expenses
of certain properties. 

See
PART I, Item 1- Business and Item 1A Risk Factors for a more complete discussion of the economic and industry-wide factors relevant
to the Company, the Company s lines of business and principal products and services, and the opportunities, challenges and risks
on which the Company is focused. 

- 41 - 

Acquisitions
in 2022 and 2021 

The
following table lists the property acquisitions completed by the Company during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021: 

Community 
 Date of Acquisition 
 State 
 Number of Sites 
 Purchase Price in thousands 
 Number of Acres 
 Occupancy at Acquisition 

Acquisitions in 2022 

Center Manor 
 March 31, 2022 
 PA 
 96 
 5,800 
 18 
 83 
 
 Mandell Trails 
 May 3, 2022 
 PA 
 132 
 7,375 
 69 
 70 
 
 La Vista Estates 
 May 25, 2022 
 AL 
 139 
 3,878 
 36 
 6 
 
 Hidden Creek 
 July 14, 2022 
 MI 
 351 
 22,000 
 88 
 63 
 
 Garden View 
 August 10, 2022 
 SC 
 187 
 5,200 
 39 
 42 
 
 Fohl Village 
 November 22, 2022 
 OH 
 321 
 19,070 
 170 
 77 
 
 Oak Tree 
 December 15, 2022 
 NJ 
 260 
 22,900 
 41 
 98 

Total 2022 

1,486 
 86,223 
 461 
 66 

Acquisitions in 2021 

Deer Run 
 January 8, 2021 
 AL 
 195 
 4,555 
 33 
 37 
 
 Iris Winds 
 January 21, 2021 
 SC 
 142 
 3,445 
 24 
 49 
 
 Bayshore Estates 
 June 1, 2021 
 OH 
 206 
 10,300 
 56 
 86 

Total 2021 

543 
 18,300 
 113 
 59 

In
addition to the acquisitions shown above, in November 2022, we acquired vacant land in Honeybrook, Pennsylvania (near two of our
existing communities) with approvals for the future development of a manufactured home community containing approximately 113
sites. 

In
addition, on December 22, 2021, the Company s joint venture with Nuveen closed on the acquisition of Sebring Square, a newly developed
all-age, manufactured home community located in Sebring, Florida, for a total purchase price of 22.2 million. This community contains
219 developed homesites situated on approximately 39 acres. On December 23, 2022, the joint venture closed on the acquisition of Rum
Runner, a newly developed all-age, manufactured home community also located in Sebring, Florida, for a total purchase price of 15.1
million. This community contains 144 developed homesites situated on approximately 20 acres. 

Results
of Operations 

2022
vs. 2021 

Rental
and related income increased from 159.0 million for the year ended December 31, 2021 to 170.4 million for the year ended December 31,
2022, or 7 . This increase was due to the acquisitions during 2021 and 2022, as well as an increase in rental rates and additional rental
homes. During 2022, the Company raised rental rates by 4 to 5 at most communities. Rent increases vary depending on overall market
conditions and demand. Occupancy, as well as the ability to increase rental rates, directly affects revenues. The Company has been acquiring
communities with vacant sites that can potentially be occupied and earn income in the future. Overall occupancy was 84.6 and 86.0 at
December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Overall occupancy includes communities acquired in 2022 and 2021, which had an average occupancy
of 66 and 59 , respectively, at the time of acquisition. Demand for rental homes continues to be strong. As of December 31, 2022, we
had approximately 9,100 rental homes with an occupancy rate of 93.3 . We continue to evaluate the demand for rental homes and will invest
in additional homes as demand dictates. 

Community
operating expenses increased from 68.0 million for the year ended December 31, 2021 to 75.7 million for the year ended December 31,
2022, or 11 . This increase was primarily due to new acquisitions, and increases in waste removal, tree removal, water and sewer, insurance,
real estate taxes, travel and payroll and personnel costs. 

- 42 - 

Community
NOI increased from 91.0 million for the year ended December 31, 2021 to 94.8 million for the year ended December 31, 2022, or 4 .
This increase was primarily due to the acquisitions during 2021 and 2022 and an increase in rental rates and rental homes. The
operating expense ratio (defined as community operating expenses divided by rental and related income) was 42.8 in 2021 compared to
44.4 for 2022. Many recently acquired communities have deferred maintenance requiring higher than normal expenditures in the first
few years of ownership. In addition, expansions of our communities may require investments in infrastructure before we can generate
revenue from additional sites. Because most of the community expenses consist of fixed costs, as occupancy rates increase, these
expense ratios are expected to continue to improve. Since the Company has the ability to increase its rental rates annually (subject to limitations on rent increases in certain jurisdictions),
increasing costs due to inflation and changing prices have generally not had a material effect on revenues and income from
continuing operations. 

Sales
of manufactured homes decreased from 27.1 million for the year ended December 31, 2021 to 25.3 million for the year ended December
31, 2022, or 6 . The total number of homes sold in 2022 was 301 homes as compared to 370 homes in 2021. There were 144 new
homes sold in 2022 as compared to 182 in 2021. The Company s average sales price was approximately 84,000 and 73,000 for the
years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Cost of sales of manufactured homes decreased from 20.1 million for the year
ended December 31, 2021 to 17.6 million for the year ended December 31, 2022, or 13 . The gross profit percentage was 31 and 26 
for 2022 and 2021, respectively. Selling expenses increased from 4.8 million for the year ended December 31, 2021 to 5.3 million
for the year ended December 31, 2022, or 10 . Gain from the sales operations (defined as sales of manufactured homes less cost of
sales of manufactured homes less selling expenses less interest on the financing of inventory) amounted to a gain of 2.0 million
for the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Many of the costs associated with sales, such as rent, salaries, and to
an extent, advertising and promotion, are fixed. Home prices have continued their rise as fewer sellers are listing homes and
inventories decline. With the passage of time, the inherent relative affordability of our property type becomes more and more
apparent, which should result in increased demand. The Company continues to be optimistic about future sales and rental prospects
given the fundamental need for affordable housing. The Company believes that sales of new homes produce new revenue and represent an
investment in the upgrading of our communities. 

General
and administrative expenses increased from 14.1 million for the year ended December 31, 2021 to 19.0 million for the year ended
December 31, 2022, or 35 . These increases were mainly due to non-recurring expenses relating to the cost of previously issued
special restricted stock grants for the groundbreaking Fannie Mae financing completed in 2020, expenses for the joint venture with
Nuveen, the opportunity zone fund, the issuance of the Series A Bonds, early extinguishment of debt and other legal expenses. These
non-recurring expenses totaled 3.5 million for the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to 2.0 million for the year ended
December 31, 2021. General and administrative expenses also increased due to an increase in personnel costs, stock-based
compensation and travel. General and administrative expenses, excluding non-recurring expenses, as a percentage of gross revenue
(total income plus interest, dividend and other income) was 7.6 and 6.2 at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

Depreciation
expense increased from 45.1 million for the year ended December 31, 2021 to 48.8 million for the year ended December 31, 2022, or 8 .
This increase was primarily due to the acquisitions and the increase in rental homes during 2022 and 2021. 

Interest
income increased from 3.4 million for the year ended December 31, 2021 to 4.1 million for the year ended December 31, 2022, or 22 .
This increase was primarily due to an increase in the average balance of notes receivable from 48.6 million for the year ended December
31, 2021 to 58.6 million for the year ended December 31, 2022. 

Dividend
income decreased from 5.1 million for the year ended December 31, 2021 to 2.9 million for the year ended December 31, 2022, or 43 .
This decrease was primarily due to reduced dividends from the reduction of our securities holdings. Dividends received from our marketable
securities investments were at a weighted average yield of approximately 7.1 and 4.4 as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

The
Company recognized a net gain on sales of marketable securities of 6.4 million for the year ended December 31, 2022, mainly as a result
of the cash consideration received in the MREIC merger, partially offset by a loss on sale of other marketable securities. The Company
recognized a gain on sales of marketable securities of 2.3 million for the year ended December 31, 2021. Increase (decrease) in fair
value of marketable securities decreased from an increase of 25.1 million for the year ended December 31, 2021 to a decrease of 21.8
million for the year ended December 31, 2022. As of December 31, 2022, the Company had total net unrealized losses of 36.1 million in
its REIT securities portfolio. 

- 43 - 

Interest
expense, including amortization of financing costs, increased from 19.2 million for the year ended December 31, 2021 to 26.4 million
for the year ended December 31, 2022, or 38 . This increase was mainly due to interest on the Series A Bonds, an increase in loans payable
and an increase in interest rates. 

2021
vs. 2020 

Rental
and related income increased from 143.3 million for the year ended December 31, 2020 to 159.0 million for the year ended December 31,
2021, or 11 . This increase was due to the acquisitions during 2020 and 2021, as well as an increase in rental rates, same property occupancy
and additional rental homes. During 2021, the Company raised rental rates by 3 to 4 at most communities. Rent increases vary depending
on overall market conditions and demand. Occupancy, as well as the ability to increase rental rates, directly affects revenues. The Company
has been acquiring communities with vacant sites that can potentially be occupied and earn income in the future. Overall occupancy was
86.0 and 85.0 at December 31, 2021 and 2020, respectively. Overall occupancy includes communities acquired in 2021 and 2020, which
had an average occupancy of 59 and 64 , respectively, at the time of acquisition. Same property occupancy has increased from 85.4 at
December 31, 2020 to 87.1 at December 31, 2021. (The same property occupancy rate is exclusive of the sites at Memphis Blues, which
is under redevelopment due to a flood in 2011.) Demand for rental homes continues to be strong. As of December 31, 2021, we had approximately
8,700 rental homes with an occupancy rate of 95.5 . We continue to evaluate the demand for rental homes and will invest in additional
homes as demand dictates. 

Community
operating expenses increased from 63.2 million for the year ended December 31, 2020 to 68.0 million for the year ended December 31,
2021, or 8 . This increase was primarily due to new acquisitions, and increases in snow removal costs, tree removal, water and sewer,
real estate taxes and payroll and personnel costs. 

Community
NOI increased from 80.2 million for the year ended December 31, 2020 to 91.0 million for the year ended December 31, 2021, or 13 .
This increase was primarily due to the acquisitions during 2020 and 2021 and an increase in rental rates, occupancy and rental homes.
The operating expense ratio (defined as community operating expenses divided by rental and related income) improved from 44.1 in 2020
to 42.8 for 2021. Many recently acquired communities have deferred maintenance requiring higher than normal expenditures in the first
few years of ownership. In addition, expansions of our communities may require investments in infrastructure before we can generate revenue
from additional sites. Because most of the community expenses consist of fixed costs, as occupancy rates increase, these expense ratios
are expected to continue to improve. Since the Company has the ability to increase its rental rates annually, increasing costs due to
inflation and changing prices have generally not had a material effect on revenues and income from continuing operations. 

Sales
of manufactured homes increased from 20.3 million for the year ended December 31, 2020 to 27.1 million for the year ended December
31, 2021, or 34 . The total number of homes sold was 370 homes in 2021 as compared to 323 homes in 2020. There were 182 new homes sold
in 2021 as compared to 140 in 2020. The Company s average sales price was approximately 73,000 and 63,000 for the years ended
December 31, 2021 and 2020, respectively. Cost of sales of manufactured homes increased from 14.4 million for the year ended December
31, 2020 to 20.1 million for the year ended December 31, 2021, or 39 . The gross profit percentage was 26 and 29 for 2021 and 2020,
respectively. Selling expenses decreased from 4.9 million for the year ended December 31, 2020 to 4.8 million for the year ended December
31, 2021, or 3 . Gain from the sales operations (defined as sales of manufactured homes less cost of sales of manufactured homes less
selling expenses less interest on the financing of inventory) increased from a gain of 768,000 for the year ended December 31, 2020
to a gain of 2.0 million for the year ended December 31, 2021. Many of the costs associated with sales, such as rent, salaries, and
to an extent, advertising and promotion, are fixed. The National Association of Realtors reported that in December 2021, sales of existing
homes grew 9 from December 2020. Home prices have continued their rise as fewer sellers are listing homes and inventories decline. With
the passage of time, the inherent relative affordability of our property type becomes more and more apparent, which should result in
increased demand. 

- 44 - 

General
and administrative expenses increased from 11.1 million for the year ended December 31, 2020 to 14.1 million for the year ended December
31, 2021, or 27 . These increases were due to an increase in personnel costs, including an increase in the bonus accrual based on FFO
metrics and an increase in stock-based compensation, including special restricted stock grants for the 2020 groundbreaking Fannie Mae
financing. General and administrative expenses, excluding non-recurring expenses, as a percentage of gross revenue (total income plus
interest, dividend and other income) was 6.2 and 6.4 at December 31, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 

Depreciation
expense increased from 41.7 million for the year ended December 31, 2020 to 45.1 million for the year ended December 31, 2021, or 8 .
This increase was primarily due to the acquisitions and the increase in rental homes during 2021 and 2020. 

Interest
income increased from 2.9 million for the year ended December 31, 2020 to 3.4 million for the year ended December 31, 2021, or 15 .
This increase was primarily due to an increase in the average balance of notes receivable from 40.4 million for the year ended December
31, 2020 to 48.6 million for the year ended December 31, 2021. 

Dividend
income decreased from 5.7 million for the year ended December 31, 2020 to 5.1 million for the year ended December 31, 2021, or
11 . This decrease was primarily due to reduced dividends from our securities holdings. Dividends received from our marketable
securities investments were at a weighted average yield of approximately 4.4 and 4.7 as of December 31, 2021 and 2020,
respectively. 

Gain
on sales of marketable securities amounted to 2.3 million for the year ended December 31, 2021. Increase (decrease) in fair value of
marketable securities increased from an unrealized loss of 14.1 million for the year ended December 31, 2020 to an unrealized gain of
 25.1 million for the year ended December 31, 2021. As of December 31, 2021, the Company had total net unrealized losses of 14.3 million
in its REIT securities portfolio. 

Interest
expense, including amortization of financing costs, increased from 18.3 million for the year ended December 31, 2020 to 19.2 million
for the year ended December 31, 2021, or 5 . The average balance of mortgages payable was approximately 462.0 million during 2021 as
compared to approximately 421.5 million during 2020. The weighted average interest rate on mortgages, not including the effect of unamortized
debt issuance costs, was 3.8 at both December 31, 2021 and 2020. 

Non-GAAP
Measures 

In
addition to the results reported in accordance with GAAP, management s discussion and analysis of financial condition and results
of operations include certain non-GAAP financial measures that in management s view of the business we believe are meaningful as
they allow the investor the ability to understand key operating details of our business both with and without regard to certain accounting
conventions or items that may not always be indicative of recurring annual cash flow of the portfolio. These non-GAAP financial measures
as determined and presented by us may not be comparable to related or similarly titled measures reported by other companies, and include
Community Net Operating Income Community NOI ), Funds from Operations Attributable to Common Shareholders FFO and Normalized Funds from Operations Attributable to Common Shareholders Normalized FFO ). 

We
define Community NOI as rental and related income less community operating expenses such as real estate taxes, repairs and maintenance,
community salaries, utilities, insurance and other expenses. We believe that Community NOI is helpful to investors and analysts as a
direct measure of the actual operating results of our manufactured home communities, rather than our Company overall. Community NOI should
not be considered a substitute for the reported results prepared in accordance with GAAP. Community NOI should not be considered as an
alternative to net income (loss) as an indicator of our financial performance, or to cash flows as a measure of liquidity; nor is it
indicative of funds available for our cash needs, including our ability to make cash distributions. 

- 45 - 

The
Company s Community NOI is calculated as follows (in thousands) : 

2022 
 2021 
 2020 

Rental and Related Income 
 170,434 
 159,034 
 143,344 
 
 Community Operating Expenses 
 (75,660 
 (68,046 
 (63,175 

Community NOI 
 94,774 
 90,988 
 80,169 

We
assess and measure our overall operating results based upon FFO, an industry performance measure which management believes is a
useful indicator of our operating performance. FFO is used by industry analysts and investors as a supplemental operating
performance measure of a REIT. FFO, as defined by NAREIT, represents net income (loss) attributable to common shareholders, as
defined by accounting principles generally accepted in the U.S. U.S. GAAP ), excluding extraordinary items, as defined
under U.S. GAAP, gains or losses from sales of previously depreciated real estate assets, impairment charges related to depreciable
real estate assets, the change in the fair value of marketable securities, and the gain or loss on the sale of marketable securities
plus certain non-cash items such as real estate asset depreciation and amortization. Included in the NAREIT FFO White Paper - 2018
Restatement, is an option pertaining to assets incidental to our main business in the calculation of NAREIT FFO to make an election
to include or exclude gains and losses on the sale of these assets, such as marketable equity securities, and include or exclude
mark-to-market changes in the value recognized on these marketable equity securities. In conjunction with the adoption of the FFO
White Paper - 2018 Restatement, for all periods presented, we have elected to exclude the change in the fair value of marketable
securities from our FFO calculation. NAREIT created FFO as a non-U.S. GAAP supplemental measure of REIT operating performance. We
define Normalized Funds from Operations Attributable to Common Shareholders Normalized FFO ), as FFO, excluding certain one-time charges. FFO and Normalized FFO should be considered
as supplemental measures of operating performance used by REITs. FFO and Normalized FFO exclude historical cost depreciation as an
expense and may facilitate the comparison of REITs which have a different cost basis. However, other REITs may use different
methodologies to calculate FFO and Normalized FFO and, accordingly, our FFO and Normalized FFO may not be comparable to all other
REITs. The items excluded from FFO and Normalized FFO are significant components in understanding the Company s financial
performance. 

FFO
and Normalized FFO (i) do not represent Cash Flow from Operations as defined by GAAP; (ii) should not be considered as an alternative
to net income (loss) as a measure of operating performance or to cash flows from operating, investing and financing activities; and (iii)
are not alternatives to cash flow as a measure of liquidity. FFO and Normalized FFO, as calculated by the Company, may not be comparable
to similarly titled measures reported by other REITs. 

The
Company s FFO and Normalized FFO attributable to common shareholders are calculated as follows (in thousands except footnotes) : 

2022 
 2021 
 2020 

Net Income (Loss) Attributable to Common Shareholders 
 (36,265 
 21,249 
 (29,759 
 
 Depreciation Expense 
 48,769 
 45,124 
 41,707 
 
 Depreciation Expense from Unconsolidated Joint Venture 
 371 
 -0- 
 -0- 
 
 Loss on Sales of Investment Property and Equipment 
 169 
 170 
 216 
 
 (Increase) Decrease in Fair Value of Marketable Securities 
 21,839 
 (25,052 
 14,119 
 
 Gain on Sales of Marketable Securities, net 
 (6,394 
 (2,342 
 -0- 
 
 FFO Attributable to Common Shareholders 
 28,489 
 39,149 
 26,283 

Adjustments: 

Redemption of Preferred Stock (1) 
 12,916 
 -0- 
 2,871 
 
 Amortization (2) 
 1,956 
 -0- 
 -0- 
 
 Non-Recurring Other Expense (3) 
 3,479 
 1,995 
 -0- 
 
 Normalized FFO Attributable to Common Shareholders 
 46,840 
 41,144 
 29,154 

(1) 
 Primarily consists of redemption charges related to the original issuance costs 8,190 and 2,871 in 2022 and 2020, respectively)
and the carrying costs of excess cash 4,726) in 2022 from the beginning of the year through the redemption date. 

(2) 
 Due to the change in sources of capital, this non-cash expense is expected to become more significant and is therefore included as an adjustment to Normalized FFO for the year ended December 31, 2022. Had a similar adjustment been made in prior years, Normalized FFO Attributable to Common Shareholders would have been 42,145 and 30,181 for the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 

(3) 
 Consists of special bonus
 and restricted stock grants for the August 2020 groundbreaking Fannie Mae financing, which are being expensed over the vesting
 period 1,724) and non-recurring expenses for the joint venture with Nuveen 264), early extinguishment of debt 320), one-time
 legal fees 197), fees related to the establishment of the OZ Fund 954), and costs associated with acquisition not completed
 20) in 2022. Consists of special bonus and restricted stock grants for the August 2020
 groundbreaking Fannie Mae financing, which are being expensed over the vesting period 1,824) and non-recurring expenses for the
 joint venture 171) in 2021. 

- 46 - 

Liquidity
and Capital Resources 

The Company operates as a REIT deriving its income primarily from real
estate rental operations. The Company s principal liquidity demands have historically been, and are expected to continue to be,
distributions to the Company s shareholders, acquisitions, capital improvements, development and expansions of properties, debt
service, purchases of manufactured home inventory and rental homes, financing of manufactured home sales and payments of expenses relating
to real estate operations. The Company s ability to generate cash adequate to meet these demands is dependent primarily on income
from its real estate investments and marketable securities portfolio, the sale of real estate investments and marketable securities, refinancing
of mortgage debt, leveraging of real estate investments, availability of bank borrowings or lines of credit, proceeds from the DRIP and
access to the capital markets. In addition to cash generated through operations, the Company uses a variety of sources to fund its cash
needs, including acquisitions. Specifically, the Company may sell marketable securities from its investment portfolio, borrow on its unsecured
credit facility or lines of credit, finance and refinance its properties, and/or raise capital through the DRIP and capital markets. In
order to provide financial flexibility to opportunistically access the capital markets, the Company implemented its 2022 Common ATM Program.
The 2022 Common ATM Program allows the Company to offer and sell shares of the Company s Common Stock, having an aggregate sales
price of up to 150 million from time to time through the Distribution Agents. During 2022, the Company also maintained its 2020 Preferred
ATM Program which allowed the Company to offer and sell shares of the Company s Series D Preferred Stock, having an aggregate sales
price of up to 100 million from time to time. All shares of Series D Preferred Stock available for sale under the 2020 Preferred ATM
Program have been sold and accordingly, subsequent to year end, the Company established a new 2023 Preferred ATM Program under which the
Company may sell additional shares of the Company s Series D Preferred Stock having an aggregate sales price of up to 100 million
from time to time. 

The
Company intends to continue to increase its real estate investments. Our business plan includes acquiring communities that over time
are expected to yield in excess of our cost of funds and then investing in physical improvements, including adding rental homes onto
otherwise vacant sites. As part of this plan, we intend to seek opportunities, through our opportunity zone fund, to acquire communities
that require substantial capital investment and are located in Qualified Opportunity Zones. In addition, on behalf of our joint venture
with Nuveen, we will seek opportunities to acquire manufactured home communities that are under development and/or newly
developed and meet certain other investment guidelines. There is no guarantee that any of these additional opportunities will materialize
or that the Company will be able to take advantage of such opportunities. The growth of our real estate portfolio and success of our
joint venture depends on the availability of suitable properties which meet the Company s investment criteria and appropriate financing.
Competition in the market areas in which the Company operates is significant. To the extent that funds or appropriate communities are
not available, fewer acquisitions will be made. 

The
Company continues to strengthen its capital and liquidity positions and maintains financial flexibility. During the year ended December
31, 2022, the Company issued and sold 5.0 million shares of Common Stock through our Common ATM Programs at a weighted average price
of 20.58 per share, generating gross proceeds of 102.6 million and net proceeds of 100.8 million, after offering expenses. 

- 47 - 

Through
our 2020 Preferred ATM Program, the Company issued and sold a total of 406,000 shares of our Series D Preferred Stock generating
gross proceeds of 9.3 million and net proceeds after offering expenses of 9.1 million during the year ended December 31,
2022. 

As
of December 31, 2022, 55.4 million of Common Stock remained available for sale under the 2022 Common ATM Program and 2.9 million
in shares of Series D Preferred Stock remained available for sale under the 2020 Preferred ATM Program. Subsequent to year end, the
Company issued and sold 1.9 million shares of Common Stock under the 2022 Common ATM Program for gross proceeds of 32.7 million.
Subsequent to year end, the Company issued and sold a total of 640,000 shares of Preferred Stock under the 2020 Preferred ATM
Program and the 2023 Preferred ATM Program for gross proceeds of 14.6 million. 

During
2022, the Company also issued 102.7 million of its new 4.72 Series A Bonds due in 2027 in an offering to investors in Israel and
received 98.7 million in net proceeds, after offering expenses. 

In
addition, the Company has a DRIP in which participants can purchase original issue shares of Common Stock from the Company at a price
of approximately 95 of market. During 2022, amounts received under the DRIP, including dividends reinvested of 2.8 million, totaled
 7.8 million. The Company issued a total of 430,000 shares under the DRIP during 2022. 

The
Company also has the ability to finance home sales, inventory purchases and rental home purchases. The Company has a 20 million revolving
line of credit for the financing of homes, of which 10 million was utilized at December 31, 2022, revolving credit facilities totaling
 73.5 million to finance inventory purchases, of which 64.1 million was utilized at December 31, 2022 and 14.9 million available on
our line of credit secured by rental homes and rental homes leases. 

As
of December 31, 2022, the Company had 29.8 million of cash and cash equivalents and marketable securities of 42.2 million. The Company
owned 134 communities (including one community acquired through the opportunity zone fund) of which 36 are unencumbered. The Company s
marketable securities and non-mortgaged properties provide us with additional liquidity. As of December 31, 2022, the Company also held
a 40 equity interest in its joint venture with Nuveen Real Estate, which owns two newly developed communities that are unencumbered. The Company believes that cash on hand, funds generated from operations, the DRIP and capital markets, the funds available
on the lines of credit, together with the ability to finance and refinance its properties will provide sufficient funds to adequately
meet its obligations over the next several years. 

The
Company s focus is on real estate investments. The Company has historically financed purchases of real estate primarily through
mortgages. During 2022, total investment property, including rental homes, increased 15 or 186.5 million. The Company made acquisitions
of seven manufactured home communities totaling 1,486 developed sites at an aggregate purchase price of 86.2 million. These acquisitions
were funded by the use of our unsecured credit facility, in addition to mortgages. See Note 3 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial
Statements for additional information on our acquisitions and Note 7 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for related debt
transactions. In addition, in December 2022, the Company s joint venture with Nuveen Real Estate acquired one newly-developed community
in Florida containing 144 developed homesites, for a total purchase price of 15.1 million, 40 of which was funded by the Company. The
Company continues to evaluate acquisition opportunities. The funds for these acquisitions (including the Company s 40 share of
acquisition costs that may be incurred by the joint venture with Nuveen Real Estate) may come from bank borrowings, proceeds from the
DRIP, and private placements or public offerings of debt, Common Stock or Preferred Stock, including under the Common ATM Program or the Preferred
ATM Program. To the extent that funds or appropriate properties are not available, fewer acquisitions will be made. 

The
Company owned approximately 9,100 rental homes, or approximately 36 of our total homesites as of December 31, 2022. During 2022, our
rental home portfolio increased by 392 homes or 39.4 million. The Company markets these rental homes for sale to existing residents.
The Company estimates that in 2023 it will order approximately 700-800 manufactured homes to use as rental units at its properties for
a total cost, including setup, of approximately 60 million. Rental home rates on new homes range from approximately 650- 1,500 per
month, including lot rent, depending on size, location and market conditions. During 2022, the Company also invested approximately 42
million in other improvements to its communities. 

- 48 - 

Additionally,
the Company has investments in marketable equity securities of other REITs. The REIT securities portfolio provides the Company with additional
liquidity and income and serves as a proxy for real estate when more favorable risk adjusted returns are not available. The Company generally
limits its marketable securities investments to no more than approximately 15 of its undepreciated assets. During 2022, the securities
portfolio decreased 63 or 71.6 million primarily due to sales, including as a result of the MREIC merger, with a cost basis of 49.8
million, as well as a net decrease in the fair value of 21.8 million. The Company also earned dividend income of 2.9 million. The Company
from time to time may purchase these securities on margin when there is an adequate yield spread. 

The
following table summarizes cash flow activity for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 (in thousands) : 

2022 
 2021 
 2020 

Net Cash (Used in) Provided by Operating Activities 
 (7,983 
 65,163 
 66,839 
 
 Net Cash Used in Investing Activities 
 (124,121 
 (94,364 
 (103,770 
 
 Net Cash Provided by Financing Activities 
 47,954 
 125,634 
 46,528 
 
 Net (Decrease) Increase in Cash, Cash Equivalents and Restricted Cash 
 (84,150 
 96,433 
 9,597 

Net
cash (used in) provided by operating activities decreased by 73.1 million in 2022 primarily due to an increase in inventory. Net cash
provided by operating activities remained relatively stable in 2021. 

Net
cash used in investing activities increased by 29.8 million in 2022, primarily due to the purchase of manufactured home communities
and investment property and equipment, partially offset by the proceeds from sales of marketable securities. Net cash used in investing
activities decreased by 9.4 million in 2021, primarily due to a decrease in acquisitions of manufactured homes and the proceeds from
sales of marketable securities offset by the increase in purchase of manufactured home communities and investment in the joint venture. 

Net
cash provided by financing activities decreased by 77.6 million in 2022 to 48.0 million. The Company obtained new debt financing
through mortgages, short term borrowings and the issuance of our Series A Bonds totaling 260.4 million, net of principal repayments
and financing costs. The Company issued and sold 5.0 million shares of its Common Stock during 2022 through the Common ATM Programs,
raising net proceeds of approximately 100.8 million. The Company also received 7.8 million, including dividends reinvested,
through the DRIP. In addition, the Company issued and sold 406,000 shares of its Series D Preferred Stock during 2022 through the
2020 Preferred ATM Program, raising net proceeds of approximately 9.1 million. During 2022, the Company redeemed all 9.9 million
issued and outstanding shares of its 6.75 Series C Preferred Stock for 247.1 million. During 2022, the Company distributed to our
common shareholders a total of 43.4 million, including dividends reinvested. In addition, the Company also paid 24.6 million in
preferred dividends during 2022. 

Net
cash provided by financing activities increased by 79.1 million in 2021 to 125.6 million. The Company received 9.8 million,
including dividends reinvested, through the DRIP. In addition, the Company issued and sold 2.2 million shares of its Series D
Preferred Stock during 2021 through the 2020 Preferred ATM Program, raising net proceeds of approximately 53.2 million. The Company
also issued and sold 8.2 million shares of its Common Stock during 2021 through its Common ATM Programs, raising net proceeds of
approximately 179.1 million. During 2021, the Company had principal repayments and financing costs on debt totaling 260.4 million,
net of new mortgage financing. During 2021, the Company distributed to our common shareholders a total of 35.0 million,
including dividends reinvested. In addition, the Company also paid 29.8 million in preferred dividends during 2021. 

- 49 - 

Cash
flows were primarily used for purchases of manufactured home communities, capital improvements, payment of dividends, purchases of marketable
securities, purchase of inventory and rental homes, loans to customers for the sales of manufactured homes, and expansion of existing
communities. The Company meets maturing mortgage obligations by using a combination of cash flows and refinancing. The dividend payments
were primarily made from cash flows from operations. 

Cash
flows used for capital improvements include amounts needed to meet environmental and regulatory requirements in connection with the manufactured
home communities that provide water or sewer service. Excluding expansions and rental home purchases, the Company is budgeting approximately
 16 million in capital improvements for 2023. 

The
Company s significant commitments and contractual obligations relate to its mortgages, loans payable and other indebtedness, acquisitions
of manufactured home communities, retirement benefits, and the lease on its corporate offices as described in Note 10 to the Consolidated
Financial Statements. 

The
Company has 2,066 acres of undeveloped land which it could develop in the future. The Company continues to analyze the
best use of its vacant land. 

As
of December 31, 2022, the Company had total assets of 1.3 billion and total liabilities of 793.4 million. Our net debt (net of cash
and cash equivalents) to total market capitalization as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 was approximately 38 and 16 , respectively. Our
net debt, less securities (net of cash and cash equivalents and marketable securities) to total market capitalization as of December
31, 2022 and 2021 was approximately 36 and 11 , respectively. 

The
Company believes that it has the ability to meet its obligations and to generate funds for new investments. 

Contractual
Obligations 

The
Company has an investment in its joint venture with Nuveen Real Estate which is accounted for under the equity method of accounting as
we have the ability to exercise significant influence, but not control, over the operating and financial decisions for the joint venture.
The terms of the joint venture require the Company to fund 40 of the total capital contributions made by the members to the joint venture.
See Item 2 Properties-Joint Venture with Nuveen and
 Note 5, Investment in Joint Venture, of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information. 

Our
other primary contractual obligations relate to our loans and mortgages payable and other indebtedness, our operating lease obligations
and our obligations regarding the financing of our home sales. See Note 2 Summary of Significant Accounting Policies , Note
7 Loans and Mortgages Payable , Note 10 Related Party Transactions and Other Matters and Note 14 Commitments,
Contingencies and Legal Matters of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information. 

Impact
of COVID-19 

The
following discussion is intended to provide certain information regarding the impacts of the COVID-19 pandemic on our business and management s
efforts to respond to those impacts. 

We
continue to monitor our operations and government recommendations and have taken steps to make the safety, security and welfare of our
employees, their families and our residents a top priority. 

Collections
are consistent with pre-pandemic levels and we have collected 96 of January 2023 site and home rent as of today s date. Some of
our residents benefitted from the federal government s funding of the Emergency Rental Assistance Programs that were enacted in
each state. 

The
impact of the COVID-19 pandemic remains uncertain and dependent on future developments, including the possible emergence of new variants
of the original virus and the ongoing roll-out of vaccines and their efficacy. We will continue to monitor these rapidly evolving developments
and respond in the best interests of our employees, residents and shareholders. At this time, we believe that the COVID-19 pandemic and
its consequences will not have a material adverse effect on our operations. 

- 50 - 

Critical
Accounting Policies and Estimates 

The
discussion and analysis of the Company s financial condition and results of operations are based upon the Company s consolidated
financial statements, which have been prepared in accordance with GAAP. The preparation of these consolidated financial statements requires
management to make estimates and judgments that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities, revenues and expenses, and related
disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the Company s consolidated financial statements. Actual results
may differ from these estimates under different assumptions or conditions. 

Significant
accounting policies are defined as those that involve significant judgment and potentially could result in materially different results
under different assumptions and conditions. Management believes the following critical accounting policy is affected by our more significant
judgments and estimates used in the preparation of the Company s consolidated financial statements. For a detailed description
of this and other accounting policies, see Note 2 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included in this Form 10-K. 

Acquisitions 

The
Company accounts for acquisitions in accordance with ASC 805, Business Combinations ASC 805 and allocates the purchase
price of the property based upon the fair value of the assets acquired, which generally consist of land, site and land improvements,
buildings and improvements and rental homes. The Company allocates the purchase price of an acquired property generally determined by
internal evaluation as well as third-party appraisal of the property obtained in conjunction with the purchase. 

In
January 2017, the FASB issued Accounting Standards Update ASU 2017-01, Business Combinations (Topic 805), Clarifying
the Definition of a Business . ASU 2017-01 seeks to clarify the definition of a business with the objective of adding guidance
to assist entities with evaluating whether transactions should be accounted for as acquisitions (or disposals) of assets or businesses.
The definition of a business affects many areas of accounting including acquisitions, disposals, intangible assets and consolidation.
The adoption of ASU 2017-01 was effective for annual periods beginning after December 15, 2017, including interim periods within those
periods. The amendments should be applied prospectively on or after the effective dates. Early adoption is permitted. The Company adopted
this standard effective January 1, 2017, on a prospective basis. The Company evaluated its acquisitions and has determined that its acquisitions
of manufactured home communities during 2021 and 2022 should be accounted for as acquisitions of assets. As such, transaction costs,
primarily consisting of broker fees, transfer taxes, legal, accounting, valuation, and other professional and consulting fees, related
to acquisitions are capitalized as part of the cost of the acquisitions, which is then subject to a purchase price allocation based on
relative fair value. Prior to the adoption of ASU 2017-01, the Company s acquisitions were considered an acquisition of a business
and therefore, the acquisition costs were expensed. 

Recent
Accounting Pronouncements 

See
Note 2 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 

Item
7A Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk 

As
of December 31, 2022, we were exposed to risks associated with adverse changes in market prices and interest rates. The Company s
principal market risk exposure is interest rate risk. The Company s future income, cash flows and fair values relevant to financial
instruments are dependent upon prevalent market interest rates. Many factors, including governmental monetary and tax policies, domestic
and international economic and political considerations and other factors that are beyond the Company s control contribute to interest
rate risk. The Company mitigates this risk by maintaining prudent amounts of leverage, minimizing capital costs and interest expense
while continuously evaluating all available debt and equity resources and following established risk management policies and procedures,
which may include the periodic use of derivatives. The Company s primary strategy in entering into derivative contracts is to minimize
the variability that changes in interest rates could have on its future cash flows. The Company generally employs derivative instruments
that effectively convert a portion of its variable rate debt to fixed rate debt. The Company does not enter into derivative instruments
for speculative purposes. 

- 51 - 

The
following table sets forth information as of December 31, 2022, concerning the Company s mortgages and loans payable, including
principal cash flow by scheduled maturity, weighted average interest rates and estimated fair value (in thousands) . 

Mortgages Payable 
 Loans Payable 

Weighted Average 
 
 Weighted Average 

Carrying Value 
 Interest Rate 
 Carrying Value 
 Interest Rate 

2023 
 58,793 
 3.82 
 79,226 
 7.60 
 
 2024 
 -0- 
 -0- 
 -0- 
 -0- 
 
 2025 
 122,260 
 3.98 
 -0- 
 -0- 
 
 2026 
 38,294 
 4.04 
 75,000 
 5.88 
 
 2027 
 39,927 
 4.28 
 -0- 
 -0- 
 
 Thereafter 
 254,435 
 7.03 
 -0- 
 -0- 
 
 Total 
 513,709 
 3.93 (1) 
 154,226 
 6.76 (1) 
 
 Estimated Fair Value 
 503,487 
 
 154,226 

(1) 
 Weighted
 average interest rate, not including the effect of unamortized debt issuance costs. The weighted average interest rate, including
 the effect of unamortized debt issuance costs, at December 31, 2022 was 3.97 for mortgages payable and 6.79 for loans payable. 

All
mortgage loans are at fixed rates. The Company has approximately 154.2 million in variable rate loans payable. If short-term interest
rates increased or decreased by 1 , interest expense would have increased or decreased by approximately 1.5 million. 

The
Company invests in equity securities of other REITs and is primarily exposed to market price risk from adverse changes in market rates
and conditions. The Company generally limits its marketable securities investments to no more than approximately 15 of its undepreciated
assets. All securities are carried at fair value. 

Item
8 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 

The
financial statements and supplementary data listed in Part IV, Item 15(a)(1) and included immediately following the signature pages to
this report are incorporated herein by reference. 

Item
9 Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 

There
were no changes in, or any disagreements with, the Company s independent registered public accounting firm on accounting principles
and practices or financial disclosure during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

Item
9A Controls and Procedures 

Disclosure
Controls and Procedures 

Management,
with the participation of the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, has evaluated the effectiveness of our disclosure
controls and procedures (as defined in Securities Exchange Act of 1934 Rule 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) as of the end of the period covered
by this report. Based on that evaluation, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded that our disclosure controls
and procedures were effective to give reasonable assurances to the timely collection, evaluation and disclosure of information that would
potentially be subject to disclosure under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and the rules and regulations promulgated
thereunder as of December 31, 2022. 

- 52 - 

Internal
Control over Financial Reporting 

(a)
Management s Annual Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting 

Management
of the Company is responsible for establishing and maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Rules
13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) under the Exchange Act). The Company s internal control system was designed to provide reasonable assurance
regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of consolidated financial statements for external purposes in accordance
with GAAP. Because of its inherent limitations, including the possibility of collusion or improper management override of controls, internal
control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. 

Management
assessed the Company s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022. This assessment was based on criteria
for effective internal control over financial reporting established in Internal Control Integrated Framework issued by
the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission COSO (2013 framework). Based on this assessment,
management has concluded that the Company s internal control over financial reporting was effective as of December 31, 2022. 

PKF
O Connor Davies, LLP, the Company s independent registered public accounting firm, has issued their report on their audit
of the Company s internal control over financial reporting, a copy of which is included herein. 

- 53 - 

(b)
Attestation Report of the Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 

Report
of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 

To
the Board of Directors and Shareholders of 

 UMH
Properties, Inc. 

Opinion
on Internal Control over Financial Reporting 

We
have audited UMH Properties, Inc. s (the Company internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022,
based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations
of the Treadway Commission (COSO). In our opinion, the Company maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over
financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) issued
by COSO. 

We
have also audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) PCAOB ),
the consolidated balance sheets of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the related consolidated statements of income (loss),
comprehensive income (loss), shareholders equity and cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022,
and our report dated February 28, 2023, expressed an unqualified opinion thereon. 

Basis
for Opinion 

The
Company s management is responsible for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting, and for its assessment
of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting, included in the accompanying Management s Annual Report on Internal
Control. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s internal control over financial reporting based on our audit.
We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance
with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

We
conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain
reasonable assurance about whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. Our audit
of internal control over financial reporting included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing
the risk that a material weakness exists, and testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based
on the assessed risk. Our audit also included performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe
that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

Definition
and Limitations of Internal Control over Financial Reporting 

A
company s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability
of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting
principles. A company s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the
maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the
company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in
accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance
with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection
of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 

Because
of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of
any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions,
or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 

/s/
 PKF O Connor Davies, LLP 

February
 28, 2023 

New
 York, New York 

- 54 - 

(c)
Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting 

There
have been no changes to our internal control over financial reporting during the quarter ended December 31, 2022 that have materially
affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal controls over financial reporting. 

Item
9B Other Information 

None. 

Item
9C Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdiction that Prevent Inspections 

Not
applicable. 

PART
III 

Item
10 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 

The
information required by this item is incorporated herein by reference to the definitive proxy statement for the Company s 2023
annual meeting of shareholders to be filed with the SEC pursuant to Regulation 14A and the information included under the caption Information
about our Executive Officers in Part I hereof, in accordance with General Instruction G(3) to Form 10-K. 

Item
11 Executive Compensation 

The
information required by this item is incorporated herein by reference to the definitive proxy statement for the Company s 2023
annual meeting of shareholders to be filed with the SEC pursuant to Regulation 14A, in accordance with General Instruction G(3) to Form
10-K. 

Item
12 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 

The
information required by this item is incorporated herein by reference to the definitive proxy statement for the Company s 2023
annual meeting of shareholders to be filed with the SEC pursuant to Regulation 14A, in accordance with General Instruction G(3) to Form
10-K. 

Item
13 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 

The
information required by this item is incorporated herein by reference to the definitive proxy statement for the Company s 2023
annual meeting of shareholders to be filed with the SEC pursuant to Regulation 14A, in accordance with General Instruction G(3) to Form
10-K. 

Item
14 Principal Accountant Fees and Services 

The
information required by this item is incorporated herein by reference to the definitive proxy statement for the Company s 2023
annual meeting of shareholders to be filed with the SEC pursuant to Regulation 14A, in accordance with General Instruction G(3) to Form
10-K. 

- 55 - 

PART
IV 

Item
15 Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules 

Page(s) 

(a)
 (1) 
 
 The
 following Financial Statements are filed as part of this report. 

(i) 
 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID No. 
 63-64 

(ii) 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 65-66 

(iii) 
 Consolidated Statements of Income (Loss) for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 
 67 

(iv) 
 Consolidated Statements of Shareholders Equity for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 
 
 68-69 

(v) 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 
 
 70 

(vi) 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 71-101 

(a)
 (2) 
 
 The
 following Financial Statement Schedule is filed as part of this report: 

(i) 
 Schedule III Real Estate and Accumulated Depreciation as of December 31, 2022 
 102-111 

All
other schedules are omitted for the reason that they are not required, are not applicable, or the required information is set forth in
the consolidated financial statements or notes thereto. 

- 56 - 

(a)
 (3) 
 
 The
 Exhibits set forth in the following index of Exhibits are filed as part of this Report. 

Exhibit
 No. 

Description 

(2) 
 
 Plan
 of Acquisition, Reorganization, Arrangement, Liquidation or Succession 

2.1 
 
 Agreement and Plan of Merger dated as of June 23, 2003 (incorporated by reference from the Company s Definitive Proxy Statement as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on July 10, 2003, Registration No. 001-12690). 

(3) 
 
 Articles
 of Incorporation and By-Laws 

3.1 
 
 Articles of Incorporation of UMH Properties, Inc., a Maryland corporation (incorporated by reference from the Company s Definitive Proxy Statement as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on July 10, 2003, Registration No. 001-12690). 

3.2 
 
 Amendment to Articles of Incorporation (incorporated by reference to the 8-K as filed by the Registrant with the Securities and Exchange Commission on April 3, 2006, Registration No. 001-12690). 

3.3 
 
 Amendment to Articles of Incorporation (incorporated by reference to the Form 8-K as filed by the Registrant with the Securities and Exchange Commission on May 26, 2011, Registration No. 001-12690). 

3.4 
 
 Articles Supplementary (incorporated by reference to the Form 8-K as filed by the Registrant with the Securities and Exchange Commission on May 26, 2011, Registration No. 001-12690). 

3.5 
 
 Amendment to Articles of Incorporation (incorporated by reference to the Form 8-K as filed by the Registrant with the Securities and Exchange Commission on April 10, 2012, Registration No. 001-12690). 

3.6 
 
 Articles Supplementary (incorporated by reference to the Form 8-K as filed by the Registrant with the Securities and Exchange Commission on April 10, 2012, Registration No. 001-12690). 

3.7 
 
 Amendment to Articles of Incorporation (incorporated by reference to the Form 8-K as filed by the Registrant with the Securities and Exchange Commission on October 31, 2012, Registration No. 001-12690). 

3.8 
 
 Articles Supplementary (incorporated by reference to the Form 8-K as filed by the Registrant with the Securities and Exchange Commission on October 31, 2012, Registration No. 001-12690). 

3.9 
 
 Amendment to Articles of Incorporation (incorporated by reference to the Form 8-K as filed by the Registrant with the Securities and Exchange Commission on October 20, 2015, Registration No. 001-12690). 

3.10 
 
 Articles Supplementary (incorporated by reference to the Form 8-K as filed by the Registrant with the Securities and Exchange Commission on October 20, 2015, Registration No. 001-12690). 

3.11 
 
 Amendment to Articles of Incorporation (incorporated by reference to the Form 8-K as filed by the Registrant with the Securities and Exchange Commission on April 5, 2016, Registration No. 001-12690). 

- 57 - 

Exhibit
 No. 

Description 

3.12 
 
 Articles Supplementary (incorporated by reference to the Form 8-K as filed by the Registrant with the Securities and Exchange Commission on April 5, 2016, Registration No. 001-12690). 

3.13 
 
 Amendment to Articles of Incorporation (incorporated by reference to the Form 8-K as filed by the Registrant with the Securities and Exchange Commission on August 11, 2016, Registration No. 001-12690). 

3.14 
 
 Amendment to Articles of Incorporation (incorporated by reference to the Form 8-K as filed by the Registrant with the Securities and Exchange Commission on June 5, 2017, Registration No. 001-12690). 

3.15 
 
 Amendment to Articles of Incorporation (incorporated by reference to the Form 8-K as filed by the Registrant with the Securities and Exchange Commission on July 26, 2017, Registration No. 001-12690). 

3.16 
 
 Articles Supplementary (incorporated by reference to the Form 8-K as filed by the Registrant with the Securities and Exchange Commission on July 26, 2017, Registration No. 001-12690). 

3.17 
 
 Articles Supplementary (incorporated by reference to the Form 8-K as filed by the Registrant with the Securities and Exchange Commission on January 22, 2018, Registration No. 001-12690). 

3.18 
 
 Amendment to Articles of Incorporation (incorporated by reference to the Form 8-K as filed by the Registrant with the Securities and Exchange Commission on April 29, 2019, Registration No. 001-12690). 

3.19 
 
 Articles Supplementary (incorporated by reference to the Form 8-K as filed by the Registrant with the Securities and Exchange Commission on April 29, 2019, Registration No. 001-12690). 

3.20 
 
 Amendment to Articles of Incorporation (incorporated by reference to the Form 8-K as filed by the Registrant with the Securities and Exchange Commission on October 22, 2019, Registration No. 001-12690). 

3.21 
 
 Articles Supplementary (incorporated by reference to the Form 8-K as filed by the Registrant with the Securities and Exchange Commission on October 22, 2019, Registration No. 001-12690). 

3.22 
 
 Amendment to Articles of Incorporation (incorporated by reference to the Form 8-K as filed by the Registrant with the Securities and Exchange Commission on May 18, 2020, Registration No. 001-12690). 

3.23 
 
 Articles Supplementary (incorporated by reference to the Form 8-K as filed by the Registrant with the Securities and Exchange Commission on July 16, 2020, Registration No. 001-12690). 

3.24 
 
 Articles Supplementary (incorporated by reference to the Form 8-K as filed by the Registrant with the Securities and Exchange Commission on January 10, 2023, Registration No. 001-12690). 

- 58 - 

Exhibit
 No 
 
 Description 

3.25 
 
 Bylaws of the Company, as amended and restated, dated March 31, 2014 (incorporated by reference to the Form 8-K as filed by the Registrant with the Securities and Exchange Commission on March 31, 2014, Registration No. 001-12690). 

(4) 
 
 Instruments
 Defining the Rights of Security Holders, Including Indentures 

4.1 
 
 Specimen certificate of Common Stock of UMH Properties, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Form S-3 as filed by the Registrant with the Securities and Exchange Commission on December 21, 2010, Registration No. 333-171338). 

4.2 
 
 Specimen certificate representing the Series D Preferred Stock of UMH Properties, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to the Form 8-A12B as filed by the Registrant with the Securities and Exchange Commission on January 22, 2018, Registration No. 001-12690). 

4.3 
 
 Deed of Trust for the 4.72 Series A Bonds due 2027 between UMH Properties, Inc. and Reznik Paz Nevo Trusts Ltd., as trustee, dated as of January 31, 2022 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4. 4 to the Form 10-K as filed by the Registrant with the Securities and Exchange Commission on February 24, 2022 , Registration No. 001-12690). 

4.4 
 
 Description of the Company s Securities Registered Under Section 12 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. 

(10) 
 
 Material
 Contracts 

10.1 
 + 
 Employment
 Agreement with Mr. Eugene W. Landy dated December 14, 1993 (incorporated by reference to the Company s 1993 Form 10-K as filed
 with the Securities and Exchange Commission on March 28, 1994). 

10.2 
 + 
 Amendment to Employment Agreement with Mr. Eugene W. Landy effective January 1, 2004 (incorporated by reference to the Company s 2004 Form 10-K/A as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on March 30, 2005, Registration No. 001-12690). 

10.3 
 + 
 Second Amendment to Employment Agreement of Eugene W. Landy, dated April 14, 2008 (incorporated by reference to the Form 8-K as filed by the Registrant with the Securities and Exchange Commission on April 16, 2008, Registration No. 001-12690). 

10.4 
 + 
 Third Amendment to Employment Agreement with Mr. Eugene W. Landy effective October 1, 2014 (incorporated by reference to the Form 8-K as filed by the Registrant with the Securities and Exchange Commission on October 8, 2014, Registration No. 001-12690). 

10.5 
 + 
 Amended and Restated Employment Agreement effective January 1, 2023, between UMH Properties, Inc. and Samuel A. Landy (incorporated by reference to the Form 8-K as filed by the Registrant with the Securities and Exchange Commission on January 13, 2023, Registration No. 001-12690). 

10.6 
 + 
 Amended and Restated Employment Agreement effective January 1, 2023, between UMH Properties, Inc. and Anna T. Chew (incorporated by reference to the Form 8-K as filed by the Registrant with the Securities and Exchange Commission on January 13, 2023, Registration No. 001-12690). 

- 59 - 

Exhibit
 No 
 
 Description 

10.7 
 + 
 Employment Agreement effective January 1, 2023, between UMH Properties, Inc. and Craig Koster (incorporated by reference to the Form 8-K as filed by the Registrant with the Securities and Exchange Commission on January 13, 2023, Registration No. 001-12690). 

10.8 
 + 
 Employment Agreement effective January 1, 2023, between UMH Properties, Inc. and Brett Taft (incorporated by reference to the Form 8-K as filed by the Registrant with the Securities and Exchange Commission on January 13, 2023, Registration No. 001-12690). 

10.9 
 + 
 Form of Indemnification Agreement between UMH Properties, Inc. and its Directors and Executive Officers (incorporated by reference to the Form 8-K as filed by the Registrant with the Securities and Exchange Commission on April 23, 2012, Registration No. 001-12690). 

10.10 
 + 
 UMH Properties, Inc. Amended and Restated 2013 Incentive Award Plan (incorporated by reference to the Company s Definitive Proxy Statement (DEF 14A) as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on April 16, 2021, Registration No. 001-12690). 

10.11 
 
 Dividend Reinvestment and Stock Purchase Plan (incorporated by reference to the Company s Registration Statement filed on Form S-3D as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on June 17, 2019, Registration No. 333-232162). 

10.12 
 
 Equity Distribution Agreement by and between UMH Properties, Inc. and BMO Capital Markets Corp., J.P. Morgan Securities LLC, B. Riley Securities, Inc., Compass Point Research Trading LLC, and Janney Montgomery Scott LLC, (incorporated by reference to the Form 8-K as filed by the Registrant with the Securities and Exchange Commission on March 7, 2022, Registration No. 001-12690). 

10.13 
 
 Second Amended and Restated Credit Agreement by and among UMH Properties, Inc. and Bank of Montreal, as Administrative Agent, dated as of November 7, 2022 (incorporated by reference to the Form 10-Q as filed by the Registrant with the Securities and Exchange Commission on November 8, 2022, Registration No. 001-12690). 

10.14 
 
 First Amendment to Second Amended and Restated Credit Agreement by and among UMH Properties, Inc. and Bank of Montreal, as Administrative Agent, dated as of February 24, 2023. 

10.15 
 
 At-the-Market Sales Agreement by and between UMH Properties, Inc. and B. Riley Securities, Inc. (incorporated by reference to the Form 8-K as filed by the Registrant with the Securities and Exchange Commission on January 11, 2023, Registration No. 001-12690). 

(21) 
 
 Subsidiaries of the Registrant. 

(23) 
 
 Consent of PKF O Connor Davies, LLP. 

(31.1) 
 
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

(31.2) 
 
 Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

(32) 
 
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

(101) 
 
 Interactive
 Data File 

++ 
 Inline
 XBRL Instance Document (the instance document does not appear in the Interactive Data File because its XBRL tags are embedded within
 the Inline XBRL document) 

- 60 - 

Exhibit
 No 
 
 Description 

101.SCH 
 ++ 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 
 
 101.CAL 
 ++ 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Document 
 
 101.LAB 
 ++ 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document 
 
 101.PRE 
 ++ 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 
 
 101.DEF 
 104 
 ++ 
 ++ 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document 
 Cover
 Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document) 

Filed
 herewith. 
 
 + 
 
 Denotes
 a management contract or compensatory plan or arrangement. 
 
 ++ 
 
 Pursuant
 to Rule 406T of Regulation S-T, this interactive data file is deemed not filed or part of a registration statement
 or prospectus for purposes of Section 11 or 12 of the Securities Act, is deemed not filed for purposes of Section 18
 of the Exchange Act, and otherwise is not subject to liability under these sections. 

Item
16 Form 10-K Summary 

Not
applicable. 

- 61 - 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant
to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities and Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, the Registrant has duly caused this
report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

UMH
 PROPERTIES, INC. 

BY: 
 /s/Samuel
 A. Landy 

SAMUEL A. LANDY 

President, Chief Executive
 Officer and Director 

(Principal Executive
 Officer) 

BY: 
 /s/Anna
 T. Chew 

ANNA
 T. CHEW 

Executive
 Vice President, Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer 

and Director (Principal
 Financial and Accounting Officer) 

Dated: February
 28, 2023 

Pursuant
to the requirements of the Securities and Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, this report has been duly signed below by the following persons
on behalf of the Registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 

Title 
 
 Date 
 
 /s/Eugene
 W. Landy 

Chairman
 of the Board 
 
 February
 28, 2023 
 
 EUGENE W. LANDY 

/s/Samuel
 A. Landy 

President,
 Chief Executive Officer and Director 

February
 28, 2023 
 
 SAMUEL A. LANDY 

/s/Anna
 T. Chew 

Executive
 Vice President, Chief Financial Officer, 
 
 February
 28, 2023 
 
 ANNA T. CHEW 
 
 Treasurer and Director 

/s /Amy
 Butewicz 

Director 
 
 February
 28, 2023 
 
 AMY BUTEWICZ 

/s/Jeffrey
 A. Carus 

Director 
 
 February
 28, 2023 
 
 JEFFREY A. CARUS 

/s/Kiernan
 Conway 

Director 
 
 February
 28, 2023 
 
 KIERNAN CONWAY 

/s/Matthew
 Hirsch 

Director 
 
 February
 28, 2023 
 
 MATTHEW HIRSCH 

/s/Michael
 P. Landy 

Director 
 
 February
 28, 2023 
 
 MICHAEL P. LANDY 

/s/Stuart
 Levy 

Director 
 
 February
 28, 2023 
 
 STUART LEVY 

/s/William
 Mitchell 

Director 
 
 February
 28, 2023 
 
 WILLIAM MITCHELL 

/s/Angela
 D. Pruitt-Marriott 

Director 
 
 February
 28, 2023 
 
 ANGELA
 PRUITT 

/s/Kenneth
 K. Quigley, Jr. 

Director 
 
 February
 28, 2023 
 
 KENNETH K. QUIGLEY 

- 62 - 

REPORT
OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

The Board of Directors and Shareholders of 

 UMH Properties Inc. 

Opinion on the Financial Statements 

We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance
sheets of UMH Properties, Inc. and subsidiaries (the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the related consolidated
statements of income (loss), shareholders equity, and cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022,
and the related notes and schedule listed in the Index at Item 15(a)(2)(i) (collectively referred to as the consolidated financial
statements ). In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position
of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the three years in the
period ended December 31, 2022, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 

We have also audited, in accordance with the standards
of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) PCAOB ), the Company s internal control over financial
reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) issued by
the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO), and our report dated February 28, 2023, expressed an unqualified
opinion. 

Basis for Opinion 

These consolidated financial statements are the responsibility
of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s consolidated financial statements
based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the
Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission
and the PCAOB. 

We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards
of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated
financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. Our audits included performing procedures to assess
the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures
that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the
consolidated financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by
management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the consolidated financial statements. We believe that our audits provide
a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

- 63 - 

Critical
Audit Matter 

The
critical audit matter communicated below is a matter arising from the current period audit of the consolidated financial statements that
was communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that (1) relates to accounts or disclosures that are material
to the consolidated financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication
of a critical audit matter does not alter in any way our opinion on the consolidated financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are
not, by communicating the critical audit matter below, providing a separate opinion on the critical audit matter or on the accounts or
disclosures to which it relates. 

Acquisition
of Manufactured Home Communities 

The
Company s strategy includes growth by acquisition. As described in note 1 to the consolidated financial statements, the Company
evaluates acquisitions to determine whether the acquisition should be classified as either an asset acquisition or business combination.
For asset acquisitions, the Company allocates the purchase price of these manufactured home communities on a relative fair value basis
and capitalizes direct acquisition related costs as part of the purchase price. The Company evaluated its acquisitions and has determined
that its acquisitions of manufactured home communities during 2022 should be accounted for as acquisitions of assets. During the year
ended December 31, 2022, the Company acquired seven manufactured home communities for total consideration of approximately 87 million.
The cost of the acquisitions is approximately 8.25 of total net investment property and equipment as of December 31, 2022. We identified
the evaluation of the measurement of the fair values used in purchase price allocation of manufactured home communities as a critical
audit matter. 

The
principal consideration for our determination that the evaluation of the measurement of the fair value used in the purchase price allocation
of manufactured home communities was a critical audit matter was that it involves a high degree of subjectivity in evaluating the reasonableness
of management s estimates and the assumptions used in those estimates, related to the recognition and measurement of assets acquired. 

Our
audit procedures related to evaluating the fair values used in the purchase price allocation of manufactured home community acquisition
included the following. We obtained an understanding and tested the design and operating effectiveness of relevant controls relating
to accounting for acquisitions, such as controls over the evaluation of the accounting treatment and the recognition and measurement
of assets acquired, liabilities assumed, and consideration paid. For each acquisition, we obtained purchase price allocation information
from management, along with relevant supporting documentation such as the executed purchase agreement, in order to corroborate our understanding
of the substance of the acquisition as well as assess the completeness of the assets acquired and liabilities assumed. We assessed whether
(1) the values assigned to the tangible assets appeared reasonable based on a cost or market approach for similar properties in each
geographic area, (2) intangible assets, if any, were properly considered, identified and valued, and (3) the significant assumptions used
in valuing the assets and liabilities were reasonable. Our overall assessment of the amounts reported and disclosed in the consolidated
financial statements included consideration of whether such information was consistent with evidence obtained in other areas of the audit. 

/s/ 

February
28, 2023 

We
have served as the Company s auditor since 2008. 

- 64 - 

UMH
PROPERTIES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 CONSOLIDATED
BALANCE SHEETS 

 AS
OF DECEMBER 31, 2022 and 2021 

 (in
thousands except per share amounts) 

2022 
 2021 

-ASSETS- 

Investment Property and Equipment 

Land 

Site and Land Improvements 

Buildings and Improvements 

Rental Homes and Accessories 

Total Investment Property 

Equipment and Vehicles 

Total Investment Property and Equipment 

Accumulated Depreciation 

Net Investment Property and Equipment 

Other Assets 

Cash and Cash Equivalents 

Marketable Securities at Fair Value 

Inventory of Manufactured Homes 

Notes and Other Receivables, net 

Prepaid Expenses and Other Assets 

Land Development Costs 

Investment in Joint Venture 

Total Other Assets 

TOTAL ASSETS 

See
Accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

- 65 - 

UMH
PROPERTIES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 CONSOLIDATED
BALANCE SHEETS (CONTINUED) 

 AS
OF DECEMBER 31, 2022 and 2021 

 (in
thousands except per share amounts) 

2022 
 2021 

- LIABILITIES AND SHAREHOLDERS EQUITY - 

LIABILITIES: 

Mortgages Payable, net of unamortized debt issuance costs 

Other Liabilities: 

Accounts Payable 

Loans Payable, net of unamortized debt issuance costs 

Series A Bonds, net of unamortized debt issuance costs 

Accrued Liabilities and Deposits 

Tenant Security Deposits 

Total Other Liabilities 

Total Liabilities 

Commitments and Contingencies 
 - 

Shareholders Equity: 

Series C Cumulative
 Redeemable Preferred Stock, par
 value per share, and shares
 authorized as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively; shares
 issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2021 

Series D 
 Cumulative Redeemable Preferred Stock, par value 
 per share, 
 shares authorized; 
 and 
 shares issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively 

Common Stock - par value per share, and shares authorized as of December 31,
 2022 and 2021, respectively; and shares issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively 

Excess Stock - par value per share, shares authorized; shares
 issued or outstanding as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 

Additional Paid-In Capital 

Undistributed Income (Accumulated Deficit) 

Total UMH Properties, Inc. Shareholders Equity 

Non-Controlling Interest in Consolidated Subsidiaries 

Total Shareholders Equity 

TOTAL LIABILITIES AND SHAREHOLDERS EQUITY 

See
Accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

- 66 - 

UMH
PROPERTIES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 CONSOLIDATED
STATEMENTS OF INCOME (LOSS) 

 FOR
THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 

 (in
thousands) 

2022 
 2021 
 2020 

INCOME: 

Rental and Related Income 

Sales of Manufactured Homes 

Total Income 

EXPENSES: 

Community Operating Expenses 

Cost of Sales of Manufactured Homes 

Selling Expenses 

General and Administrative Expenses 

Depreciation Expense 

Total Expenses 

OTHER INCOME (EXPENSE): 

Interest Income 

Dividend Income 

Gain on Sales of Marketable Securities, net 

Increase (Decrease) in Fair Value of Marketable Securities 

Other Income 

Loss on Investment in Joint Venture 

Interest Expense 

Total Other Income (Expense) 

Income (Loss) Before Loss on Sales of Investment Property and Equipment 

Loss on Sales of Investment Property and Equipment 

Net Income (Loss) 

Preferred Dividends 

Redemption of Preferred Stock 

Loss Attributable to Non-Controlling Interest 

Net Income (Loss) Attributable to Common Shareholders 

Net Income (Loss) Attributable to Common Shareholders Per Share 

Basic 

Diluted 

Weighted Average Common Shares Outstanding: 

Basic 

Diluted 

See
Accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

- 67 - 

UMH
PROPERTIES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 CONSOLIDATED
STATEMENTS OF SHAREHOLDERS EQUITY 

 FOR
THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 

 (in
thousands) 

Common Stock 
 Preferred 
 Preferred 

Issued and Outstanding 
 Stock 
 Stock 

Number 
 Amount 
 Series B 
 Series C 

Balance December 31, 2019 

Common Stock Issued with the DRIP 

Common Stock Issued through Restricted/ Unrestricted Stock Awards 

Common Stock Issued through Stock Options 

Common Stock Issued in connection with At-The-Market Offerings, net 

Repurchase of Common Stock 

Repurchase of Preferred Stock 
 0 

Preferred Stock Issued in connection with At-The-Market Offerings, net 
 0 

Redemption of Preferred Stock 
 0 

Distributions 
 0 

Stock Compensation Expense 
 0 

Net Income 
 0 

Balance December 31, 2020 

Common Stock Issued with the DRIP 

Common Stock Issued through Restricted/ Unrestricted Stock Awards 

Common Stock Issued through Stock Options 

Common Stock Issued in connection with At-The-Market Offerings, net 

Preferred Stock Issued in connection with At-The-Market Offerings, net 
 0 

Distributions 
 0 

Stock Compensation Expense 
 0 

Net Income 
 0 

Balance December 31, 2021 

Common Stock Issued with the DRIP 

Common Stock Issued through Restricted/ Unrestricted Stock Awards 

Common Stock Issued through Stock Options 

Common Stock Issued in connection with At-The-Market Offerings, net 

Preferred Stock Issued in connection with At-The-Market Offerings, net 
 0 

Redemption of Preferred Stock 
 0 

Distributions 
 0 

Stock Compensation Expense 
 0 

Investment from Non-Controlling Interest 
 0 

Net Loss 
 0 

Balance December 31, 2022 

See
Accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

- 68 - 

UMH
PROPERTIES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 CONSOLIDATED
STATEMENTS OF SHAREHOLDERS EQUITY, CONTINUED 

 FOR
THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 

 (in
thousands) 

Preferred Stock
 
 Additional Paid-In 
 Undistributed Income (Accumulated 
 Non-Controlling Interest in Consolidated 
 Total 
 Shareholders 

Series D 
 Capital 
 Deficit) 
 Subsidiary 
 Equity 

Balance December 31, 2019 

Common Stock Issued with the DRIP 

Common Stock Issued through Restricted/ Unrestricted Stock Awards 

Common Stock Issued through Stock Options 

Common Stock Issued in connection with At-The-Market Offerings, net 

Repurchase of Common Stock 

Repurchase of Preferred Stock 

Preferred Stock Issued in connection with At-The-Market Offerings, net 

Redemption of Preferred Stock 

Distributions 

Stock Compensation Expense 

Net Income 

Balance December 31, 2020 

Common Stock Issued with the DRIP 

Common Stock Issued through Restricted/ Unrestricted Stock Awards 

Common Stock Issued through Stock Options 

Common Stock Issued in connection with At-The-Market Offerings, net 

Preferred Stock Issued in connection with At-The-Market Offerings, net 

Distributions 

Stock Compensation Expense 

Net Income 

Balance December 31, 2021 

Balance, value 

Common Stock Issued with the DRIP 

Common Stock Issued through Restricted/ Unrestricted Stock Awards 

Common Stock Issued through Stock Options 

Common Stock Issued in connection with At-The-Market Offerings, net 

Preferred Stock Issued in connection with At-The-Market Offerings, net 

Redemption of Preferred Stock 

Distributions 

Stock Compensation Expense 

Investment from Non-Controlling Interest 

Net Loss 

Net Income (Loss) 

Balance December 31, 2022 

Balance, value 

See
Accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

- 69 - 

UMH
PROPERTIES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 CONSOLIDATED
STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 

 FOR
THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 

 (in
thousands) 

2022 
 2021 
 2020 
 
 CASH FLOWS FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES: 

Net Income (Loss) 

Non-cash items included in Net Income (Loss): 

Depreciation 

Amortization of Financing Costs 

Stock Compensation Expense 

Provision for Uncollectible Notes and Other Receivables 

Gain on Sales of Marketable Securities, net 

Decrease (Increase) in Fair Value of Marketable Securities 

Loss on Sales of Investment Property and Equipment 

Changes in Operating Assets and Liabilities: 

Inventory of Manufactured Homes 

Notes and Other Receivables, net of notes acquired with acquisitions 

Prepaid Expenses and Other Assets 

Accounts Payable 

Accrued Liabilities and Deposits 

Tenant Security Deposits 

Net Cash Provided by (Used in) Operating Activities 

CASH FLOWS FROM INVESTING ACTIVITIES: 

Purchase of Manufactured Home Communities, net of mortgages assumed 

Purchase of Investment Property and Equipment 

Proceeds from Sales of Investment Property and Equipment 

Additions to Land Development Costs 

Purchase of Marketable Securities 

Proceeds from Sales of Marketable Securities 

Investment in Joint Venture 

Net Cash Used in Investing Activities 

CASH FLOWS FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES: 

Proceeds from Mortgages, net of mortgages assumed 

Net Proceeds (Payments) from Short Term Borrowings 

Principal Payments of Mortgages and Loans 

Proceeds from Bond Issuance 

Financing Costs on Debt 

Investments from Non-Controlling Interest 

Proceeds from At-The-Market Preferred Equity Program, net of offering costs 

Payments on Redemption of Preferred Stock 

Proceeds from At-The-Market Common Equity Program, net of offering costs 

Proceeds from Issuance of Common Stock in the DRIP, net of 

dividend reinvestments 

Proceeds from Issuance of Common Stock in the DRIP, net of dividend
 reinvestments 

Repurchase of Preferred Stock, net 

Repurchase of Common Stock, net 

Proceeds from Exercise of Stock Options 

Preferred Dividends Paid 

Common Dividends Paid, net of dividend reinvestments 

Net Cash Provided by Financing Activities 

Net Increase (Decrease) in Cash, Cash Equivalents and Restricted Cash 

Cash, Cash Equivalents and Restricted Cash at Beginning of Year 

CASH, CASH EQUIVALENTS AND RESTRICTED CASH AT END OF YEAR 

See
Accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

- 70 - 

UMH
PROPERTIES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 DECEMBER
31, 2022 and 2021 

of its undepreciated assets (which is the Company s total assets excluding accumulated
depreciation). Management views the Company as a single segment based on its method of internal reporting in addition to its allocation
of capital and resources. 

Description
of the Business 

As
of December 31, 2022, the Company owned and operated manufactured home communities (including one community acquired through the
opportunity zone fund) containing approximately developed sites. These communities are located in New Jersey, New York, Ohio,
Pennsylvania, Tennessee, Indiana, Michigan, Maryland, Alabama and South Carolina. 

These
manufactured home communities are listed by trade names as follows: 

MANUFACTURED
 HOME COMMUNITY 
 
 LOCATION 

Allentown 
 
 Memphis,
 Tennessee 
 
 Arbor
 Estates 
 
 Doylestown,
 Pennsylvania 
 
 Auburn
 Estates 
 
 Orrville,
 Ohio 
 
 Bayshore
 Estates 
 
 Sandusky,
 Ohio 
 
 Birchwood
 Farms 
 
 Birch
 Run, Michigan 
 
 Boardwalk 
 
 Elkhart,
 Indiana 
 
 Broadmore
 Estates 
 
 Goshen,
 Indiana 
 
 Brookside
 Village 
 
 Berwick,
 Pennsylvania 
 
 Brookview
 Village 
 
 Greenfield
 Center, New York 
 
 Camelot
 Village 
 
 Anderson,
 Indiana 
 
 Camelot
 Woods 
 
 Altoona,
 Pennsylvania 
 
 Candlewick
 Court 
 
 Owosso,
 Michigan 
 
 Carsons 
 
 Chambersburg,
 Pennsylvania 
 
 Catalina 
 
 Middletown,
 Ohio 
 
 Cedarcrest
 Village 
 
 Vineland,
 New Jersey 
 
 Center
 Manor 
 
 Monaca,
 Pennsylvania 
 
 Chambersburg
 I II 
 
 Chambersburg,
 Pennsylvania 
 
 Chelsea 
 
 Sayre,
 Pennsylvania 
 
 Cinnamon
 Woods 
 
 Conowingo,
 Maryland 
 
 City
 View 
 
 Lewistown,
 Pennsylvania 
 
 Clinton
 Mobile Home Resort 
 
 Tiffin,
 Ohio 
 
 Collingwood 
 
 Horseheads,
 New York 
 
 Colonial
 Heights 
 
 Wintersville,
 Ohio 
 
 Countryside
 Estates 
 
 Muncie,
 Indiana 
 
 Countryside
 Estates 
 
 Ravenna,
 Ohio 
 
 Countryside
 Village/ Duck River 
 
 Columbia,
 Tennessee 
 
 Cranberry
 Village 
 
 Cranberry
 Township, Pennsylvania 
 
 Crestview 
 
 Athens,
 Pennsylvania 
 
 Cross
 Keys Village 
 
 Duncansville,
 Pennsylvania 
 
 Crossroads
 Village 
 
 Mount
 Pleasant, Pennsylvania 
 
 Dallas
 Mobile Home Community 
 
 Toronto,
 Ohio 
 
 Deer
 Meadows 
 
 New
 Springfield, Ohio 

MANUFACTURED
 HOME COMMUNITY 
 
 LOCATION 

Deer
 Run 
 
 Dothan,
 Alabama 
 
 D
 R Village 
 
 Clifton
 Park, New York 
 
 Evergreen
 Estates 
 
 Lodi,
 Ohio 
 
 Evergreen
 Manor 
 
 Bedford,
 Ohio 
 
 Evergreen
 Village 
 
 Mantua,
 Ohio 
 
 Fairview
 Manor 
 
 Millville,
 New Jersey 
 
 Fifty
 One Estates 
 
 Elizabeth,
 Pennsylvania 
 
 Fohl
 Village 
 
 Canton,
 Ohio 
 
 Forest
 Creek 
 
 Elkhart,
 Indiana 
 
 Forest
 Park Village 
 
 Cranberry
 Township, Pennsylvania 
 
 Fox
 Chapel Village 
 
 Cheswick,
 Pennsylvania 
 
 Frieden
 Manor 
 
 Schuylkill
 Haven, Pennsylvania 
 
 Friendly
 Village 
 
 Perrysburg,
 Ohio 
 
 Garden
 View 
 
 Orangeburg,
 South Carolina 
 
 Green
 Acres 
 
 Chambersburg,
 Pennsylvania 
 
 Gregory
 Courts 
 
 Honey
 Brook, Pennsylvania 
 
 Hayden
 Heights 
 
 Dublin,
 Ohio 
 
 Heather
 Highlands 
 
 Inkerman,
 Pennsylvania 
 
 Hidden
 Creek 
 
 Erie,
 Michigan 
 
 High
 View Acres 
 
 Export,
 Pennsylvania 
 
 Highland 
 
 Elkhart,
 Indiana 
 
 Highland
 Estates 
 
 Kutztown,
 Pennsylvania 
 
 Hillcrest
 Crossing 
 
 Lower
 Burrell, Pennsylvania 
 
 Hillcrest
 Estates 
 
 Marysville, Ohio 
 
 Hillside
 Estates 
 
 Greensburg,
 Pennsylvania 
 
 Holiday
 Village 
 
 Nashville,
 Tennessee 
 
 Holiday
 Village 
 
 Elkhart,
 Indiana 
 
 Holly
 Acres Estates 
 
 Erie,
 Pennsylvania 
 
 Hudson
 Estates 
 
 Peninsula,
 Ohio 
 
 Huntingdon
 Pointe 
 
 Tarrs,
 Pennsylvania 
 
 Independence
 Park 
 
 Clinton,
 Pennsylvania 
 
 Iris
 Winds 
 
 Sumter,
 South Carolina 
 
 Kinnebrook 
 
 Monticello,
 New York 
 
 La
 Vista Estates 
 
 Dothan,
 Alabama 
 
 Lake
 Erie Estates 
 
 Fredonia,
 New York 
 
 Lake
 Sherman Village 
 
 Navarre,
 Ohio 
 
 Lakeview
 Meadows 
 
 Lakeview,
 Ohio 
 
 Laurel
 Woods 
 
 Cresson,
 Pennsylvania 
 
 Little
 Chippewa 
 
 Orrville,
 Ohio 
 
 Mandell
 Trails 
 
 Butler,
 Pennsylvania 
 
 Maple
 Manor 
 
 Taylor,
 Pennsylvania 
 
 Marysville
 Estates 
 
 Marysville,
 Ohio 
 
 Meadowood 
 
 New
 Middletown, Ohio 
 
 Meadows 
 
 Nappanee,
 Indiana 
 
 Meadows
 of Perrysburg 
 
 Perrysburg,
 Ohio 
 
 Melrose
 Village 
 
 Wooster,
 Ohio 
 
 Melrose
 West 
 
 Wooster,
 Ohio 
 
 Memphis
 Blues 
 
 Memphis,
 Tennessee 
 
 Monroe
 Valley 
 
 Jonestown,
 Pennsylvania 
 
 Moosic
 Heights 
 
 Avoca,
 Pennsylvania 
 
 Mount
 Pleasant Village 
 
 Mount
 Pleasant, Pennsylvania 
 
 Mountaintop 
 
 Narvon,
 Pennsylvania 
 
 New
 Colony 
 
 West
 Mifflin, Pennsylvania 
 
 Northtowne
 Meadows 
 
 Erie,
 Michigan 
 
 Oak
 Ridge Estates 
 
 Elkhart,
 Indiana 
 
 Oak
 Tree 
 
 Jackson,
 New Jersey 

MANUFACTURED
 HOME COMMUNITY 
 
 LOCATION 

Oakwood
 Lake Village 
 
 Tunkhannock,
 Pennsylvania 
 
 Olmsted
 Falls 
 
 Olmsted
 Township, Ohio 
 
 Oxford
 Village 
 
 West
 Grove, Pennsylvania 
 
 Parke
 Place 
 
 Elkhart,
 Indiana 
 
 Perrysburg
 Estates 
 
 Perrysburg,
 Ohio 
 
 Pikewood
 Manor 
 
 Elyria,
 Ohio 
 
 Pine
 Ridge Village/Pine Manor 
 
 Carlisle,
 Pennsylvania 
 
 Pine
 Valley Estates 
 
 Apollo,
 Pennsylvania 
 
 Pleasant
 View Estates 
 
 Bloomsburg,
 Pennsylvania 
 
 Port
 Royal Village 
 
 Belle
 Vernon, Pennsylvania 
 
 Redbud
 Estates 
 
 Anderson,
 Indiana 
 
 River
 Valley Estates 
 
 Marion,
 Ohio 
 
 Rolling
 Hills Estates 
 
 Carlisle,
 Pennsylvania 
 
 Rostraver
 Estates 
 
 Belle
 Vernon, Pennsylvania 
 
 Sandy
 Valley Estates 
 
 Magnolia,
 Ohio 
 
 Shady
 Hills 
 
 Nashville,
 Tennessee 
 
 Somerset
 Estates/Whispering Pines 
 
 Somerset,
 Pennsylvania 
 
 Southern
 Terrace 
 
 Columbiana,
 Ohio 
 
 Southwind
 Village 
 
 Jackson,
 New Jersey 
 
 Spreading
 Oaks Village 
 
 Athens,
 Ohio 
 
 Springfield
 Meadows 
 
 Springfield,
 Ohio 
 
 Suburban
 Estates 
 
 Greensburg,
 Pennsylvania 
 
 Summit
 Estates 
 
 Ravenna,
 Ohio 
 
 Summit
 Village 
 
 Marion,
 Indiana 
 
 Sunny
 Acres 
 
 Somerset,
 Pennsylvania 
 
 Sunnyside 
 
 Eagleville,
 Pennsylvania 
 
 Trailmont 
 
 Goodlettsville,
 Tennessee 
 
 Twin
 Oaks I II 
 
 Olmsted
 Township, Ohio 
 
 Twin
 Pines 
 
 Goshen,
 Indiana 
 
 Valley
 High 
 
 Ruffs
 Dale, Pennsylvania 
 
 Valley
 Hills 
 
 Ravenna,
 Ohio 
 
 Valley
 Stream 
 
 Mountaintop,
 Pennsylvania 
 
 Valley
 View I 
 
 Ephrata,
 Pennsylvania 
 
 Valley
 View II 
 
 Ephrata,
 Pennsylvania 
 
 Valley
 View Honeybrook 
 
 Honey
 Brook, Pennsylvania 
 
 Voyager
 Estates 
 
 West
 Newton, Pennsylvania 
 
 Waterfalls
 Village 
 
 Hamburg,
 New York 
 
 Wayside 
 
 Bellefontaine,
 Ohio 
 
 Weatherly
 Estates 
 
 Lebanon,
 Tennessee 
 
 Wellington
 Estates 
 
 Export,
 Pennsylvania 
 
 Woodland
 Manor 
 
 West
 Monroe, New York 
 
 Woodlawn
 Village 
 
 Eatontown,
 New Jersey 
 
 Woods
 Edge 
 
 West
 Lafayette, Indiana 
 
 Wood
 Valley 
 
 Caledonia,
 Ohio 
 
 Worthington
 Arms 
 
 Lewis
 Center, Ohio 
 
 Youngstown
 Estates 
 
 Youngstown,
 New York 

In
addition to the manufactured home communities owned by the Company listed above, the Company s joint venture with Nuveen Real Estate, in which the Company has a interest,
owns two manufactured home communities located in Sebring, Florida, Sebring Square which was acquired in December 2021 and Rum Runner
which was acquired in December 2022. See Note 5. 

wholly-owned, except for its investment in its qualified opportunity zone fund, which is 
owned by the Company (see Note 6). The consolidated financial statements of the Company include all of these subsidiaries, including
its qualified opportunity zone fund. All intercompany transactions and balances have been eliminated in consolidation. 

A
subsidiary of the Company is the managing member of the Company s joint venture with Nuveen Real Estate. 

to 
years). Depreciation of Improvements to Sites and Buildings, Rental Homes and Equipment and Vehicles is computed principally on the
straight-line method over the estimated useful lives of the assets (ranging from 
to 
years). Land Development Costs are not depreciated until they are put in use, at which time they are capitalized as Site and Land
Improvements. Interest Expense pertaining to Land Development Costs are capitalized. Maintenance and Repairs are charged to expense
as incurred and improvements are capitalized. The Company uses its professional judgement in determining whether such costs meet the
criteria for capitalization or must be expensed as incurred. The Company s business plan includes the purchase of value-add
communities, redevelopment, development and expansion of communities. During 2022 and 2021, we acquired 10 value-add communities
containing 
sites and developed 
expansions sites. The Company capitalizes payroll for those individuals responsible for and who spend their time on the execution
and supervision of development activities and capital projects. Salaries and benefits capitalized to land development were
approximately 
million and 
million for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The costs and related accumulated depreciation of property
sold or otherwise disposed of are removed from the financial statements and any gain or loss is reflected in the current
year s results of operations. 

The
Company applies Financial Accounting Standards Board FASB Accounting Standards Codification ASC 360-10,
Property, Plant Equipment ASC 360-10 to measure impairment in real estate investments. The Company s primary
indicator of potential impairment is based on net operating income trends year over year. Rental properties are individually evaluated
for impairment when conditions exist which may indicate that it is probable that the sum of expected future cash flows (on an undiscounted
basis without interest) from a rental property is less than the carrying value under its historical net cost basis. These expected future
cash flows consider factors such as future operating income, trends and prospects as well as the effects of leasing demand, competition
and other factors. Upon determination that an other than temporary impairment has occurred, rental properties are reduced to their fair
value. For properties to be disposed of, an impairment loss is recognized when the fair value of the property, less the estimated cost
to sell, is less than the carrying amount of the property measured at the time there is a commitment to sell the property and/or it is
actively being marketed for sale. A property to be disposed of is reported at the lower of its carrying amount or its estimated fair
value, less its cost to sell. Subsequent to the date that a property is held for disposition, depreciation expense is not recorded. 

The
Company conducted a comprehensive review of all real estate asset classes in accordance with ASC 360-10-35-21. The process entailed
the analysis of property for instances where the net book value exceeded the estimated fair value. The Company reviewed its
operating properties in light of the requirements of ASC 360-10 and determined that, as of December 31, 2022, no impairment
charges were required. 

million and
 million, respectively. For the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 the provisions for uncollectible notes and other receivables
were million, million and million, respectively. Charge-offs and other adjustments related to repossessed homes for the
years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 amounted to million, and million, respectively. 

On
January 1, 2020, the Company adopted ASU No. 2016-13, Financial Instruments Credit Losses (Topic 326): Measurement of
Credit Losses on Financial Instruments. ASU 2016-13 requires that entities use a new forward looking expected loss 
model that generally will result in the earlier recognition of allowance for credit losses. The measurement of expected credit losses
is based upon historical experience, current conditions, and supportable forecasts that affect the collectability of the reported amount.
As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company had notes receivable of million and million, net of a fair value adjustment
of million and million, respectively. Notes receivables are presented as a component of notes and other receivables, net on
our consolidated balance sheets. These receivables represent balances owed to us for previously completed performance obligations for
sales of manufactured homes. 

The
Company s notes receivable primarily consists of installment loans collateralized by manufactured homes with principal and interest
payable monthly. The weighted average interest rate on these loans is approximately and the average maturity is approximately 
years. 

million and million, respectively. The Company estimates that
aggregate amortization expense will be approximately million for 2023, million for 2024, million for 2025, million
for 2026, for 2027 and million thereafter. 

, with an As of December 31, 2022, the right-of-use assets and corresponding lease liabilities of 
million are included in Prepaid
Expenses and Other Assets and Accrued Liabilities and Deposits on the Consolidated Balance Sheets. 

2024 

2025 

2026 

2027 

Thereafter 

Total Lease Payments 

The
weighted average remaining lease term for these leases, including renewal options is years. The right of use assets and lease liabilities was calculated using
an interest rate of . 

Restricted Cash 

Cash, Cash Equivalents And Restricted Cash 

Other
income primarily consists of brokerage commissions for arranging for the sale of a home by a third party and other miscellaneous income.
This income is recognized when the transactions are completed and our performance obligations have been fulfilled. 

million, million and million in 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively). Diluted net income (loss) per share is
calculated by dividing net income (loss) by the weighted average number of common shares outstanding plus the weighted average number
of net shares that would be issued upon exercise of stock options pursuant to the treasury stock method. For the year ended December
31, 2022, employee stock options to purchase million shares of Common Stock were excluded from the computation of Diluted Net Income
(Loss) per Share as their effect would be anti-dilutive. For the year ended December 31, 2021, Common Stock equivalents resulting from
employee stock options to purchase million shares of Common Stock amounted to million shares, which were included in the computation
of Diluted Net Income (Loss) per Share. For the year ended December 31, 2020, employee stock options to purchase million shares of
Common Stock were excluded from the computation of Diluted Net Income (Loss) per Share as their effect would be anti-dilutive. 

million, million and million have been recognized in 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. During 2022, 2021
and 2020, compensation costs included a one-time charge of , and , respectively, for restricted stock and stock
option grants awarded to participants who were of retirement age and therefore the entire amount of measured compensation cost has been
recognized at grant date. Included in Note 8 to these consolidated financial statements are the assumptions and methodology used to calculate
the fair value of stock options and restricted stock awards. 

The Company has and intends to continue to distribute all of its income currently, and therefore no provision
has been made for income or excise taxes. If the Company fails to qualify as a REIT in any taxable year, it will be subject to federal
income taxes at regular corporate rates and may not be able to qualify as a REIT for four subsequent taxable years. The Company is also
subject to certain state and local income, excise or franchise taxes. In addition, the Company has a taxable REIT Subsidiary TRS which is subject to federal and state income taxes at regular corporate tax rates (See Note 13). 

The
Company follows the provisions of ASC Topic 740, Income Taxes, that, among other things, defines a recognition threshold and measurement
attribute for the financial statement recognition and measurement of a tax position taken or expected to be taken in a tax return. ASC
Topic 740 also provides guidance on de-recognition, classification, interest and penalties, accounting in interim periods, disclosure,
and transition. Based on its evaluation, the Company determined that it has no uncertain tax positions and no unrecognized tax benefits
as of December 31, 2022. The Company records interest and penalties relating to unrecognized tax benefits, if any, as interest expense.
As of December 31, 2022, the tax years 2019 through and including 2022 remain open to examination by the Internal Revenue Service. There
are currently no federal tax examinations in progress. 

million. This community contains
a total of developed homesites that are situated on approximately total acres. At the date of acquisition, the average occupancy
for this community was approximately . 

On
May 3, 2022, the Company acquired Mandell Trails, located in Butler, Pennsylvania, for approximately million. This community contains
a total of developed homesites that are situated on approximately total acres. At the date of acquisition, the average occupancy
for this community was approximately . 

On
May 25, 2022, the Company acquired La Vista Estates, located in Dothan, Alabama, for approximately million. This community contains
a total of developed homesites that are situated on approximately total acres. At the date of acquisition, the average occupancy
for this community was approximately . 

On
July 14, 2022, the Company acquired Hidden Creek, located in Erie, Michigan, for approximately million. This community contains
a total of developed homesites that are situated on approximately total acres. At the date of acquisition, the average occupancy
for this community was approximately . 

On
August 10, 2022, the Company acquired Garden View, located in Orangeburg, South Carolina, for approximately million, through its
qualified opportunity zone fund (See Note 6). This community contains a total of developed homesites that are situated on approximately
 total acres. At the date of acquisition, the average occupancy for this community was approximately . 

On
November 22, 2022, the Company acquired Fohl Village, located in Canton, Ohio, for approximately million. This community contains
a total of developed homesites that are situated on approximately total acres. At the date of acquisition, the average occupancy
for this community was approximately . 

On
December 15, 2022, the Company acquired Oak Tree, located in Jackson, New Jersey, for approximately million. This community contains
a total of developed homesites that are situated on approximately total acres. At the date of acquisition, the average occupancy
for this community was approximately . 

Acquisitions
in 2021 

On
January 8, 2021, the Company acquired Deer Run, located in Dothan, Alabama, for approximately million. This community contains a
total of developed homesites that are situated on approximately total acres. At the date of acquisition, the average occupancy
for this community was approximately . 

On
January 21, 2021, the Company acquired Iris Winds, located in Sumter, South Carolina, for approximately million. This community
contains a total of developed homesites that are situated on approximately total acres. At the date of acquisition, the average
occupancy for this community was approximately . 

On
June 1, 2021, the Company acquired Bayshore Estates, located in Sandusky, Ohio, for approximately million. This community contains
a total of developed homesites that are situated on approximately total acres. At the date of acquisition, the average occupancy
for this community was approximately . 

The
Company has evaluated these acquisitions and has determined that they should be accounted for as acquisitions of assets. As such, we
have allocated the total cash consideration, including transaction costs of approximately for 2022 and for 2021, to
the individual assets acquired on a relative fair value basis. The following table summarizes our purchase price allocation for the assets
acquired for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively (in thousands) : 

Depreciable Property 

Notes Receivable and Other 

Total Assets Acquired 

Community NOI 

Net Loss 

See
Note 7 for additional information relating to Loans and Mortgages Payable and Note 18 for the Unaudited Pro Forma Financial
Information relating to these acquisitions. 

In
addition to the acquisitions listed above made by the Company, the Company s joint venture with Nuveen Real Estate consummated
its second acquisition in December 2022. (See Note 5.) 

Accumulated
Depreciation 

Buildings and Improvements 

Rental Homes and Accessories 

Equipment and Vehicles 

Total Accumulated Depreciation 

of the outstanding shares of any of these securities, nor does it have controlling financial interest. The Company generally limits
its investment in marketable securities to no more than approximately of its undepreciated assets. The REIT securities portfolio
provides the Company with additional liquidity and additional income and serves as a proxy for real estate when more favorable risk adjusted
returns are not available. 

Cedar Realty Trust, Inc. 
 C 

Centerspace 
 C 

Pennsylvania Real Estate Investment Trust 
 B 

Pennsylvania Real Estate Investment Trust 
 D 

Total Preferred Stock 

Common Stock: 

Alerislife Inc. 

Diversified HealthCare Trust 

Franklin Street Properties Corporation 

Industrial Logistics Properties Trust 

Kimco Realty Corporation 

Office Properties Income Trust 

Orion Office REIT, Inc. 

Pennsylvania Real Estate Investment Trust 

Realty Income Corporation 

Urstadt Biddle Properties, Inc. 

Total Common Stock 

Total Marketable Securities 

The
following is a listing of marketable securities at December 31, 2021 (in thousands) : 

Interest 
 Number 
 
 Market 

Series 
 Rate 
 of Shares 
 Cost 
 Value 

Equity Securities: 

Preferred Stock: 

Cedar Realty Trust, Inc. 
 B 

Cedar Realty Trust, Inc. 
 C 

Centerspace 
 C 

Pennsylvania Real Estate Investment Trust 
 B 

Pennsylvania Real Estate Investment Trust 
 D 

Total Preferred Stock 

Common Stock: 

CBL Associates Properties, Inc. 

Five Star Senior Living 

Franklin Street Properties Corporation 

Industrial Logistics Properties Trust 

Kimco Realty Corporation 

Monmouth Real Estate Investment Corporation 

Office Properties Income Trust 

Orion Office REIT, Inc. 

Pennsylvania Real Estate Investment Trust 

Diversified HealthCare Trust 

Urstadt Biddle Properties, Inc. 

Realty Income Corporation 

Washington Prime Group 

Total Common Stock 

Total Marketable Securities 

As
of December 31, 2021, the Company s securities portfolio included 
million shares of common stock of Monmouth Real Estate Investment Corporation MREIC ), representing 
of the total MREIC shares outstanding. The Company s Chairman of the Board was also the Chairman of MREIC and there were three
other Company Directors who were also directors and shareholders of MREIC. In February 2022, MREIC was acquired by a third party
pursuant to an all-cash merger approved by the shareholders of MREIC, which resulted in the Company and MREIC s other
shareholders receiving a cash payment of 
per share in cancellation of their MREIC common shares. The merger consideration received by the Company on February 28, 2022 for
its 
million shares of MREIC common stock totaled approximately 
million. These shares had been acquired by the Company at a cost of approximately 
million, which resulted in a gain of approximately 
million. The Company also sold other securities in its portfolio with a total cost of 
million at a loss of 
million. As of December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, the securities portfolio had net unrealized holding losses of 
million, 
million and 
million, respectively. 

million of equity capital for acquisitions during a -month
commitment period, with Nuveen having the option, subject to certain conditions, to elect to increase the parties total
commitments by up to an additional 
million and to extend the commitment period for up to an additional . The LLC Agreement calls for committed capital to be funded 
by Nuveen and 
by the Company on a parity basis. The Company serves as managing member of the joint venture and is responsible for day-to-day operations of the joint venture and management
of its properties, subject to obtaining approval of Nuveen Real Estate for major decisions (including investments, dispositions, financings,
major capital expenditures and annual budgets). The Company receives property management
and other fees from the joint venture. 

The
Company serves as managing member of the joint venture and will be responsible for day-to-day operations of the joint venture and management
of its properties, subject to obtaining Nuveen s approval of major decisions (including investments, dispositions, financings,
major capital expenditures and annual budgets). For its role as managing member and property manager, the Company will receive asset
management and property management fees. In addition, the Company will be entitled to receive a promote percentage once each member of
the joint venture has recouped its invested capital and received a net unlevered internal rate of return. 

After
December 8, 2024 or, if later, the second anniversary of the joint venture s acquisition and placing in service of a manufactured
housing or recreational vehicle community, Nuveen will have a right to initiate the sale of one or more of the communities owned by the
joint venture. If Nuveen elects to initiate such a sale process, the Company may exercise a right of first refusal to acquire Nuveen s
interest in the community or communities to be sold for a purchase price corresponding to the greater of the appraised value of such
communities or the amount required to provide a 7.5 net unlevered internal rate of return on Nuveen s investment. 

The
LLC Agreement between the Company and Nuveen provides that until the capital contributions to the joint venture are fully funded or
the joint venture is terminated, the joint venture will be the exclusive vehicle for the Company to acquire any manufactured housing
communities and/or recreational vehicle communities that meet the joint venture s investment guidelines. These guidelines call
for the joint venture to acquire manufactured housing and recreational vehicle communities that have been developed within the
previous and are less than 20 occupied, are located in certain geographic markets, are projected to meet certain cash flow and
internal rate of return targets, and satisfy certain other criteria. The Company has agreed to offer Nuveen the opportunity to have
the joint venture acquire any manufactured housing community or recreational vehicle community that meets these investment
guidelines. If Nuveen determines not to pursue or approve any such acquisition, the Company would be permitted to acquire the
property outside the joint venture. Nuveen provided the Company with written waivers of the exclusivity provision of the LLC
Agreement with regard to two property acquisitions that may have fit the investment guidelines of the joint venture, which
permitted the Company to acquire them outside of the Nuveen joint venture. Except for investment opportunities that are offered to
and declined by Nuveen, the Company is prohibited from developing, owning, operating or managing manufactured housing communities or
recreational vehicle communities within a 10-mile radius of any community owned by the joint venture. However, this restriction does
not apply with respect to investments by the Company in existing communities operated by the Company. 

Nuveen
will have the right to remove and replace the Company as managing member of the joint venture and manager of the joint venture s
properties if the Company breaches certain obligations or certain events occur. Upon such removal, Nuveen may elect to buy out the Company s
interest in the joint venture at of the value of the Company s interest in the joint venture. If Nuveen does not exercise such
buy-out right, the Company may, at specified times, elect to initiate a sale of the communities owned by the joint venture, subject to
a right of first refusal on the part of Nuveen. The LLC Agreement contains restrictions on a party s right to transfer its interest
in the joint venture without the approval of the other party. 

While
the Company considers the LLC Agreement with Nuveen to be an important agreement, the Company has concluded that the LLC Agreement does
not fall within the definition of a material contract as defined by SEC rules. The LLC Agreement requires the Company to
offer Nuveen the opportunity to have the joint venture acquire a manufactured housing community or recreational vehicle community that
meets the investment guidelines. If Nuveen decides not to acquire the community through the joint venture, however, the Company is free
to purchase the community on its own outside of the joint venture. Based upon this, and in light of the Company s relationship
and its dealings with Nuveen since entering into the LLC Agreement, the Company has concluded that there is no meaningful restriction
on the Company s ability to acquire communities that meet the investment guidelines and that the other provisions of the LLC Agreement
do not impose any material obligations or restrictions on the Company. 

On
December 22, 2021, the joint venture closed on the acquisition of Sebring Square, a newly developed all-age, manufactured home community
located in Sebring, Florida, for a total purchase price of million. This community contains developed homesites situated on
approximately acres. On December 23, 2022, the joint venture closed on the acquisition of Rum Runner, a newly developed all-age, manufactured
home community also located in Sebring, Florida for a total purchase price of million. This community contains developed homesites.
situated on approximately acres. The Company manages these communities on behalf of the joint venture (See Note 14). 

The Company and Nuveen are continuing
to seek opportunities to acquire additional manufactured housing and/or recreational vehicle communities that are under development and/or
newly developed and meet certain other investment guidelines. The Company and Nuveen have informally agreed that any future acquisitions
would be made by one or more new joint venture entities to be formed for that purpose and that the existing joint venture entity formed
in December 2021 will not consummate additional acquisitions but will maintain its existing property portfolio, consisting of the Sebring
Square and Rum Runner communities. While the terms and conditions of such new joint venture entities have not been fully negotiated, it
is expected that invested capital would continue to be funded by Nuveen and by the Company on a parity basis and that other terms
would be similar to those of the existing joint venture, except that the amounts of the parties respective capital commitments
will be determined on a property-by-property basis. 

million, representing a portion of the capital gain the Company recognized as a result of the MREIC merger, in its opportunity zone
fund, UMH OZ Fund, LLC OZ Fund ), a new entity formed by the Company. The OZ Fund was created to acquire,
develop and redevelop manufactured housing communities requiring substantial capital investment and located in areas designated as
Qualified Opportunity Zones by the Treasury Department pursuant to a program authorized under the 2017 Tax Cuts and Jobs Act to
encourage long-term investment in economically distressed areas. The OZ Fund was designed to allow the Company and other investors
in the OZ Fund to defer the tax on recently realized capital gains reinvested in the OZ Fund until December 31, 2026 and to
potentially obtain certain other tax benefits. UMH manages the OZ Fund and will receive certain management fees as well as a 15 
carried interest in distributions by the OZ Fund to the other investors (subject to first returning investor capital with a 5 
preferred return). UMH will have a right of first offer to purchase the communities from the OZ Fund at the time of sale at their
then-current appraised value. On August 10, 2022, the Company, through the OZ Fund, acquired Garden View, located in Orangeburg,
South Carolina, for approximately 
million (See Note 3). As of December 31, 2022, the Company s investment in the OZ Fund represented 
of the total capital contributed to the OZ Fund and is consolidated in the Company s Consolidated Financial Statements. Other
investors in the OZ Fund include certain officers and directors of the Company. Subsequent to year end, the OZ Fund acquired Mighty
Oak, located in Albany, Georgia, for approximately 
million (See Note 17). 

and
 , respectively. These margin loans are collateralized by the Company s securities portfolio and are due on demand. The Company
must maintain a coverage ratio of approximately 2 times. At December 31, 2022 and 2021, there were no margin loans outstanding. 

The
Company has revolving credit agreements totaling million with 21 st Mortgage Corporation 21 st Mortgage ),
Customers Bank and Northpoint Commercial Finance to finance inventory purchases. Interest rates on these agreements range from 
to prime with a minimum of . As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the total amount outstanding on these lines was million and 
million, respectively, with a weighted average interest rate of and , respectively. 

In
June 2020, the Company expanded its revolving line of credit with OceanFirst Bank OceanFirst Line from million to
 million. This line is secured by the Company s eligible notes receivable. Interest was reduced from prime plus 25 basis points
to prime with a floor of . The amendment also extended the maturity date from to , which was extended to
June 1, 2023. As of December 31, 2022 the amount outstanding on this revolving line of credit was million and the interest rate was
 . As of December 31, 2021, the amount outstanding on this revolving line of credit was million and the interest rate was . 

On
October 7, 2020, the Company entered into a revolving line of credit with FirstBank secured by rental homes and rental home leases in
several of our manufactured home communities. This facility allows for proceeds of million and is expandable to million with
an accordion feature. The facility has a maturity date of , which was extended to . As of December 31, 2022 the amount outstanding on this revolving line of credit was
 million and the interest rate was . As of December 31, 2021, the amount outstanding on this revolving line of credit was 
million and the interest rate was . 

Unsecured
Line of Credit 

On
November 29, 2018, the Company entered into a First Amendment to Amended and Restated Credit Agreement (the Amendment to expand and extend its existing unsecured revolving credit facility (the Facility ). , and includes JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. J.P. Morgan as the sole syndication agent. The Amendment provided for an
increase from million in available borrowings to million in available borrowings with a million accordion feature, bringing
the total potential availability up to million, subject to certain conditions including obtaining commitments from additional lenders.
The Amendment also extended the maturity date of the Facility from March 27, 2020 to November 29, 2022, with a one-year extension available
at the Company s option, subject to certain conditions including payment of an extension fee. 

On
November 7, 2022, the Company entered into the Second Amended and Restated Credit Agreement (the Amendment to expand and
extend its existing unsecured revolving credit facility (the Facility ). The Second Amended Credit
Agreement provides for an increase from million in available borrowings to million in available borrowings with a million
accordion feature, bringing the total potential availability up to million, subject to certain conditions including obtaining commitments
from additional lenders. The Second Amended Credit Agreement also extends the maturity date of the Facility from November 29, 2022 to
November 7, 2026, with a further one-year extension available at the Company s option, subject to certain conditions including
payment of an extension fee. 

Interest
rates on borrowings are based on the Company s overall leverage ratio and is equal to the Secured Overnight Financing Rate SOFR plus to , or BMO s prime lending rate plus to . Based on the Company s current leverage ratio, borrowings
under the Facility will bear interest at SOFR plus or at BMO s prime lending rate plus , which results in an interest
rate of and at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

As
of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the amount outstanding under this Facility was million and million, respectively. 

2024 

2025 

2026 

2027 

Thereafter 

Total Loans Payable 

Unamortized Debt Issuance
Costs 

Total
 Loans Payable, net of Unamortized Debt Issuance Costs 

Series
A Bonds 

On
February 6, 2022, the Company issued million of its new Series A Bonds due 2027, 2027 Bonds ), in an offering
to investors in Israel. The Company received million, net of offering expenses. The 2027 Bonds are unsecured obligations of the
Company denominated in Israeli shekels (NIS) and were issued pursuant to a Deed of Trust dated January 31, 2022 between the Company and
Reznik Paz Nevo Trusts Ltd., an Israeli trust company, as trustee. The 2027 Bonds pay interest at a rate of per year. Interest
on the 2027 Bonds is payable semi-annually on August 31, 2022, and on February 28 and August 31 of the years 2023-2026 (inclusive) and
on the final maturity date of . The principal and interest will be linked to the U.S. Dollar. In the event of a future
downgrade by two or more notches in the rating of the 2027 Bonds or a failure by the Company to comply with certain covenants in the
Deed of Trust, the interest rate on the 2027 Bonds will be subject to increase. However, any such increases, in the aggregate, would
not exceed per annum. 

Under
the Deed of Trust, the Company has the right to redeem the 2027 Bonds, in whole or in part, at any time on or after 60 days from February
9, 2022, the date on which the 2027 Bonds were listed for trading on the Tel Aviv Stock Exchange (the TASE ). Any such voluntary
early redemption by the Company will require payment of the applicable early redemption amount calculated in accordance with the Deed
of Trust. Upon the occurrence of an event of default or certain other events, including a delisting of the 2027 Bonds by the TASE, the
Company may be required to affect an early repayment or redemption of all or a portion of the 2027 Bonds at their par value plus accrued
and unpaid interest. The Deed of Trust permits the Company, subject to certain conditions, to issue additional 2027 Bonds without obtaining
approval of the holders of the 2027 Bonds. 

The
2027 Bonds are general unsecured obligations of the Company and rank equal in right of payment with all of the Company s existing
and future unsecured indebtedness. The Deed of Trust includes certain customary covenants, including financial covenants requiring the
Company to maintain certain ratios of debt to net operating income, to shareholders equity and to earnings, and customary events of default.
As of December 31, 2022, the Company is in compliance with these covenants. The 2027 Bonds were offered solely to investors outside the
United States and were not offered to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. Persons (as defined in Regulation S under the Securities
Act of 1933). 

Mortgages
Payable 

Mortgages
Payable represents the principal amounts outstanding, net of unamortized debt issuance costs. Interest is payable on these mortgages
at fixed rates ranging from to . The weighted average interest rate was and as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively,
including the effect of unamortized debt issuance costs. The weighted average interest rate as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 was 
and , respectively, not including the effect of unamortized debt issuance costs. The weighted average loan maturity of the Mortgage
Notes Payable was and years at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

Brookview Village 

Candlewick Court 

Catalina 

Cedarcrest Village 

Clinton Mobile Home Resort 

Cranberry Village 

D R Village 

Fairview Manor 

Fohl Village 

Forest Park Village 

Friendly Village 

Hayden Heights 

Highland Estates 

Holiday Village 

Holiday Village- IN 

Holly Acres Estates 

Kinnebrook Village 

Lake Erie Estates 

Lake Sherman Village 

Meadows of Perrysburg 

Northtowne Meadows 

Oak Tree 

Olmsted Falls 

Oxford Village 

Perrysburg Estates 

Pikewood Manor 

Shady Hills 

Springfield Meadows 

Suburban Estates 

Sunny Acres 

Trailmont 

Twin Oaks 

Valley Hills 

Waterfalls 

Weatherly Estates 

Wellington Estates 

Woods Edge 

Worthington Arms 

Various (2 properties) 

Various (2 properties) 

Various (2 properties) 

Various (4 properties) 

Various (4 properties) 

Various (5 properties) 

Various (6 properties) 

Various (13 properties) 

Various (28 properties) 

Various (28 properties) 

Total Mortgages Payable 

Unamortized Debt Issuance Costs 

Total Mortgages Payable, net of Unamortized Debt Issuance Costs 

At
December 31, 2022 and 2021, mortgages were collateralized by real property with a carrying value of billion and million,
respectively, before accumulated depreciation and amortization. Interest costs amounting to million, million and million
were capitalized during 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively, in connection with the Company s expansion program. At December 31,
2022, the Company owned communities of which are unencumbered. 

Recent
Financing Transactions 

During
the year ended December 31, 2022 

In
August 2020, the Company financed 28 of its previously unencumbered communities, containing approximately 4,100 sites, under a Federal
National Mortgage Association Fannie Mae credit facility through Wells Fargo Bank, N.A. for total proceeds of approximately
 million. On March 15, 2022, the Company completed the addition of approximately homes to this credit facility for total proceeds
of approximately million. This addition is coterminous with the remaining term of the existing facility, which matures in 2030.
Interest is at a fixed rate of . 

On
September 26, 2022, the Company completed the addition of two tranches to its Fannie Mae credit facility through Wells Fargo Bank, N.A.,
for total proceeds of approximately million. One tranche consists of four communities (the Community Tranche and
the other tranche consists of approximately homes located in those communities (the Home Tranche ). Interest is
at a fixed rate of . 

On
November 22, 2022, in conjunction with the acquisition of Fohl Village (See Note 3), the Company obtained a mortgage totaling million
with OceanFirst Bank. The initial interest rate on this mortgage is fixed at until November 22, 2027 and then adjusted by adding
200 basis points to the weekly average yield on the U.S. Treasury Securities, adjusted to a constant maturity of years, with a floor
of , through maturity date. This mortgage matures on , with principal repayments based on a -year amortization
schedule. 

On
December 15, 2022, in conjunction with the acquisition of Oak Tree (see Note 3), the Company obtained a mortgage totaling million
with OceanFirst Bank. The initial interest rate on this mortgage is fixed at until December 15, 2027 and then adjusted by adding
200 basis points to the weekly average yield on the U.S. Treasury Securities, adjusted to a constant maturity of years, with a floor
of , through maturity date. This mortgage matures on , with principal repayments based on a -year amortization
schedule. 

During
the year ended December 31, 2021 

On
August 17, 2021, the Company obtained a Federal Home Loan Mortgage Corporation Freddie Mac mortgage totaling million
through Wells Fargo Bank, N.A. Wells Fargo on Holly Acres. The interest rate on this mortgage is fixed at . This
mortgage matures on , with principal repayments based on a -year amortization schedule. 

2024 

2025 

2026 

2027 

Thereafter 

Total 

million shares of Common Stock. The 2013 Plan replaced the Company s 2003 Stock Option Plan (the 2003 Plan ),
which, pursuant to its terms, terminated in 2013. The outstanding options under the 2003 Plan, as amended, remain outstanding until exercised,
forfeited or expired. 

On
June 14, 2018, the shareholders approved and ratified an amendment and restatement (and renaming) of the 2013 Plan (now referred to as
the Amended and Restated 2013 Incentive Award Plan) (the Amended and Restated 2013 Plan The amendment and restatement
made two substantive changes: (1) provide an additional million common shares for future grant of option awards, restricted stock awards,
or other stock-based awards; and (2) allow for the issuance of other stock-based awards. 

On
June 16, 2021, the shareholders approved and ratified an amendment of the Company s Amended and Restated 2013 Plan. The amendment
provides for an additional million common shares for future grants of option awards, restricted stock awards, or other stock-based
awards. 

The
Compensation Committee has the exclusive authority to administer and construe the Amended and Restated 2013 Plan and shall determine,
among other things: persons eligible for awards and who shall receive them; the terms and conditions of the awards; the time or times
and conditions subject to which awards may become vested, deliverable, exercisable, or as to which any may apply, be accelerated or lapse;
and amend or modify the terms and conditions of an award with the consent of the participant. 

Generally,
the term of any stock option may not be more than years from the date of grant. The option price may not be below the fair market
value at date of grant. If and to the extent that an award made under the Amended and Restated 2013 Plan is forfeited, terminated, expires
or is canceled unexercised, the number of shares associated with the forfeited, terminated, expired or canceled portion of the award
shall again become available for additional awards under the Amended and Restated 2013 Plan. 

The
Company accounts for stock options and restricted stock in accordance with ASC 718-10, Compensation-Stock Compensation. ASC 718-10 requires
that compensation cost for all stock awards be calculated and amortized over the service period (generally equal to the vesting period). 

Stock
Options 

During
the year ended December 31, 2022, forty-six employees were granted options to purchase a total of shares. During the year ended
December 31, 2021, forty-six employees were granted options to purchase a total of shares. During the year ended December 31,
2020, forty-one employees were granted options to purchase a total of shares. The fair value of these options for the years ended
December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 was approximately million, million and , respectively, based on assumptions noted
below and is being amortized over the vesting period. The remaining unamortized stock option expense was million as of December
31, 2022, which will be expensed ratably through 2027. 

The
Company calculates the fair value of each option grant on the grant date using the Black-Scholes option-pricing model which requires
the Company to provide certain inputs, as follows: 

The
 assumed dividend yield is based on the Company s expectation of an annual dividend rate for regular dividends over the estimated
 life of the option. 

Expected
 volatility is based on the historical volatility of the Company s stock over a period relevant to the related stock option
 grant. 

The
 risk-free interest rate utilized is the interest rate on U.S. Government Bonds and Notes having the same life as the estimated life
 of the Company s option awards. 

Expected
 life of the options granted is estimated based on historical data reflecting actual hold periods. 

Estimated
forfeiture is based on historical data reflecting actual forfeitures. 

Expected volatility 

Risk-free interest rate 

Expected lives 

Estimated forfeitures 

During
the year ended December 31, 2022, options to fourteen employees to purchase a total of shares were exercised. During the year
ended December 31, 2021, options to thirty-five employees to purchase a total of shares were exercised. During the year ended
December 31, 2020, options to ten employees to purchase a total of shares were exercised. During the year ended December 31, 2021,
options to one employee to purchase a total of shares were forfeited. During the year ended December 31, 2020, options to two employees
to purchase a total of shares were forfeited or expired. 

Granted 

Exercised 

Forfeited 

Expired 

Outstanding at end of year 

Options exercisable at end of year 

Weighted average fair value of options granted during the year 

. 

The
aggregate intrinsic value is calculated as the difference between the exercise price of the underlying awards and the quoted price of
the Company s Common Stock for the options that were in-the-money. The aggregate intrinsic value of options outstanding as of December
31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 was million, million and million, respectively, of which 
 million, million and million relate to options exercisable. The intrinsic value of options exercised in 2022, 2021
and 2020 was , million and , respectively, determined as of the date of option exercise. The weighted average remaining
contractual term of the above options was , and years as of December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. For the years
ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, amounts charged to stock compensation expense relating to stock option grants, which is included
in General and Administrative Expenses, totaled million, and , respectively. 

Restricted
Stock 

On
January 29, 2021, the Company awarded special restricted stock grants totaling shares to five employees for their successful
efforts on the per share. The grant
date fair value of the restricted stock grants awarded on January 29, 2021 was million, which will be expensed over the vesting
period. Vesting of these grants is subject to both time and performance-based vesting criteria as follows: 

(1) /share at June 30, 2020. 

On
January 12, 2022, the Company awarded a total of shares of restricted stock to five employees. On March 25, 2022, the Company
awarded a total of shares of restricted stock to two employees, pursuant to their employment agreements. On January 13, 2021,
the Company awarded a total of shares of restricted stock to five employees. On March 18, 2021, the Company awarded a total of
 shares of restricted stock to four employees. On January 8, 2020, the Company awarded a total of shares of restricted
stock to three employees. On October 23, 2020, the Company awarded a total of shares of restricted stock to two participants,
pursuant to their employment agreements. The grant date fair value of the restricted stock grants awarded to participants (other than
the performance based awards granted in January 2021) was million, million and for the years ended December 31, 2022,
2021 and 2020, respectively. These grants primarily vest in equal installments over five years. As of December 31, 2022, there remained
a total of million of unrecognized restricted stock compensation related to outstanding non-vested restricted stock grants awarded
and outstanding at that date. Restricted stock compensation is expected to be expensed over a remaining weighted average period of 
years. For the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, amounts charged to stock compensation expense related to restricted stock
grants, which is included in General and Administrative Expenses, totaled million, million and , respectively. 

Granted 

Dividend Reinvested Shares 

Vested 

Non-vested at end of year 

Other
Stock-Based Awards 

Effective
June 20, 2018, a portion of our quarterly directors fee was paid with our unrestricted Common Stock. During 2022, unrestricted
shares of Common Stock were granted as directors fees with a weighted average fair value on the grant date of per share.
During 2021, unrestricted shares of Common Stock were granted as directors fees with a weighted average fair value on the
grant date of per share. During 2020, unrestricted shares of Common Stock were granted as directors fees with a
weighted average fair value on the grant date of per share. 

As
of December 31, 2022, there were million shares available for grant as stock options, restricted stock or other stock-based awards
under the 2013 Plan. 

years old are eligible for the Company s 401(k) Plan Plan ). Under this Plan,
an employee may elect to defer his/her compensation, subject to certain maximum amounts, and have it contributed to the Plan. Employer
contributions to the Plan are at the discretion of the Company. During 2022, 2021 and 2020, The total expense relating to the
Plan, including matching contributions amounted to , and million in 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 

million shares of common stock of Monmouth Real Estate Investment
Corporation MREIC ), representing of the total MREIC shares outstanding. The Company s Chairman of the Board
was also the Chairman of MREIC and there were three other Company Directors who were also directors and shareholders of MREIC. In February
2022, MREIC was acquired by a third party pursuant to an all-cash merger approved by the shareholders of MREIC, which resulted in the
Company and MREIC s other shareholders receiving a cash payment of per share in cancellation of their MREIC common shares.
The merger consideration received by the Company on February 28, 2022 for its million shares of MREIC common stock totaled approximately
 million. These shares had been acquired by the Company at a cost of approximately million, which resulted in a gain of approximately
 million. 

Employment
Agreements 

On
January 11, 2023, the Company entered into employment agreements with Mr. Samuel A. Landy, Ms. Anna T. Chew, Mr. Craig Koster and Mr.
Brett Taft. The agreements are effective as of January 1, 2023 and provide for base compensation, incentive bonuses, and certain customary
fringe benefits, including vacation, life insurance and health benefits and the right to participate in the Company s 401(k) retirement
plan (see Note 17). 

Other
Matters 

Mr.
Eugene W. Landy, the Founder and Chairman of the Board of Directors of the Company, owned a 
interest in the entity that is the landlord of the property where the Company s corporate office space is located. As of
January 2023, Mr. Eugene Landy transferred this ownership to Mr. Samuel A. Landy, the President and Chief Executive Officer and a
director of the Company, and other family members. The lease of the Company s corporate office space extends through April 30, 2027 and requires monthly lease payments of 
through April 30, 2022 and 
from May 1, 2022 through April 30, 2027. The Company is also responsible for its proportionate share of real estate taxes and common
area maintenance. Management believes that the aforesaid rents are no more than what the Company would pay for comparable space
elsewhere. 

Further,
Mr. Eugene W. Landy owns a 
interest, Mr. Samuel A. Landy owns a 
interest, Mr. Daniel Landy, who is also an officer of the Company, owns a interest, and the Samuel Landy Family Limited
Partnership (of which Daniel Landy is the sole general partner) own a 
interest in the qualified opportunity zone fund, UMH OZ Fund, LLC OZ Fund ), recently formed by the Company. In addition, one of the Company s independent directors owns a interest in the OZ Fund. 

shares, classified as shares of Common Stock,
par value per share Common Stock ), shares of Series B Preferred Stock, par value per share Series
B Preferred Stock ), shares of Series C Preferred Stock, par value per share Series C Preferred Stock ),
 shares of Series D Preferred Stock, par value per share Series D Preferred Stock ), and shares
of excess stock, par value per share. On January 10, 2023, the Company filed with the State Department of Assessments and Taxation
of the State of Maryland articles supplementary (the Articles Supplementary reclassifying and designating shares
of the Company s Common Stock as shares of Series D Preferred Stock. After giving effect to the filing of the Articles Supplementary
on January 10, 2023, the authorized capital stock of the Company consists of shares, classified as shares of
Common Stock, shares of Series B Preferred Stock, shares of Series C Preferred Stock, shares of Series D
Preferred Stock and shares of excess stock, par value per share. We previously redeemed all outstanding shares of the
Series B Preferred Stock and Series C Preferred Stock and do not intend to issue any new shares of the Series B Preferred Stock or Series
C Preferred Stock. The excess stock is designed to help us protect our status as a REIT under the Internal Revenue Code. 

Common
Stock 

On
February 8, 2022, the Company s Common Stock was approved for listing on the TASE. Trading of the Common Stock on the TASE began
on February 9, 2022. The Company s Common Stock continues to be listed on the NYSE. 

The
Company has a Dividend Reinvestment and Stock Purchase Plan DRIP ), as amended. Under the terms of the DRIP, shareholders
who participate may reinvest all or part of their dividends in additional shares of the Company at a discounted price (approximately
 of market value) directly from the Company, from authorized but unissued shares of the Company s Common Stock. Shareholders
may also purchase additional shares at this discounted price by making optional cash payments monthly. Optional cash payments must be
not less than per payment nor more than unless a request for waiver has been accepted by the Company. On January 15, 2020,
the Company increased the monthly maximum for the purchase of shares for cash under its DRIP from to . On February 11, 2021,
the Company reduced the monthly maximum from to . 

Less: Dividends Reinvested 

Amounts Received, net 

Number of Shares Issued 

Common
Stock At-The-Market Sales Program 

On
August 16, 2021, the Company entered into an Equity Distribution Agreement (the 2021 Common ATM Program with BMO Capital
Markets Corp., J.P. Morgan Securities LLC, B. Riley Securities, Inc., Compass Point Research Trading, LLC, and Janney Montgomery
Scott LLC, as distribution agents (the Distribution Agents under which the Company was permitted to offer and sell shares
of the Company s Common Stock, having an aggregate sales price of up to million from time to time through the Distribution
Agents. Sales of the shares of Common Stock under the 2021 Common ATM Program were made in at the market offerings as defined
in Rule 415 under the Securities Act, including, without limitation, sales made directly on or through the NYSE or on any other existing
trading market for the Common Stock, as applicable, or to or through a market maker or any other method permitted by law, including,
without limitation, negotiated transactions and block trades. The shares of Common Stock sold under the 2020 Common ATM Program were
offered and sold pursuant to the 2020 Registration Statement and pursuant to the Company s prospectus dated June 1, 2020 included
in the 2020 Registration Statement and the related prospectus supplement, dated August 16, 2021. The 2021 Common ATM Program replaced
the Company s previous 2020 Common ATM Program. In January 2022, shares of Common Stock were issued and sold under the
2021 Common ATM Program at a weighted average price of per share, generating gross proceeds of million and net proceeds of
 million, after offering expenses. Following the sales of Common Stock during 2021 and January 2022 under the 2021 Common ATM Program,
no additional shares remained available for sale under the 2021 Common ATM Program. 

On
March 7, 2022, the Company entered into a new Equity Distribution Agreement (the 2022 Common ATM Program with the Distribution
Agents under which the Company may offer and sell shares of the Company s Common Stock, having an aggregate sales price of up to
 million from time to time through the Distribution Agents, as agents or principals. Sales of the shares of Common Stock under the
2022 Common ATM Program are made in at the market offerings as defined in Rule 415 under the Securities Act of 1933, including,
without limitation, sales made directly on or through the NYSE or to or through a market maker or any other method permitted by law,
including, without limitation, negotiated transactions and block trades. The Distribution Agents are not required to sell any specific
number or dollar amount of securities, but will use commercially reasonable efforts consistent with their normal trading and sales practices,
on mutually agreed terms between the Distribution Agents and the Company. The Company began selling shares under the 2022 Common ATM
Program on March 8, 2022 and through December 31, 2022, million shares of Common Stock were issued and sold at a weighted average
price of per share, generating gross proceeds of million and net proceeds of million, after offering expenses. As
of December 31, 2022, million of Common Stock remained eligible for sale under the 2022 Common ATM Program. 

Issuer
Purchases of Equity Securities 

On
January 12, 2022, the Board of Directors reaffirmed our Common Stock Repurchase Program (the Repurchase Program that authorized
us to repurchase up to million in the aggregate of the Company s Common Stock. Purchases under the Repurchase Program were
permitted to be made using a variety of methods, which may include open market purchases, privately negotiated transactions or block
trades, or by any combination of such methods, in accordance with applicable insider trading and other securities laws and regulations.
The size, scope and timing of any purchases would be based on business, market and other conditions and factors, including price, regulatory
and contractual requirements or consents, and capital availability. The Repurchase Program did not require the Company to acquire any
particular amount of Common Stock and may be suspended, modified or discontinued at any time at the Company s discretion without
prior notice. Although the Repurchase Program remains in effect, the Company did not make any repurchases of Common Stock during 2022. 

Preferred
Stock 

6.75 
Series C Cumulative Redeemable Preferred Stock 

On
July 26, 2022, the Company voluntarily redeemed all million issued and outstanding shares of its Series C Preferred Stock at
a redemption price equal to the per share liquidation preference plus accrued and unpaid dividends to, but not including, the
July 26, 2022 redemption date in an amount of per share, for a total payment of per share, or million in aggregate.
As a result of our redemption, the Company recognized a preferred share redemption charge of approximately million in 2022, primarily
related to the original issuance costs. 

6.375 
Series D Cumulative Redeemable Preferred Stock 

On
January 22, 2018, the Company issued million shares of its new Series D Cumulative Redeemable Preferred Stock, Liquidation Preference
 Per Share Series D Preferred Stock at an offering price of per share in an underwritten registered public
offering. The Company received net proceeds from the sale of these million shares, after deducting the underwriting discount and other
estimated offering expenses, of approximately million and has used the net proceeds of the offering for general corporate purposes,
which included the purchase of manufactured homes for sale or lease to customers, expansion of its existing communities, acquisitions
of additional properties and repayment of indebtedness on a short-term basis. 

Dividends
on the Series D Preferred Stock shares are cumulative from January 22, 2018 and are payable quarterly in 

The
Series D Preferred Stock, par value per share, has no maturity and will remain outstanding indefinitely unless redeemed or otherwise
repurchased. On and after January 22, 2023, the Series D Preferred Stock is redeemable
at the Company s option for cash, in whole or, from time to time, in part, at a price per share equal to , plus all accrued
and unpaid dividends (whether or not declared) to the date of redemption. 

Upon
the occurrence of a Delisting Event or Change of Control, each as defined in the Prospectus pursuant to which the shares of Series D
Preferred Stock were offered, each holder of the Series D Preferred Stock will have the right to convert all or part of the shares of
the Series D Preferred Stock held into Common Stock of the Company, unless the Company elects to redeem the Series D Preferred Stock. 

Holders
of the Series D Preferred Stock generally have no voting rights, except if the Company fails to pay dividends for nine or more quarterly
periods, whether or not consecutive, or with respect to certain specified events. 

In
conjunction with the issuance of the Company s Series D Preferred Stock, in January 2018 the Company filed with the Maryland SDAT
Articles Supplementary setting forth the rights, preferences and terms of the Series D Preferred Stock shares and reclassifying million
shares of Common Stock as shares of Series D Preferred Stock. 

During
2022, 2021 and 2020, the Company sold additional shares of Series D Preferred Stock pursuant to its at-the-market sales programs, and
amended its charter in connection therewith, as described below. 

Preferred
Stock At-The-Market Sales Programs 

On
July 22, 2020, the Company entered into a Preferred Stock At-The-Market Sales Program Preferred ATM Program with B. Riley,
as distribution agent, under which the Company may offer and sell shares of the Company s Series C Preferred Stock and/or Series
D Preferred Stock, having an aggregate sales price of up to million. Sales of shares under the Preferred ATM Program are made in
 at the market offerings as defined in Rule 415 under the Securities Act, including, without limitation, sales made directly
on or through the NYSE, or on any other existing trading market for the Series C Preferred Stock or Series D Preferred Stock, as applicable,
or to or through a market maker or any other method permitted by law, including, without limitation, negotiated transactions and block
trades. Shares of Series C Preferred Stock and/or Series D Preferred Stock sold under the Preferred ATM Program are offered and sold
pursuant to the Company s 2020 Registration Statement and pursuant to the Company s prospectus dated June 1, 2020 included
in the 2020 Registration Statement and the related prospectus supplement dated July 22, 2020. The Preferred ATM Program replaced the
Company s previous at-the-market sales program for its Series C Preferred Stock and/or Series D Preferred Stock. On August 22,
2022, the Company disclosed that in light of the redemption of the Company s Series C Preferred Stock, it does not intend to issue
any new shares of Series C Preferred Stock and accordingly any future sales under the Preferred ATM Program would solely be shares of
Series D Preferred Stock. During the year ended December 31, 2022, shares of Series D Preferred Stock were issued and sold at
a weighted average price of per share, generating total gross proceeds of million and total net proceeds of million,
after offering expenses. As of December 31, 2022, million in shares of Series D Preferred Stock remained eligible for sale under
the Preferred ATM Program. 

On
January 10, 2023, the Company entered into a new Preferred Stock At-The-Market Sales Program 2023 Preferred ATM Program (see Note 17). 

June 30 

September 30 

December 31 

These
amounts do not include the discount on shares purchased through the Company s DRIP. 

On
January 11, 2023, the Company declared a increase in the cash dividend, raising it from a quarterly per share to per
share, beginning with the dividend to be paid on to shareholders of record as of the close of business on . 

Preferred
Stock 

The
following dividends were paid to holders of our Series C Preferred Stock during the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 (in
thousands except per share amounts) : 

Declaration 
 Date 
 Record Date 
 Payment Date 
 Dividend 
 Dividend 
 per Share 

The
following dividends were paid to holders of our Series D Preferred Stock during the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 (in
thousands except per share amounts) : 

Declaration 
 Date 
 Record Date 
 Payment Date 
 Dividend 
 Dividend 
 per Share 

Declaration 
 Date 
 Record Date 
 Payment Date 
 Dividend 
 Dividend 
 per Share 

On
January 11, 2023, the Board of Directors declared a quarterly dividend of per share for the period from December 1, 2022 through
February 28, 2023, on the Company s Series D Preferred Stock payable to shareholders of record as of the close of
business on . 

Capital gains 

Return of capital 

Preferred Stock - Series B 

Ordinary income 

Capital gains 

Return of capital 

Preferred Stock - Series C 

Ordinary income 

Capital gains 

Return of capital 

2022 
 2021 
 2020 

Amount 
 Percent 
 Amount 
 Percent 
 Amount 
 Percent 

Preferred Stock - Series D 

Ordinary income 

Capital gains 

Return of capital 

In
addition to the above, taxable income from non-REIT activities conducted by S F, a Taxable REIT Subsidiary TRS ), is
subject to federal, state and local income taxes. Deferred income taxes pertaining to S F are accounted for using the asset and liability
method. Under this method, deferred income taxes are recognized for temporary differences between the financial reporting bases of assets
and liabilities and their respective tax bases and for operating loss and tax credit carryforwards based on enacted tax rates expected
to be in effect when such amounts are realized or settled. However, deferred tax assets are recognized only to the extent that it is
more likely than not that they will be realized based on consideration of available evidence, including tax planning strategies and other
factors. For the year ended December 31, 2022, S F had operating income for financial reporting purposes of . For the years
ended December 31, 2021 and 2020, S F had operating losses for financial reporting purposes of million and , respectively.
Therefore, a valuation allowance has been established against any deferred tax assets relating to S F. For the years ended December
31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, S F recorded , and , respectively, in federal, state and franchise taxes. 

to of the amount under each such loan, subject to certain adjustments. This agreement may be terminated by either party with
30 days written notice. As of December 31, 2022 the total loan balance under this agreement was approximately 
 million. Additionally, 21st Mortgage previously made loans to purchasers in certain communities we acquired. In conjunction with
these acquisitions, the Company has agreed to purchase from 21st Mortgage each repossessed home, if those purchasers default on their
loans. The purchase price ranges from to of the amount under each such loan, subject to certain adjustments. As of December
31, 2022, the total loan balance owed to 21st Mortgage with respect to homes in these acquired communities was approximately 
 million. Although this agreement is still active, this program is not being utilized by the Company s new customers as a
source of financing. 

S F
entered into a Chattel Loan Origination, Sale and Servicing Agreement COP Program with Triad Financial Services, effective
January 1, 2016. Neither the Company, nor S F, receive referral fees or other cash compensation under the agreement. Customer loan
applications are initially submitted to Triad for consideration by Triad s portfolio of outside lenders. If a loan application
does not meet the criteria for outside financing, the application is then considered for financing under the COP Program. If the loan
is approved under the COP Program, then it is originated by Triad, assigned to S F and then assigned by S F to the Company. Included
in Notes and Other Receivables is approximately million of loans that the Company acquired under the COP Program as of December
31, 2022. 

The
Company and one of its subsidiaries are parties to a Limited Liability Company Agreement dated as of December 8, 2021 with an affiliate
of Nuveen, which governs the joint venture between the Company and Nuveen. The LLC Agreement provides for the parties to initially fund
up to million of equity capital for acquisitions during a -month commitment period, with Nuveen having the option, subject to certain
conditions, to elect to increase the parties total commitments by up to an additional million and to extend the commitment
period for up to an additional . The Company is required to fund of the committed capital and Nuveen is required to fund
 . All such funding will be on a parity basis. 

The Company and Nuveen are continuing to seek opportunities to acquire
additional manufactured housing and/or recreational vehicle communities that are under development and/or newly developed and meet certain
other investment guidelines. The Company and Nuveen have informally agreed that any future acquisitions would be made by one or more new
joint venture entities to be formed for that purpose and that the existing joint venture entity formed in December 2021 will not consummate
additional acquisitions but will maintain its existing property portfolio. While the terms and conditions of such new joint venture entities
have not been fully negotiated, it is expected that invested capital would continue to be funded by Nuveen and by the Company
on a parity basis and that other terms would be similar to those of the existing joint venture, except that the amounts of the parties 
respective capital commitments will be determined on a property-by-property basis. (See Note 5). 

Equity Securities - Common Stock 

Total 

December 31, 2021: 

Equity Securities - Preferred Stock 

Equity Securities - Common Stock 

Total 

In
addition to the Company s investment in Marketable Securities at Fair Value, the Company is required to disclose certain information
about fair values of its other financial instruments, as defined in ASC 825-10, Financial Instruments. Estimates of fair value are made
at a specific point in time, based upon, where available, relevant market prices and information about the financial instrument. Such
estimates do not include any premium or discount that could result from offering for sale at one time the Company s entire holdings
of a particular financial instrument. All of the Company s marketable securities have quoted market prices. However, for a portion
of the Company s other financial instruments, no quoted market value exists. Therefore, estimates of fair value are necessarily
based on a number of significant assumptions (many of which involve events outside the control of management). Such assumptions include
assessments of current economic conditions, perceived risks associated with these financial instruments and their counterparties, future
expected loss experience and other factors. Given the uncertainties surrounding these assumptions, the reported fair values represent
estimates only and, therefore, cannot be compared to the historical accounting model. Use of different assumptions or methodologies is
likely to result in significantly different fair value estimates. 

The
fair value of cash and cash equivalents and notes receivables approximates their current carrying amounts since all such items are short-term
in nature. The fair value of marketable securities is primarily based upon quoted market values. The fair value of variable rate mortgages
payable and loans payable approximate their current carrying amounts since such amounts payable are at approximately a weighted average
current market rate of interest. The estimated fair value of fixed rate mortgage notes payable is based on discounting the future cash
flows at a year-end risk adjusted borrowing rate currently available to the Company for issuance of debt with similar terms and remaining
maturities. These fair value measurements fall within level 2 of the fair value hierarchy. As of December 31, 2022, the fair and carrying
value of fixed rate mortgages payable amounted to million and million, respectively. As of December 31, 2021, the fair
and carrying value of fixed rate mortgages payable amounted to million and million, respectively. 

million, million and million, respectively.
Interest cost capitalized to land development during the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 was million, million
and million, respectively. 

During
the year ended December 31, 2020, the Company assumed mortgages totaling million, for the acquisition of a community. 

During
the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, land development costs of million, million and million, respectively
were transferred to investment property and equipment and placed in service. 

During
the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, the Company had dividend reinvestments of million, million and million,
respectively which required no cash transfers. 

million shares of its Common Stock under the 2022 Common ATM Program at
a weighted average price of per share, generating gross proceeds of million and net proceeds of million, after offering
expenses. As of February 10, 2023, million of Common Stock remained eligible for sale under the 2022 Common ATM Program. 

Preferred
ATM Program 

On
January 10, 2023, the Company entered into an At Market Issuance Sales Agreement 2023 Preferred ATM Program with B.
Riley Securities, Inc., as distribution agent (the Distribution Agent under which the Company may offer and sell
shares of the Company s 
Series D Cumulative Redeemable Preferred Stock, 
par value per share, with a liquidation preference of 
per share (the Series D Preferred Stock ), having an aggregate sales price of up to 
million from time to time through the Distribution Agent, as agent or principal. Sales of the shares of Series D Preferred
Stock under the Sales Agreement, if any, will be in at the market offerings as defined in Rule 415 under the
Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act ), including, without limitation, sales made directly on or
through the New York Stock Exchange (the NYSE or on any other existing trading market for the Series D Preferred
Stock, as applicable, or to or through a market maker or any other method permitted by law, including, without limitation,
negotiated transactions and block trades. The Distribution Agent is not required to sell any specific number or dollar amount of
securities, but will use its commercially reasonable efforts consistent with its normal trading and sales practices, on mutually
agreed terms between the Distribution Agent and the Company. 

Since
January 1, 2023, the Company issued and sold an additional 
shares of its Preferred Stock under the 2023 Preferred ATM Program at a weighted average price of per
share, generating gross proceeds of million
and net proceeds of million,
after offering expenses. As of February 17 , 2023, million
of Preferred Stock remained eligible for sale under the 2023 Preferred ATM Program. 

Restricted
Stock Awards 

On
January 11, 2023, the Company awarded approximately shares of restricted stock to five employees. 

Employment
Agreements 

On
January 11, 2023, the Company entered into employment agreements with Mr. Samuel A. Landy, Ms. Anna T. Chew, Mr. Craig Koster and Mr.
Brett Taft. The agreements are effective as of January 1, 2023 and have initial terms of three years which will be renewed automatically
thereafter for additional successive one (1) year terms commencing on the third anniversary and each subsequent anniversary of the effective
date unless otherwise terminated pursuant to the terms of each agreement. The agreements provide for base compensation, incentive bonuses,
long term equity compensation awards, which shall be subject to performance-based and time-based vesting requirements, compensation on
termination, including change of control, and certain customary fringe benefits, including vacation, life insurance and health benefits
and the right to participate in the Company s 401(k) retirement plan. 

Acquisitions 

On
January 19, 2023, the Company acquired Mighty Oak, a newly developed all-age, manufactured home community located in Albany, Georgia,
for approximately million through the Company s OZ Fund. This community contains a total of developed homesites that are
situated on approximately acres. 

Loans
and Mortgages Payable 

On
February 24, 2023, the Company amended its unsecured line of credit to expand available borrowings from million to million. 

On
February 27, 2023, the Company paid off a mortgage of approximately million with proceeds from additional borrowings on our lines
of credit of million, in addition to available cash on hand. 

Community Operating Expenses 

Net Income (Loss) Attributable to Common Shareholders 

Net Income (Loss) Attributable to Common Shareholders per Share: 

Basic 

Diluted 

- 101 - 

UMH
PROPERTIES, INC. 

Arbor Estates 
 Doylestown, PA 
 - 
 (2 

Auburn Estates 
 Orrville, OH 

Bayshore Estates 
 Sandusky, OH 

Birchwood Farms 
 Birch Run, MI 
 - 
 (2 

Boardwalk 
 Elkhart, IN 
 
 (6 

Broadmore Estates 
 Goshen, IN 
 
 (2 

Brookside 
 Berwick, PA 
 - 
 (4 

Brookview 
 Greenfield Ctr, NY 

Camelot Village 
 Anderson, IN 
 - 
 (7 

Camelot Woods 
 Altoona, PA 

Candlewick Court 
 Owosso, MI 

Carsons 
 Chambersburg, PA 
 
 (1 

Catalina 
 Middletown, OH 

Cedarcrest 
 Vineland, NJ 

Center Manor 
 Monaca, Pa 

Chambersburg 
 Chambersburg, PA 
 - 
 (1 

Chelsea 
 Sayre, PA 
 - 
 (3 

Cinnamon Woods 
 Conowingo, MD 
 - 
 (1 

City View 
 Lewistown, PA 

Clinton 
 Tiffin, OH 

Collingwood 
 Horseheads, NY 
 - 
 (1 

Colonial Heights 
 Wintersville, OH 
 - 
 (2 

Countryside Estates 
 Muncie, IN 

Countryside Estates 
 Ravenna, OH 
 - 
 (1 

Countryside Village 
 Columbia, TN 
 
 (1 

Cranberry 
 Cranberry Twp, PA 

Crestview 
 Athens, PA 
 - 
 (1 

Cross Keys 
 Duncansville, PA 

Crossroads Village 
 Mount Pleasant, PA 
 - 
 (1 

D R 
 Clifton Park, NY 

Dallas Mobile Home 
 Toronto,OH 
 - 
 (1 

Deer Meadows 
 New Springfield,OH 
 - 
 (1 

Deer Run 
 Dothan, AL 

Evergreen Estates 
 Lodi,OH 
 - 
 (1 

Evergreen Manor 
 Bedford, OH 

Evergreen Village 
 Mantua, OH 
 - 
 (1 

Fairview Manor 
 Millville, NJ 

Fifty One Estates 
 Elizabeth, PA 
 - 
 (1 

Fohl Village 
 Canton, OH 

Forest Creek 
 Elkhart, IN 
 - 
 (2 

Forest Park 
 Cranberry Twp, PA 

Fox Chapel Village 
 Cheswick, PA 

Frieden Manor 
 Schuylkill Haven, PA 
 
 (3 

Friendly Village 
 Perrysburg, OH 

Garden View Estates 
 Orangeburg, SC 

Green Acres 
 Chambersburg, PA 

Gregory Courts 
 Honey Brook, PA 
 - 
 (2 

UMH PROPERTIES, INC. 

 SCHEDULE III 

 REAL
ESTATE AND ACCUMULATED DEPRECIATION 

DECEMBER 31, 2022 (in thousands) 

Column A 
 Column B 
 
 Column C 
 Column D 
 
 Description 

Initial Cost 

Site, Land 

Building 
 Capitalization 

Improvements 
 Subsequent to 
 
 Name 
 Location 
 Encumbrances 
 
 Land 
 and Rental Homes 
 Acquisition 

Hayden Heights 
 Dublin,OH 

Heather Highlands 
 Inkerman, PA 

Hidden Creek 
 Erie, MI 

High View Acres 
 Export, PA 
 - 
 (1 

Highland 
 Elkhart, IN 
 - 
 (2 

Highland Estates 
 Kutztown, PA 

Hillcrest Crossing 
 Lower Burrell, PA 
 - 
 (1 

Hillcrest Estates 
 Marysville, OH 
 - 
 (1 

Hillside Estates 
 Greensburg, PA 
 - 
 (5 

Holiday Mobile Village 
 Nashville, TN 

Holiday Village 
 Elkhart, IN 

Holly Acres 
 Erie, PA 

Hudson Estates 
 Peninsula, OH 
 - 
 (1 

Huntingdon Pointe 
 Tarrs, PA 
 - 
 (1 

Independence Park 
 Clinton, PA 
 
 (5 

Iris Winds 
 Sumter, SC 

Kinnebrook 
 Monticello, NY 

La Vista Estates 
 Dothan, AL 

Lake Erie Estates 
 Fredonia, NY 

Lake Sherman 
 Navarre, OH 

Lakeview Meadows 
 Lakeview, OH 
 - 
 (1 

Laurel Woods 
 Cresson, PA 

Little Chippewa 
 Orrville, OH 

Mandell Trails 
 Butler, PA 

Maple Manor 
 Taylor, PA 
 
 (4 

Marysville Estates 
 Marysville, OH 
 - 
 (1 

Meadowood 
 New Middletown, OH 
 - 
 (2 

Meadows 
 Nappanee, IN 

Meadows of Perrysburg 
 Perrysburg, OH 

Melrose Village 
 Wooster, OH 

Melrose West 
 Wooster, OH 

Memphis Blues 
 Memphis, TN 

Monroe Valley 
 Jonestown, PA 
 - 
 (3 

Moosic Heights 
 Avoca, PA 
 - 
 (4 

Mount Pleasant Village 
 Mount Pleasant, PA 
 - 
 (1 

Mountaintop 
 Narvon, PA 
 - 
 (3 

New Colony 
 West Mifflin, PA 
 - 
 (1 

Northtowne Meadows 
 Erie, MI 

Oak Ridge 
 Elkhart, IN 
 - 
 (2 

Oak Tree 
 Jackson, NJ 

Oakwood Lake 
 Tunkhannock, PA 

Olmsted Falls 
 Olmsted Falls, OH 

Oxford 
 West Grove, PA 

Parke Place 
 Elkhart, IN 
 - 
 (6 

Perrysburg Estates 
 Perrysburg, OH 

Pikewood Manor 
 Elyria, OH 

Pine Ridge/Pine Manor 
 Carlisle, PA 

Pine Valley 
 Apollo, PA 

Pleasant View 
 Bloomsburg, PA 
 - 
 (4 

Port Royal 
 Belle Vernon, PA 

Redbud Estates 
 Anderson, IN 
 
 (7 

River Valley 
 Marion, OH 

Rolling Hills Estates 
 Carlisle, PA 
 - 
 (1 

Rostraver Estates 
 Belle Vernon, PA 
 - 
 (5 

Sandy Valley 
 Magnolia, OH 

Shady Hills 
 Nashville, TN 

Somerset/Whispering 
 Somerset, PA 
 - 
 (1 

Southern Terrace 
 Columbiana, OH 
 - 
 (2 

UMH PROPERTIES, INC. 

 SCHEDULE III 

 REAL ESTATE AND ACCUMULATED DEPRECIATION 

 DECEMBER 31, 2022 (in thousands) 

Column A 
 Column B 
 
 Column C 
 Column D 
 
 Description 

Initial Cost 

Site, Land 

Building 
 Capitalization 

Improvements 
 Subsequent to 
 
 Name 
 Location 
 Encumbrances 
 
 Land 
 and Rental Homes 
 Acquisition 

Southwind 
 Jackson, NJ 
 
 (8 

Spreading Oaks 
 Athens, OH 

Springfield Meadows 
 Springfield, OH 

Suburban Estates 
 Greensburg, PA 

Summit Estates 
 Ravenna, OH 
 - 
 (1 

Summit Village 
 Marion, IN 

Sunny Acres 
 Somerset, PA 

Sunnyside 
 Eagleville, PA 
 - 
 (2 

Trailmont 
 Goodlettsville, TN 

Twin Oaks 
 Olmsted Falls, OH 

Twin Pines 
 Goshen, IN 
 - 
 (2 

Valley High 
 Ruffs Dale, PA 
 - 
 (5 

Valley Hills 
 Ravenna, OH 

Valley Stream 
 Mountaintop, PA 

Valley View HB 
 Honeybrook, PA 
 - 
 (2 

Valley View I 
 Ephrata, PA 
 - 
 (3 

Valley View II 
 Ephrata, PA 
 - 
 (3 

Voyager Estates 
 West Newton, PA 
 - 
 (1 

Waterfalls 
 Hamburg, NY 

Wayside 
 Bellefontaine, OH 
 - 
 (1 

Weatherly Estates 
 Lebanon, TN 

Wellington Estates 
 Export, PA 

Wood Valley 
 Caledonia, OH 

Woodland Manor 
 West Monroe, NY 
 - 
 (1 

Woodlawn 
 Eatontown, NJ 
 - 
 (8 

Woods Edge 
 West Lafayette, IN 

Worthington Arms 
 Lewis Center, OH 

Youngstown Estates 
 Youngstown, NY 

UMH
PROPERTIES, INC. 

 SCHEDULE
III 

 REAL
ESTATE AND ACCUMULATED DEPRECIATION 

 DECEMBER
31, 2022 (in thousands) 

Column A 
 Column E (9) (10) 
 Column F 
 
 Description 
 Gross Amount at Which Carried at 12/31/22 

Site, Land 

Building 

Improvements 
 
 Accumulated 
 
 Name 
 Location 
 Land 
 and Rental Homes 
 Total 
 Depreciation 

Allentown 
 Memphis, TN 

Arbor Estates 
 Doylestown, PA 

Auburn Estates 
 Orrville, OH 

Bayshore Estates 
 Sandusky, OH 

Birchwood Farms 
 Birch Run, MI 

Boardwalk 
 Elkhart, IN 

Broadmore Estates 
 Goshen, IN 

Brookside 
 Berwick, PA 

Brookview 
 Greenfield Ctr, NY 

Camelot Village 
 Anderson, IN 

Camelot Woods 
 Altoona, PA 

Candlewick Court 
 Owosso, MI 

Carsons 
 Chambersburg, PA 

Catalina 
 Middletown, OH 

Cedarcrest 
 Vineland, NJ 

Center Manor 
 Monaca, Pa 

Chambersburg 
 Chambersburg, PA 

Chelsea 
 Sayre, PA 

Cinnamon Woods 
 Conowingo, MD 

City View 
 Lewistown, PA 

Clinton 
 Tiffin, OH 

Collingwood 
 Horseheads, NY 

Colonial Heights 
 Wintersville, OH 

Countryside Estates 
 Muncie, IN 

Countryside Estates 
 Ravenna, OH 

Countryside Village 
 Columbia, TN 

Cranberry 
 Cranberry Twp, PA 

Crestview 
 Athens, PA 

Cross Keys 
 Duncansville, PA 

Crossroads Village 
 Mount Pleasant, PA 

D R 
 Clifton Park, NY 

Dallas Mobile Home 
 Toronto,OH 

Deer Meadows 
 New Springfield,OH 

Deer Run 
 Dothan, AL 

Evergreen Estates 
 Lodi,OH 

Evergreen Manor 
 Bedford, OH 

Evergreen Village 
 Mantua, OH 

Fairview Manor 
 Millville, NJ 

Fifty One Estates 
 Elizabeth, PA 

Fohl Village 
 Canton, OH 

Forest Creek 
 Elkhart, IN 

Forest Park 
 Cranberry Twp, PA 

Fox Chapel Village 
 Cheswick, PA 

Frieden Manor 
 Schuylkill Haven, PA 

Friendly Village 
 Perrysburg, OH 

Garden View Estates 
 Orangeburg, SC 

Green Acres 
 Chambersburg, PA 

Gregory Courts 
 Honey Brook, PA 

Hayden Heights 
 Dublin,OH 

Heather Highlands 
 Inkerman, PA 

Hidden Creek 
 Erie, MI 

High View Acres 
 Export, PA 

Highland 
 Elkhart, IN 

UMH
PROPERTIES, INC. 

 SCHEDULE
III 

 REAL
ESTATE AND ACCUMULATED DEPRECIATION 

 DECEMBER
31, 2022 (in thousands) 

Column A 
 Column E (9) (10) 
 Column F 
 
 Description 
 Gross Amount at Which Carried at 12/31/22 

Site, Land 

Building 

Improvements 
 
 Accumulated 
 
 Name 
 Location 
 Land 
 and Rental Homes 
 Total 
 Depreciation 

Highland Estates 
 Kutztown, PA 

Hillcrest Crossing 
 Lower Burrell, PA 

Hillcrest Estates 
 Marysville, OH 

Hillside Estates 
 Greensburg, PA 

Holiday Mobile Village 
 Nashville, TN 

Holiday Village 
 Elkhart, IN 

Holly Acres 
 Erie, PA 

Hudson Estates 
 Peninsula, OH 

Huntingdon Pointe 
 Tarrs, PA 

Independence Park 
 Clinton, PA 

Iris Winds 
 Sumter, SC 

Kinnebrook 
 Monticello, NY 

La Vista Estates 
 Dothan, AL 

Lake Erie Estates 
 Fredonia, NY 

Lake Sherman 
 Navarre, OH 

Lakeview Meadows 
 Lakeview, OH 

Laurel Woods 
 Cresson, PA 

Little Chippewa 
 Orrville, OH 

Mandell Trails 
 Butler, PA 

Maple Manor 
 Taylor, PA 

Marysville Estates 
 Marysville, OH 

Meadowood 
 New Middletown, OH 

Meadows 
 Nappanee, IN 

Meadows of Perrysburg 
 Perrysburg, OH 

Melrose Village 
 Wooster, OH 

Melrose West 
 Wooster, OH 

Memphis Blues 
 Memphis, TN 

Monroe Valley 
 Jonestown, PA 

Moosic Heights 
 Avoca, PA 

Mount Pleasant Village 
 Mount Pleasant, PA 

Mountaintop 
 Narvon, PA 

New Colony 
 West Mifflin, PA 

Northtowne Meadows 
 Erie, MI 

Oak Ridge 
 Elkhart, IN 

Oak Tree 
 Jackson, NJ 

Oakwood Lake 
 Tunkhannock, PA 

Olmsted Falls 
 Olmsted Falls, OH 

Oxford 
 West Grove, PA 

Parke Place 
 Elkhart, IN 

Perrysburg Estates 
 Perrysburg, OH 

Pikewood Manor 
 Elyria, OH 

Pine Ridge/Pine Manor 
 Carlisle, PA 

Pine Valley 
 Apollo, PA 

Pleasant View 
 Bloomsburg, PA 

Port Royal 
 Belle Vernon, PA 

Redbud Estates 
 Anderson, IN 

River Valley 
 Marion, OH 

Rolling Hills Estates 
 Carlisle, PA 

Rostraver Estates 
 Belle Veron, PA 

Sandy Valley 
 Magnolia, OH 

Shady Hills 
 Nashville, TN 

Somerset/Whispering 
 Somerset, PA 

Southern Terrace 
 Columbiana, OH 

UMH
PROPERTIES, INC. 

 SCHEDULE
III 

 REAL
ESTATE AND ACCUMULATED DEPRECIATION 

 DECEMBER
31, 2022 (in thousands) 

Column A 
 Column E (9) (10) 
 Column F 
 
 Description 
 Gross Amount at Which Carried at 12/31/22 

Site, Land 

Building 

Improvements 
 
 Accumulated 
 
 Name 
 Location 
 Land 
 and Rental Homes 
 Total 
 Depreciation 

Southwind 
 Jackson, NJ 

Spreading Oaks 
 Athens, OH 

Springfield Meadows 
 Springfield, OH 

Suburban Estates 
 Greensburg, PA 

Summit Estates 
 Ravenna, OH 

Summit Village 
 Marion, IN 

Sunny Acres 
 Somerset, PA 

Sunnyside 
 Eagleville, PA 

Trailmont 
 Goodlettsville, TN 

Twin Oaks 
 Olmsted Falls, OH 

Twin Pines 
 Goshen, IN 

Valley High 
 Ruffs Dale, PA 

Valley Hills 
 Ravenna, OH 

Valley Stream 
 Mountaintop, PA 

Valley View HB 
 Honeybrook, PA 

Valley View I 
 Ephrata, PA 

Valley View II 
 Ephrata, PA 

Voyager Estates 
 West Newton, PA 

Waterfalls 
 Hamburg, NY 

Wayside 
 Bellefontaine, OH 

Weatherly Estates 
 Lebanon, TN 

Wellington Estates 
 Export, PA 

Wood Valley 
 Caledonia, OH 

Woodland Manor 
 West Monroe, NY 

Woodlawn 
 Eatontown, NJ 

Woods Edge 
 West Lafayette, IN 

Worthington Arms 
 Lewis Center, OH 

Youngstown Estates 
 Youngstown, NY 

UMH
PROPERTIES, INC. 

 SCHEDULE
III 

 REAL
ESTATE AND ACCUMULATED DEPRECIATION 

 DECEMBER
31, 2022 

Column A 
 Column G 
 Column H 
 Column I 
 
 Description 

Date of 
 Date 
 Depreciable 
 
 Name 
 Location 
 Construction 
 Acquired 
 Life 

Allentown 

Arbor Estates 

Auburn Estates 

Bayshore Estates 

Birchwood Farms 

Boardwalk 

Broadmore Estates 

Brookside 

Brookview 

Camelot Village 

Camelot Woods 

Candlewick Court 

Carsons 

Catalina 

Cedarcrest 

Center Manor 

Chambersburg 

Chelsea 

Cinnamon Woods 

City View 

Clinton 

Collingwood 

Colonial Heights 

Countryside Estates 

Countryside Estates 

Countryside Village 

Cranberry 

Crestview 

Cross Keys 

Crossroads Village 

D R 

Dallas Mobile Home 

Deer Meadows 

Deer Run 

Evergreen Estates 

Evergreen Manor 

Evergreen Village 

Fairview Manor 

Fifty One Estates 

Fohl Village 

Forest Creek 

Forest Park 

Fox Chapel Village 

Frieden Manor 

Friendly Village 

Garden View Estates 

Green Acres 

Gregory Courts 

Hayden Heights 

Heather Highlands 

Hidden Creek 

High View Acres 

Highland 

UMH
PROPERTIES, INC. 

 SCHEDULE
III 

 REAL
ESTATE AND ACCUMULATED DEPRECIATION 

 DECEMBER
31, 2022 

Column A 
 Column G 
 Column H 
 Column I 
 
 Description 

Date of 
 Date 
 Depreciable 
 
 Name 
 Location 
 Construction 
 Acquired 
 Life 

Highland Estates 

Hillcrest Crossing 

Hillcrest Estates 

Hillside Estates 

Holiday Mobile Village 

Holiday Village 

Holly Acres 

Hudson Estates 

Huntingdon Pointe 

Independence Park 

Iris Winds 

Kinnebrook 

La Vista Estates 

Lake Erie Estates 

Lake Sherman 

Lakeview Meadows 

Laurel Woods 

Little Chippewa 

Mandell Trails 

Maple Manor 

Marysville Estates 

Meadowood 

Meadows 

Meadows of Perrysburg 

Melrose Village 

Melrose West 

Memphis Blues 

Monroe Valley 

Moosic Heights 

Mount Pleasant Village 

Mountaintop 

New Colony 

Northtowne Meadows 

Oak Ridge 

Oak Tree 

Oakwood Lake 

Olmsted Falls 

Oxford 

Parke Place 

Perrysburg Estates 

Pikewood Manor 

Pine Ridge/Pine Manor 

Pine Valley 

Pleasant View 

Port Royal 

Redbud Estates 

River Valley 

Rolling Hills Estates 

Rostraver Estates 

Sandy Valley 

Shady Hills 

Somerset/Whispering 

Southern Terrace 

Southwind 

Spreading Oaks 

Springfield Meadows 

UMH
PROPERTIES, INC. 

 SCHEDULE
III 

 REAL
ESTATE AND ACCUMULATED DEPRECIATION 

 DECEMBER
31, 2022 

Column A 
 Column G 
 Column H 
 Column I 
 
 Description 

Date of 
 Date 
 Depreciable 
 
 Name 
 Location 
 Construction 
 Acquired 
 Life 

Suburban Estates 

Summit Estates 

Summit Village 

Sunny Acres 

Sunnyside 

Trailmont 

Twin Oaks 

Twin Pines 

Valley High 

Valley Hills 

Valley Stream 

Valley View HB 

Valley View I 

Valley View II 

Voyager Estates 

Waterfalls 

Wayside 

Weatherly Estates 

Wellington Estates 

Wood Valley 

Woodland Manor 

Woodlawn 

Woods Edge 

Worthington Arms 

Youngstown Estates 

UMH PROPERTIES, INC. 

 SCHEDULE
III 

 REAL
ESTATE AND ACCUMULATED DEPRECIATION 

 DECEMBER
31, 2022 

(1) 

(2) 

(3) 

(4) 

(5) 

(6) 

(7) 

(8) 

(9) 

(10) 

12/31/22 
 12/31/21 
 12/31/20 

/ -FIXED ASSETS / (in thousands) 

12/31/22 
 12/31/21 
 12/31/20 

Balance Beginning of Year 

Additions: 

Acquisitions 

Improvements 

Total Additions 

Deletions 

Balance End of Year 

12/31/22 
 12/31/21 
 12/31/20 

/ ACCUMULATED DEPRECIATION / 

 (in thousands) 

12/31/22 
 12/31/21 
 12/31/20 

Balance Beginning of Year 

Additions: 

Depreciation 

Total Additions 

Deletions 

Balance End of Year 

(10) 

<EX-4.4>
 2
 ex4-4.htm

Exhibit 4.4 

DESCRIPTION OF SECURITIES 

 REGISTERED PURSUANT TO SECTION 12 OF THE 

 SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

In this Exhibit 4.4, we ,
 us , our , UMH or the Company , refers to UMH Properties, Inc. 

As of December 31, 2022, the Company s
authorized capital stock consisted of 170,413,800 shares, classified as 154,048,469shares of common stock, par value 0.10 per share Common
Stock ), 199,331 shares of 8.00 Series B Cumulative Redeemable Preferred Stock, par value 0.01 per share Series B Preferred
Stock ), 3,866,000 shares of 6.75 Series C Cumulative Redeemable Preferred Stock, par value 0.01 per share Series C Preferred
Stock ), 9,300,000 shares of 6.375 Series D Cumulative Redeemable Preferred Stock, par value 0.01 per share Series D Preferred
Stock ), and 3,000,000 shares of excess stock, par value 0.01 per share Excess Stock ). On January 10, 2023, the
Company filed with the State Department of Assessments and Taxation of the State of Maryland articles supplementary (the Articles
Supplementary reclassifying and designating 4,400,000 shares of the Company s Common Stock as shares of Series D Preferred
Stock. After giving effect to the filing of the Articles Supplementary on January 10, 2023, the authorized capital stock of the Company
consists of 170,413,800 shares, classified as 149,648,469 shares of Common Stock, 199,331 shares of Series B Preferred Stock, 3,866,000
shares of Series C Preferred Stock, 13,700,000 shares of Series D Preferred Stock and 3,000,000 shares of Excess Stock. 

As of February [___], 2023, [__________]
shares of Common Stock are outstanding, no shares of Series B Preferred Stock are outstanding, no shares of Series C Preferred Stock are
outstanding, [___________] shares of Series D Preferred Stock are outstanding, and no shares of Excess Stock are outstanding. 

The Company previously redeemed
all outstanding shares of the Series B Preferred Stock and Series C Preferred Stock and does not intend to issue any new shares of the
Series B Preferred Stock or Series C Preferred Stock. 

The Excess Stock is designed to
help us protect our status as a REIT under the Internal Revenue Code. 

Under the Maryland General Corporation
Law MGCL and our charter, a majority of our entire Board of Directors has the power, without action by holders of our
Common Stock, to increase or decrease the aggregate number of shares of stock or the number of shares of stock of any class or series
that we have the authority to issue. Our Board of Directors is also authorized under the MGCL and our charter to classify and reclassify
any unissued shares of our Common Stock, preferred stock and Excess Stock into other classes, including classification into a class or
classes of preferred stock, preference stock, special stock or other stock, and to divide or classify shares into one or more series of
such class. These actions can be taken without stockholder approval, unless stockholder approval is required by applicable law or the
rules of any stock exchange or automated quotation system on which shares of our stock may be listed or traded. Before issuance of shares
of each class or series, our Board of Directors is required by the MGCL and our charter to set, subject to restrictions in our charter
on transfer of our stock, the terms, preferences, conversion or other rights, voting powers, restrictions, limitations as to dividends
or other distributions, qualifications and terms and conditions of redemption for each class or series. 

UMH has two classes of securities
registered under Section 12 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ): (1) our Common Stock;
and (2) our Series D Preferred Stock. 

Our Common Stock and Series D
Preferred Stock are traded on the NYSE. In addition, since February 9, 2022, our Common Stock has also been traded on the Tel Aviv Stock
Exchange. 

The transfer agent and registrar
for our Common Stock and Series D Preferred Stock is American Stock Transfer Trust Company. 

Restrictions on Ownership and
Transfer 

To qualify as a real estate investment
trust REIT under the Internal Revenue Code (the Code ), we must satisfy a number of statutory requirements,
including a requirement that no more than 50 in value of our outstanding shares of stock may be owned, actually or constructively, by
five or fewer individuals (as defined by the Code to include certain entities) during the last half of a taxable year. In addition, if
we, or an actual or constructive owner of 10 or more of our company, actually or constructively owns 10 or more of a tenant of ours
(or a tenant of any partnership in which we are a partner), the rent we receive (either directly or through any such partnership) from
such tenant will not be qualifying income for purposes of the REIT gross income tests of the Code. Our capital stock must also be beneficially
owned by 100 or more persons during at least 335 days of a taxable year of twelve months or during a proportionate part of a shorter taxable
year. 

Our charter prohibits any transfer
of shares of our stock or any other change in our capital structure that would result in: 

any person directly or indirectly acquiring beneficial or constructive ownership of more than 9.8 (in
value or number of shares, whichever is more restrictive) of the outstanding shares of our stock (other than shares of Excess Stock); 

outstanding shares of our stock (other than shares of Excess Stock) being beneficially owned by fewer
than 100 persons; 

us being closely held within the meaning of Section 856 of the Code; or 

us otherwise failing to qualify as a REIT under the Code. 

Our charter requires that any
person who acquires or attempts to acquire shares of our stock (other than shares of Excess Stock), in violation of these restrictions,
which we refer to as the ownership limits, give immediate written notice, or in the event of a proposed or attempted transfer at least
15 days prior written notice, to us. If any person attempts to transfer shares of our stock, or attempts to cause any other event
to occur, that would result in a violation of the ownership limits, then, absent special permission from our Board of Directors: 

any proposed transfer will be void ab initio, the purported transferee of such shares will acquire no
interest in the shares and the shares that were subject to the attempted transfer or other event will, effective as of the close of business
on the business day before the date of the attempted transfer or other event, automatically, without action by us or any other person,
be converted into and exchanged for an equal number of shares of Excess Stock; 

we may redeem any outstanding shares of Excess Stock and, before the attempted transfer or other event
that results in a conversion into and exchange for shares of Excess Stock, any shares of our stock of any other class or series that are
attempted to be owned or transferred in violation of the ownership limits, at a price equal to the lesser of the price per share paid
in the attempted transfer or other event that violated the ownership limits and the last reported sales price of shares of such class
of our stock on the NYSE on the day we give notice of redemption or, if shares of such class of our stock are not then traded on the NYSE
the market price of such shares determined in accordance with our charter; and 

our Board of Directors may take any action it deems advisable to refuse to give effect to, or to prevent,
any such attempted transfer or other event. 

2 

Shares of Excess Stock will be
held in book entry form in the name of a trustee appointed by us to hold the excess shares for the benefit of one or more charitable beneficiaries
appointed by us and a beneficiary designated by the purported transferee, which we refer to as the designated beneficiary, whose ownership
of the shares of our stock that were converted into and exchanged for Excess Stock does not violate the ownership limits. The purported
transferee may not receive consideration in exchange for designating the designated beneficiary in an amount that exceeds the price per
share that the purported transferee paid for the shares of our stock converted into and exchanged for shares of Excess Stock or, if the
purported transferee did not give value for such shares, the market price of the shares on the date of the purported transfer or other
event resulting in the conversion and exchange. Any excess amounts received by the purported transferee as consideration for designating
the designated beneficiary must be paid to the trustee for the benefit of the charitable beneficiary. Upon the written designation of
a designated beneficiary and the waiver by us of our right to redeem the shares of Excess Stock, the trustee will transfer the shares
of Excess Stock to the designated beneficiary and, upon such transfer, the shares of Excess Stock will automatically be converted into
and exchanged for the number and class of shares of our stock as were converted into and exchanged for such shares of Excess Stock. Shares
of Excess Stock are not otherwise transferable. If the purported transferee attempts to transfer shares of our stock before discovering
that the shares have been converted into and exchanged for shares of Excess Stock, the shares will be deemed to have been sold on behalf
of the trust and any amount received by the purported transferee in excess of what the purported transferee would have been entitled to
receive as consideration for designating a designated beneficiary must be paid to the trustee on demand. 

Holders of shares of Excess Stock
are not entitled to vote on any matter submitted to a vote at a meeting of our stockholders. Upon the voluntary or involuntary liquidation,
dissolution or winding up of the company, the trustee must distribute to the designated beneficiary any amounts received as a distribution
on the shares of Excess Stock that do not exceed the price per share paid by the purported transferee in the transaction that created
the violation or, if the purported transferee did not give value for such shares, the market price of the shares of our stock that were
converted into and exchanged for shares of Excess Stock, on the date of the purported transfer or other event that resulted in such conversion
and exchange. Any amount received upon the voluntary or involuntary liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the company not payable
to the designated beneficiary, and any other dividends or distributions paid on shares of Excess Stock, will be distributed by the trustee
to the charitable beneficiary. 

Every holder of more than 1 of
the number or value of outstanding shares of our stock must give written notice to us stating the name and address of such owner, the
number of shares of stock beneficially or constructively owned and a description of the manner in which the shares are owned. Our Board
of Directors may, in its sole and absolute discretion, exempt certain persons from the ownership limitations contained in our charter
if ownership of shares of capital stock by such persons would not disqualify us as a REIT under the Code. 

Description of Common Stock 

The shares of Common Stock have
no preferences, conversion, sinking fund, redemption (except with respect to shares of Excess Stock) or preemptive rights to subscribe
for any of our securities. 

Voting Rights 

Holders of Common Stock are entitled
to one vote per share on all matters voted on by the holders of Common Stock, including the election of directors. Except as provided
with respect to any other class or series of capital stock, the holders of our Common Stock will possess the exclusive voting power. There
is no cumulative voting in the election of directors, which means that the holders of a plurality of the outstanding shares of Common
Stock can elect all of the directors then standing for election and the holders of the remaining shares of Common Stock, if any, will
not be able to elect any directors, except as otherwise provided for in any other class or series of our capital stock, including any
preferred stock. 

Distributions 

Subject to any preferential rights
granted to any class or series of our capital stock, including the Series D Preferred Stock, and to the provisions of our charter regarding
restrictions on transfer and ownership of shares of Common Stock, holders of our Common Stock will be entitled to receive dividends or
other distributions if, as and when authorized by our Board of Directors and declared by us out of funds legally available for dividends
or other distributions to stockholders. Subject to the provisions in our charter regarding restrictions on ownership and transfer, all
shares of our Common Stock have equal distribution rights. In the event of our liquidation, dissolution or winding up, after payment of,
or adequate provision for, all of our known debts and liabilities and after payment of any preferential amounts to any class of preferred
stock which may be outstanding, including the Series D Preferred Stock, and after payment of, or adequate provision for, all of our known
debts and liabilities, holders of Common Stock will be entitled to share ratably in all assets that we may legally distribute to our stockholders. 

3 

Other Rights and Preferences 

Our outstanding shares of Common
Stock are fully paid and nonassessable and will have no preferences, conversion, sinking fund, redemption rights (except with respect
to shares of Excess Stock, described above) or preemptive rights to subscribe for any of our capital stock. Our stockholders generally
have no appraisal rights unless our Board of Directors determines prospectively that appraisal rights will apply to one or more transactions
in which holders of our Common Stock would otherwise be entitled to exercise appraisal rights. 

Under Maryland law, holders of
our Common Stock will generally not be liable for our obligations solely as a result of their status as stockholders. 

Description of Preferred Stock 

General 

Shares of preferred stock may
be issued from time to time, in one or more series, as authorized by our Board of Directors. Before issuance of shares of each series,
the Board of Directors is required to fix for each such series, subject to the provisions of MGCL and our charter, the terms, preferences,
conversion and other rights, voting powers, restrictions, limitations as to dividends and other distributions and terms and conditions
of redemption, and such other matters as may be fixed by resolution of the Board of Directors or a duly authorized committee thereof. 

Our outstanding shares of Series
D Preferred Stock are fully paid and nonassessable and have no preemptive rights. Our preferred stock, like our Common Stock, is subject
to certain ownership restrictions designed to help us maintain our qualification as a REIT under the Code, which are described under Restrictions
on Ownership and Transfer. 

Under Maryland law, holders of
our preferred stock will not be liable for our obligations solely as a result of their status as stockholders. 

6.375 Series D Cumulative Redeemable Preferred
Stock 

Dividends on the outstanding shares
of Series D Preferred Stock are cumulative and are payable quarterly in arrears at the rate of 6.375 per annum of the 25.00 per share
liquidation preference, or an annual dividend of 1.59375 per share. The Series D Preferred Stock has no maturity and will remain outstanding
indefinitely unless redeemed or otherwise repurchased. Beginning January 22, 2023, we have the right, at any time, and from time to time,
to elect to redeem the Series D Preferred Stock, in whole or in part, at a cash redemption price of 25.00 per share, plus all accrued
and unpaid dividends (whether or not declared) to the date of redemption. 

In addition, upon the occurrence
of a Change of Control (as defined in the Articles Supplementary setting forth the terms of the Series D Preferred Stock on file with
the State Department of Assessments and Taxation of Maryland), or during any period of time that both (i) the Series D Preferred Stock
is not listed on the NYSE, the NYSE American LLC or the NASDAQ, or listed or quoted on a successor exchange or quotation system, and (ii)
we are not subject to the reporting requirements of the Exchange Act, but any Series D Preferred Stock is outstanding (a Series
D Delisting Event ), we may, subject to certain conditions and at our option, redeem the Series D Preferred Stock, in whole or in
part, within 120 days after the date of the Change of Control or 90 days after the date of the Series D Delisting Event, for a cash redemption
price per share of Series D Preferred Stock equal to 25.00 plus any accumulated and unpaid dividends thereon (whether or not declared)
to the date of redemption. 

Upon the occurrence of a Series
D Delisting Event or Change of Control, each holder of the Series D Preferred Stock will have the right to convert all or part of the
shares of the Series D Preferred Stock held into Common Stock, unless we elect to redeem the Series D Preferred Stock. Except as described
in the preceding sentence, the Series D Preferred Stock is not convertible into or exchangeable for any other securities or property. 

4 

We will not declare or pay or
set aside for payment any dividends (other than a dividend paid in shares of our Common Stock or any other class or series of shares that
ranks junior to the Series D Preferred Stock as to dividends and upon liquidation, dissolution or winding up) or declare or make any other
distribution of cash or other property on our Common Stock or any other class or series of shares that ranks junior to or on a parity
with our Series D Preferred Stock as to dividends and other distributions or redeem, purchase or otherwise acquire any shares of our Common
Stock or any other class or series of shares that ranks junior to or on a parity with the Series D Preferred Stock as to dividends and
other distributions (except by conversion into or exchange for shares of Common Stock or any other class or series of shares that ranks
junior to the Series D Preferred Stock as to dividends and upon liquidation, dissolution or winding up and except for the redemption or
acquisition of shares pursuant to the provisions of our charter relating to the restrictions upon ownership and transfer of our capital
stock), unless we have also paid or declared and set aside for payment full cumulative dividends on the Series D Preferred Stock for all
past dividend periods. 

The Series D Preferred Stock ranks
senior to our Common Stock with respect to distribution rights and rights upon voluntary or involuntary liquidation, dissolution or winding
up. In addition to other preferential rights, each holder of the Series D Preferred Stock is entitled to receive a liquidation preference,
which is equal to 25.00 per share of Series D Preferred Stock, plus any accumulated and unpaid distributions thereon (whether or not
declared), before the holders of our Common Stock or other junior securities receive any distributions in the event of any voluntary or
involuntary liquidation, dissolution or winding up. 

Holders of our Series D Preferred
Stock generally have no voting rights. However, if we fail to pay dividends on the outstanding shares of Series D Preferred Stock for
six or more quarterly periods, whether or not consecutive, holders of the Series D Preferred Stock (and all other series of preferred
stock ranking on a parity with the Series D Preferred Stock as to dividends or upon liquidation and which have similar voting rights,
voting together as a single class) will have the exclusive power, until all accumulated and unpaid dividends on the Series D Preferred
Stock have been fully paid or declared and set apart for payment, to elect two additional directors to our board of directors. Any director
so elected will serve on our board of directors until all accumulated and unpaid dividends on the Series D Preferred Stock and each such
other series of preferred stock have been fully paid or declared and set apart for payment. In addition, we may not authorize or issue
any class or series of shares ranking senior to the Series D Preferred Stock as to dividends or distributions upon liquidation (including
securities convertible into or exchangeable for any such senior class or series of shares) or amend our charter to materially and adversely
change the terms of the Series D Preferred Stock without the affirmative vote of the holders of at least two-thirds of the outstanding
shares of Series D Preferred Stock and of all other similarly-affected classes and series of our preferred stock ranking on a parity with
the Series D Preferred Stock as to dividends and upon liquidation and which have similar voting rights, voting together as a single class. 

5 

</EX-4.4>

<EX-10.14>
 3
 ex10-14.htm

Exhibit 10.14 

First
Amendment to Second Amended and Restated Credit Agreement 

This
First Amendment to Second Amended and Restated Credit Agreement (herein, this Amendment is entered into as of February
24, 2023, among UMH Properties, Inc. , a Maryland corporation, operating as a qualified
real estate investment trust under Sections 856 through 860 of the Code (the Borrower ), the Guarantors party hereto,
 Bank of Montreal BMO and JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. JPMorgan ),
as Lenders, and BMO, as Administrative Agent (in such capacity, the Administrative
Agent ). 

Preliminary
Statements 

A. The
Borrower, the Guarantors party thereto, the Lenders party thereto, and the Administrative Agent have heretofore entered into that certain
Second Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, dated as of November 7, 2022 (as amended, restated, supplemented or otherwise modified
from time to time, the Credit Agreement ). All capitalized terms used herein without definition shall have the same
meanings herein as such terms have in the Credit Agreement, as amended by this Amendment. 

B. The
Borrower has requested that the Lenders agree to increase the aggregate Commitments under the Credit Agreement from 100,000,000 to 180,000,000,
and the Administrative Agent and the Lenders are willing to do so pursuant to the terms below. 

C. This
Amendment shall constitute a Loan Document and these Preliminary Statements shall be construed as part of this Amendment. 

Now,
Therefore, for good and valuable consideration, the
receipt and sufficiency of which is hereby acknowledged, the parties hereto agree as follows: 

Section
1. Amendments to Credit Agreement. 

Subject
to the satisfaction of the conditions precedent set forth in Section 3 below, the Credit Agreement shall be and hereby is amended as
follows: 

1.1. Section
5.1 of the Credit Agreement (Definitions) shall be amended by amending and restating the definition of Commitment 
in its entirety to read as follows: 

Commitment 
 means, as to any Lender, the obligation of such Lender to make Loans and to participate in Letters of Credit issued for the account
of the Borrower hereunder in an aggregate principal or face amount at any one time outstanding not to exceed the amount set forth opposite
such Lender s name on Schedule 1 attached hereto and made a part hereof, as the same may be reduced or modified at any time or
from time to time pursuant to the terms hereof. The Borrower and the Lenders acknowledge and agree that the Commitments of the Lenders,
in the aggregate, are equal to 180,000,000 on the First Amendment Effective Date. 

1.2. Section
5.1 of the Credit Agreement (Definitions) shall be further amended by inserting a new definition of First Amendment Effective
Date therein in its appropriate alphabetical order to read as follows: 

First
Amendment Effective Date means February 24, 2023. 

1.3. Schedule
1 of the Credit Agreement (Commitments) shall be amended and restated in its entirety to read as set forth on Exhibit A attached hereto. 

Section
2. Reaffirmation. 

2.1. The
Borrower hereby (a) ratifies and reaffirms the Credit Agreement (as amended hereby), the Loan Documents and all of its payment and performance
obligations, contingent or otherwise, thereunder, and (b) confirms that the Credit Agreement and the other Loan Documents remain in full
force and effect. The Borrower acknowledges that the Administrative Agent and the Lenders are relying on the assurances provided herein
in entering into this Amendment. 

2.2. Each
Guarantor hereby (i) acknowledges and consents to the terms of this Amendment and the Credit Agreement as amended by this Amendment,
(ii) confirms that its Guaranty in favor of the Administrative Agent, for the benefit of the Lenders, and all of its obligations thereunder,
as amended, remain in full force and effect and (iii) reaffirms all of the terms, provisions, agreements and covenants contained in its
Guaranty. Each Guarantor agrees that its consent to any further amendments or modifications to the Credit Agreement and other Loan Documents
shall not be required solely as a result of this acknowledgment and consent having been obtained, except to the extent, if any, required
by any Guaranty. 

Section
3. Conditions Precedent. 

The
effectiveness of this Amendment is subject to the satisfaction of all of the following conditions precedent: 

3.1. The
Administrative Agent shall have received this Amendment duly executed by the Borrower, each Guarantor, the Administrative Agent and the
Lenders. 

3.2. The
Administrative Agent shall have received that certain First Amendment Fee Letter dated as of the date hereof duly executed by the Borrower
and the Administrative Agent. 

3.3. The
Administrative Agent shall have received a Third Amended and Restated Revolving Note made by the Borrower in favor of Bank of Montreal
and a Second Amended and Restated Revolving Note made by the Borrower in favor of JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. 

3.4. The
Administrative Agent shall have received such other agreements, instruments, documents, certificates, and opinions as the Administrative
Agent may reasonably request, and legal matters incident to the execution and delivery of this Amendment shall be reasonably satisfactory
to the Administrative Agent and its counsel. 

Section
4. Representations. 

In
order to induce the Administrative Agent and the Lenders to execute and deliver this Amendment, the Borrower and each Guarantor hereby
represents to the Administrative Agent and the Lenders that (a) after giving effect to this Amendment, the representations and warranties
set forth in Section 6 of the Credit Agreement, as amended by this Amendment, are and shall be and remain true and correct in all material
respects (where not already qualified by materiality, otherwise in all respects) as of the date hereof (or, if any such representation
and warranty is expressly stated to have been made as of a specific date, as of such specific date) and (b) no Default or Event of Default
has occurred and is continuing under the Credit Agreement or shall result after giving effect to this Amendment. 

Section
5. Miscellaneous. 

5.1. Except
as specifically amended herein, the Credit Agreement shall continue in full force and effect in accordance with its original terms. Reference
to this specific Amendment need not be made in the Credit Agreement, the Notes, the other Loan Documents, or any other instrument or
document executed in connection therewith, or in any certificate, letter or communication issued or made pursuant to or with respect
to the Credit Agreement, any reference in any of such items to the Credit Agreement being sufficient to refer to the Credit Agreement
as amended hereby. 

5.2. The
Borrower agrees to pay on demand all out-of-pocket costs and out-of-pocket expenses of or incurred by the Administrative Agent in connection
with the negotiation, preparation, execution and delivery of this Amendment, including the reasonable and documented out-of-pocket fees
and disbursements of counsel for the Administrative Agent. 

5.3. This
Amendment may be executed in any number of counterparts, and by the different parties on different counterpart signature pages, all of
which taken together shall constitute one and the same agreement. Any of the parties hereto may execute this Amendment by signing any
such counterpart and each of such counterparts shall for all purposes be deemed to be an original. Delivery of an executed counterpart
of a signature page of this Amendment by facsimile or in electronic (e.g., pdf or tif format shall be effective
as delivery of a manually executed counterpart of this Amendment. This Amendment, and the rights
and duties of the parties hereto, shall be construed and determined in accordance with the laws of the State of Illinois without regard
to conflicts of law principles that would require application of the laws of another jurisdiction . 

[Signature
Pages Follow] 

This
First Amendment to Second Amended and Restated Credit Agreement is entered into as of the date and year first above written. 

Borrower: 

UMH
 Properties, Inc. 

By 
 /s/
 Craig Koster 

Name 
 Craig
 Koster 

Title 
 General
 Counsel 

[Signature
Page to First Amendment to Second Amended and Restated Credit Agreement UMH PROPERTIES, INC.] 

Guarantors: 

UMH
 IN Countryside Estates, LLC 

By 
 /s/
 Craig Koster 

Name 
 Craig
 Koster 

Title 
 General
 Counsel 

UMH
 IN Meadows, LLC 

By 
 /s/
 Craig Koster 

Name 
 Craig
 Koster 

Title 
 General
 Counsel 

United
 Mobile Homes of Ohio, Inc. 

By 
 /s/
 Craig Koster 

Name 
 Craig
 Koster 

Title 
 General
 Counsel 

United
 Mobile Homes of Pennsylvania, Inc. 

By 
 /s/
 Craig Koster 

Name 
 Craig
 Koster 

Title 
 General
 Counsel 

UMH
 PA City View, LLC 

By 
 /s/
 Craig Koster 

Name 
 Craig
 Koster 

Title 
 General
 Counsel 

[SIGNATURE PAGE TO FIRST AMENDMENT TO SECOND AMENDED AND RESTATED CREDIT AGREEMENT UMH PROPERTIES, INC.] 

Administrative
 Agent and L/C Issuer 

Bank
 of Montreal, as L/C Issuer and as Administrative
 Agent 

By 
 /s/
 Lloyd Baron 

Name 
 Lloyd
 Baron 

Title 
 Managing
 Director 

[Signature
Page to First Amendment to Second Amended and Restated Credit Agreement UMH Properties, Inc.] 

Lenders 

Bank
 of Montreal, as a Lender 

By 
 /s/
 Lloyd Baron 

Name 
 Lloyd
 Baron 

Title 
 Managing
 Director 

[Signature
Page to First Amendment to Second Amended and Restated Credit Agreement UMH Properties, Inc.] 

JPMorgan
 Chase Bank, N.A., as a Lender 

By 
 /s/
 Austin Lotito 

Name 
 Austin
 Lotito 

Title 
 Executive
 Director 

[SIGNATURE PAGE TO FIRST AMENDMENT TO SECOND AMENDED AND RESTATED CREDIT AGREEMENT UMH PROPERTIES, INC.] 

Exhibit
A 

 to
First Amendment to Second Amended and Restated Credit Agreement 

Schedule
1 

Commitments 

Lender 
 Commitment 
 
 Bank of Montreal 
 100,000,000 
 
 JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. 
 80,000,000 
 
 Total: 
 180,000,000 

</EX-10.14>

<EX-21>
 4
 ex21.htm

E XHIBIT
 21 

SUBSIDIARIES
OF UMH PROPERTIES, INC. AS OF DECEMBER 31, 2022 

Name 
 
 Description 

Mobile
 Home Village, Inc. 
 
 New
 Jersey corporation 
 
 Oxford
 Village Homes, LLC 
 
 Pennsylvania
 limited liability company 

Second
 Venture 2022 Manager, LLC 
 
 Delaware
 limited liability company 
 
 Second
 Venture 2022 Property Manager, LLC 
 
 Delaware
 limited liability company 
 
 Serona
 Gardens Development Manager, LLC 
 
 Delaware
 limited liability company 

TGA
 UMH Serona Gardens LLC 
 
 Delaware
 limited liability company 
 
 TGA
 UMH Venture LLC 
 
 Delaware
 limited liability company 

UMH
 AL Deer Run, LLC 
 
 Alabama
 limited liability company 
 
 UMH
 AL Lavista Estates, LLC 
 
 Delaware
 limited liability company 
 
 UMH
 TN Allentown, LLC 
 
 Tennessee
 limited liability company 
 
 UMH
 TN Allentown MHP, LLC 
 
 Delaware
 limited liability company 
 
 UMH
 Central OH, LLC 
 
 Ohio
 limited liability company 
 
 UMH
 IN Broadmore, LLC 
 
 Delaware
 limited liability company 
 
 UMH
 IN Countryside Estates, LLC 
 
 Indiana
 limited liability company 
 
 UMH
 IN Forest Creek, LLC 
 
 Delaware
 limited liability company 
 
 UMH
 IN Highland, LLC 
 
 Delaware
 limited liability company 
 
 UMH
 IN Holiday Village, LLC 
 
 Delaware
 limited liability company 
 
 UMH
 IN Land, LLC 
 
 Indiana
 limited liability company 
 
 UMH
 IN Meadows, LLC 
 
 Delaware
 limited liability company 
 
 UMH
 IN Monopoly, LLC 
 
 Delaware
 limited liability company 
 
 UMH
 IN Oak Ridge Estates, LLC 
 
 Delaware
 limited liability company 
 
 UMH
 IN Redbud, LLC 
 
 Delaware
 limited liability company 
 
 UMH
 IN Summit Village, LLC 
 
 Delaware
 limited liability company 
 
 UMH
 IN Twin Pines, LLC 
 
 Delaware
 limited liability company 
 
 UMH
 IN Woods Edge, LLC 
 
 Delaware
 limited liability company 
 
 UMH
 MD Cinnamon Woods, LLC 
 
 Delaware
 limited liability company 
 
 UMH
 Melrose, LLC 
 
 Delaware
 limited liability company 
 
 UMH
 Memphis, LLC 
 
 Tennessee
 limited liability company 
 
 UMH
 MI Birchwood Farms, LLC 
 
 Delaware
 limited liability company 
 
 UMH
 MI Candlewick Court, LLC 
 
 Delaware
 limited liability company 
 
 UMH
 MI Hidden Creek, LLC 
 
 Delaware
 limited liability company 
 
 UMH
 MI Northtowne Meadows, LLC 
 
 Delaware
 limited liability company 
 
 UMH
 NJ Cedarcrest, LLC 
 
 Delaware
 limited liability company 
 
 UMH
 NJ Fairview Manor, LLC 
 
 Delaware
 limited liability company 
 
 UMH
 NJ Oak Tree, LLC 
 
 Delaware
 limited liability company 
 
 UMH
 Northern OH, LLC 
 
 Ohio
 limited liability company 
 
 UMH
 NY Brookview MHP, LLC 
 
 Delaware
 limited liability company 
 
 UMH
 NY Brookview, LLC 
 
 New
 York limited liability company 
 
 UMH
 NY Collingwood, LLC 
 
 New
 York limited liability company 
 
 UMH
 NY D R Village, LLC 
 
 Delaware
 limited liability company 
 
 UMH
 NY Kinnebrook MHP, LLC 
 
 Delaware
 limited liability company 
 
 UMH
 NY Lake Erie, LLC 
 
 New
 York limited liability company 
 
 UMH
 NY Waterfalls Village, LLC 
 
 Delaware
 limited liability company 
 
 UMH
 of Alabama, Inc. 
 
 Alabama
 corporation 
 
 UMH
 of Coxsackie, LLC 
 
 New
 York limited liability company 
 
 UMH
 of Indiana, Inc. 
 
 Indiana
 corporation 

Name 
 
 Description 

UMH
 of Maryland, Inc. 
 
 Maryland
 corporation 
 
 UMH
 of Michigan, Inc. 
 
 Michigan
 corporation 
 
 UMH
 of Nashville, Inc. 
 
 Tennessee
 corporation 

UMH
 of New Jersey, Inc. 
 
 New
 Jersey corporation 
 
 UMH
 of South Carolina, Inc. 
 
 South
 Carolina corporation 
 
 UMH
 OH Buckeye II, LLC 
 
 Delaware
 limited liability company 
 
 UMH
 OH Buckeye, LLC 
 
 Delaware
 limited liability company 
 
 UMH
 OH Catalina, LLC 
 
 Delaware
 limited liability company 
 
 UMH
 OH Clinton MHP, LLC 
 
 Delaware
 limited liability company 
 
 UMH
 OH Colonial Heights, LLC 
 
 Delaware
 limited liability company 
 
 UMH
 OH Fohl Village, LLC 
 
 Delaware
 limited liability company 
 
 OH
 Bayshore Estates, LLC 
 
 Delaware
 limited liability company 
 
 OH
 Friendly Village, LLC 
 
 Delaware
 limited liability company 
 
 UMH
 OH Hayden Heights, LLC 
 
 Delaware
 limited liability company 
 
 UMH
 OH Hillcrest, LLC 
 
 Delaware
 limited liability company 
 
 UMH
 OH Lake Sherman Village, LLC 
 
 Delaware
 limited liability company 
 
 UMH
 OH Lakeview, LLC 
 
 Delaware
 limited liability company 
 
 UMH
 OH Marysville Estates, LLC 
 
 Delaware
 limited liability company 
 
 UMH
 OH Meadowood, LLC 
 
 Delaware
 limited liability company 
 
 OH
 Meadows of Perrysburg, LLC 
 
 Delaware
 limited liability company 
 
 UMH
 OH Olmsted Falls, LLC 
 
 Delaware
 limited liability company 
 
 OH
 Perrysburg Estates, LLC 
 
 Delaware
 limited liability company 
 
 OH
 Pikewood Manor, LLC 
 
 Delaware
 limited liability company 
 
 UMH
 OH Southern Terrace, LLC 
 
 Delaware
 limited liability company 
 
 UMH
 OH Springfield Meadows, LLC 
 
 Delaware
 limited liability company 
 
 UMH
 OH Twin Oaks, LLC 
 
 Ohio
 limited liability company 
 
 UMH
 OH Valley Hills, LLC 
 
 Delaware
 limited liability company 
 
 UMH
 OH Wayside, LLC 
 
 Delaware
 limited liability company 
 
 UMH
 OH Worthington Arms, LLC 
 
 Delaware
 limited liability company 
 
 UMH
 OZ Fund, LLC 
 
 Delaware
 limited liability company 
 
 UMH
 OZ SC Hammond Estates, LLC 
 
 Delaware
 limited liability company 
 
 UMH
 PA Athens, LLC 
 
 Pennsylvania
 limited liability company 
 
 UMH
 PA Brookside Village LLC 
 
 Pennsylvania
 limited liability company 

UMH
 PA Camelot Woods, LLC 
 
 Pennsylvania
 limited liability company 
 
 UMH
 PA Center Manor, LLC 
 
 Delaware
 limited liability company 
 
 UMH
 PA Chambersburg, LLC 
 
 Pennsylvania
 limited liability company 
 
 UMH
 PA City View, LLC 
 
 Pennsylvania
 limited liability company 

UMH
 PA Cranberry Village, LLC 
 
 Delaware
 limited liability company 
 
 UMH
 PA Crossroads Village, LLC 
 
 Delaware
 limited liability company 

Name 
 
 Description 

UMH
 PA Forest Park, LLC 
 
 Delaware
 limited liability company 
 
 UMH
 PA Fox Chapel Village, LLC 
 
 Delaware
 limited liability company 
 
 UMH
 PA Frieden Manor, LLC 
 
 Pennsylvania
 limited liability company 
 
 UMH
 PA Gregory Courts, LLC 
 
 Delaware
 limited liability company 
 
 UMH
 PA Highland Estates. LLC 
 
 Delaware
 limited liability company 
 
 UMH
 PA High View Acres, LLC 
 
 Delaware
 limited liability company 
 
 UMH
 PA Hillcrest Crossing, LLC 
 
 Delaware
 limited liability company 
 
 UMH
 PA Holly Acres, LLC 
 
 Delaware
 limited liability company 
 
 UMH
 PA Huntingdon Pointe, LLC 
 
 Delaware
 limited liability company 
 
 UMH
 PA Independence, LLC 
 
 Delaware
 limited liability company 
 
 UMH
 PA Lancaster County, LLC 
 
 Pennsylvania
 limited liability company 
 
 UMH
 PA Mandell Trails, LLC 
 
 Delaware
 limited liability company 
 
 UMH
 PA Maple Manor, LLC 
 
 Pennsylvania
 limited liability company 
 
 UMH
 PA Monroe Valley, LLC 
 
 Pennsylvania
 limited liability company 
 
 UMH
 PA Moosic Heights, LLC 
 
 Pennsylvania
 limited liability company 
 
 UMH
 PA Mount Pleasant Village, LLC 
 
 Delaware
 limited liability company 
 
 UMH
 PA Oakwood Lake Village, LLC 
 
 Pennsylvania
 limited liability company 
 
 UMH
 PA Pleasant View, LLC 
 
 Pennsylvania
 limited liability company 
 
 UMH
 PA Rolling Hills Estates, LLC 
 
 Pennsylvania
 limited liability company 
 
 UMH
 PA Suburban Estates, LLC 
 
 Delaware
 limited liability company 
 
 UMH
 PA Sunny Acres, LLC 
 
 Delaware
 limited liability company 
 
 UMH
 PA Sunnyside, LLC 
 
 Delaware
 limited liability company 
 
 UMH
 PA Three Rivers, LLC 
 
 Delaware
 limited liability company 
 
 UMH
 PA Valley Stream, LLC 
 
 Delaware
 limited liability company 
 
 UMH
 PA Valley View Danboro, LLC 
 
 Delaware
 limited liability company 
 
 UMH
 PA Valley View Honey Brook, LLC 
 
 Delaware
 limited liability company 
 
 UMH
 PA Voyager Estates, LLC 
 
 Delaware
 limited liability company 
 
 UMH
 PA Wellington Estates, LLC 
 
 Delaware
 limited liability company 
 
 UMH
 QOZ Manager, LLC 
 
 Delaware
 limited liability company 
 
 UMH
 QOZB SC Hammond Estates Holdings, LLC 
 
 Delaware
 limited liability company 
 
 UMH
 Rentals, LLC 
 
 Delaware
 limited liability company 
 
 UMH
 Sales and Finance, Inc. 
 
 New
 Jersey corporation 
 
 UMH
 SC Iris Winds, LLC 
 
 South
 Carolina limited liability company 
 
 UMH
 TN Allentown, LLC 
 
 Delaware
 limited liability company 
 
 UMH
 TN Countryside Village, LLC 
 
 Tennessee
 limited liability company 
 
 UMH
 TN Holiday Village MHP, LLC 
 
 Delaware
 limited liability company 
 
 UMH
 TN Shady Hills MHP, LLC 
 
 Delaware
 limited liability company 
 
 UMH
 TN Trailmont MHP, LLC 
 
 Delaware
 limited liability company 
 
 UMH
 TN Weatherly Estates, LLC 
 
 Delaware
 limited liability company 
 
 UMH
 Tranche 1 Property Manager, LLC 
 
 Delaware
 limited liability company 
 
 United
 Mobile Homes of Buffalo, Inc. 
 
 New
 York corporation 
 
 UMH
 of Florida, Inc. 
 
 Florida
 corporation 
 
 United
 Mobile Homes of New York, Inc. 
 
 New
 York corporation 
 
 United
 Mobile Homes of Ohio, Inc. 
 
 Ohio
 corporation 
 
 United
 Mobile Homes of Pennsylvania, Inc. 
 
 Pennsylvania
 corporation 
 
 United
 Mobile Homes of Tennessee, Inc. 
 
 Tennessee
 corporation 
 
 United
 Mobile Homes of Vineland, Inc. 
 
 New
 Jersey corporation 

USCMF
 UMH Venture Tranche 1 LLC 
 
 Delaware
 limited liability company 
 
 USCMF
 UMH VT1 Honey Brook LLC 
 
 Delaware
 limited liability company 

Venture
 Tranche 1 Manager, LLC 
 
 Delaware
 limited liability company 
 
 Venture
 2022 Tranche 1 Manager, LLC 
 
 Delaware
 limited liability company 

</EX-21>

<EX-23>
 5
 ex23.htm

E xhibit
 23 

Consent
of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 

The
Board of Directors 

 UMH
Properties, Inc. 

We
consent to the incorporation by reference in the registration statements on Form S-3 (File No. 333-238321), on Form S-3D (File No. 333-232162)
and on Form S-8 (File No. 333-257797) of UMH Properties, Inc. and subsidiaries of our reports dated February 28, 2023, with respect to
the consolidated balance sheets of UMH Properties, Inc. and subsidiaries as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 and the related consolidated
statements of income (loss), shareholders equity, and cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022 and
the related financial statement schedule, and with respect to the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting as of December
31, 2022, which reports appear in the December 31, 2022 annual report on Form 10-K of UMH Properties, Inc. 

/s/ PKF O Connor Davies, LLP 

February
28, 2023 

 New
York, New York 

</EX-23>

<EX-31.1>
 6
 ex31-1.htm

E XHIBIT
 31.1 

CERTIFICATION
PURSUANT TO 

 SARBANES-OXLEY ACT SECTION 302 

I,
Samuel A. Landy, certify that: 

1. 
 I
 have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of UMH Properties, Inc.; 

2. 
 Based
 on my knowledge, this annual report does not contain any untrue statement of material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
 to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to
 the period covered by this annual report; 

3. 
 Based
 on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this annual report, fairly present in all
 material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods represented
 in this annual report; 

4. 
 The
 registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures
 (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f)
 and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

(a) 
 Designed
 such disclosure control and procedures, or caused such disclosure control and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to
 ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others
 within those entities, particularly during the period in which this annual report is being prepared; 

(b) 
 Designed
 such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our
 supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements
 for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

(c) 
 Evaluated
 the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about
 the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation;
 and 

(d) 
 Disclosed
 in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s
 most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected,
 or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. 
 The
 registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial
 reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of registrant s board of directors (or persons performing
 the equivalent functions): 

(a) 
 All
 significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are
 reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information;
 and 

(b) 
 Any
 fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s
 internal control over financial reporting. 

/s/
 Samuel A. Landy 

President
 and Chief Executive Officer 

Date:
 February 28, 2023 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 7
 ex31-2.htm

E XHIBIT
 31.2 

 CERTIFICATION
PURSUANT TO 

 SARBANES-OXLEY ACT SECTION 302 

I,
Anna T. Chew, certify that: 

1. 
 I
 have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of UMH Properties, Inc.; 

2. 
 Based
 on my knowledge, this annual report does not contain any untrue statement of material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
 to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to
 the period covered by this annual report; 

3. 
 Based
 on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this annual report, fairly present in all
 material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods represented
 in this annual report; 

4. 
 The
 registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures
 (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f)
 and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

(a) 
 Designed
 such disclosure control and procedures, or caused such disclosure control and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to
 ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others
 within those entities, particularly during the period in which this annual report is being prepared; 

(b) 
 Designed
 such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our
 supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements
 for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

(c) 
 Evaluated
 the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about
 the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation;
 and 

(d) 
 Disclosed
 in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s
 most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected,
 or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. 
 The
 registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial
 reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of registrant s board of directors (or persons performing
 the equivalent functions): 

(a) 
 All
 significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are
 reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information;
 and 

(b) 
 Any
 fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s
 internal control over financial reporting. 

/s/
 Anna T. Chew 

Anna
 T. Chew 
 Vice
 President and Chief Financial Officer 

Date:
 February 28, 2023 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32>
 8
 ex32.htm

E XHIBIT
 32 

CERTIFICATION
PURSUANT TO 

 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In
connection with the Annual Report of UMH Properties, Inc. (the Company on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31,
2022 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), Samuel A. Landy, President and
Chief Executive Officer and Anna T. Chew, Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, of the Company, each hereby certifies, pursuant
to 18 U.S.C. section 1350, as adopted pursuant to section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that, to the best of their knowledge: 

(1) 
 The
 Report fully complies with the requirements of section 13 (a) or 15 (d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

(2) 
 The
 information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations
 of the Company. 

/s/Samuel
 A. Landy 

Samuel
 A. Landy 
 President
 and Chief Executive Officer 
 February
 28, 2023 

/s/Anna
 T. Chew 

Anna
 T. Chew 
 Vice
 President and Chief Financial Officer 
 February 28, 2023 

</EX-32>

<EX-101.SCH>
 10
 umh-20221231.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 12
 umh-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 13
 umh-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 14
 umh-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

