<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230331_10-K_edgar_data_912544_0001493152-23-010137.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>7595971</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>151548</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1068205</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>2871664</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1530973</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1734677</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>9</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001493152-23-010137.hdr.sgml : 20230331
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230331144416
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001493152-23-010137
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		82
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230331
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230331

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			NovelStem International Corp.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000912544
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	RETAIL-RETAIL STORES, NEC [5990]
		IRS NUMBER:				650385686
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			FL
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-14332
		FILM NUMBER:		23786752

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		2255 GLADES RD
		STREET 2:		STE 237 W
		CITY:			BOCA RATON
		STATE:			FL
		ZIP:			33431
		BUSINESS PHONE:		5619988000

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		2255 GLADES RD
		STREET 2:		STE 237 W
		CITY:			BOCA RATON
		STATE:			FL
		ZIP:			33431

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	NovelStem International Corp
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20220802

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	HOLLYWOOD MEDIA CORP
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20001215

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	HOLLYWOOD COM INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20000511

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001493152-23-010137.txt : 20230331

10-K
 1
 form10-k.htm

UNITED
STATES 

 SECURITIES
AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

 Washington,
D.C. 20549 

FORM

ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For
 the fiscal year ended , 
 
 Commission
 file number: 

TRANSITION REPORT UNDER SECTION 13 OR 15(D) OF
THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

(Exact
name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

State
 or other jurisdiction of 
 
 (I.R.S.
 Employer 
 
 incorporation
 or organization 
 
 Identification
 No.) 

, , , 

(Address
 of principal executive offices) 
 
 (Zip
 Code) 

Registrant s
telephone number, including area code 

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 

Title
 of each class 
 
 Trading
 Symbol(s) 
 
 Name
 of each exchange on which registered 
 
 None 

Securities
registered pursuant to section 12(g) of the Act: 

Common Stock, par value 0.01 per share 
 
 (Title of Class) 

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes 

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes 

Note
 Checking the box above will not relieve any registrant required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange
Act from their obligations under those Sections. 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2)
has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule
405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant
was required to submit such files). No 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting
company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, 
 smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large
 accelerated filer 
 Accelerated
 filer 

Smaller
 reporting company 

Emerging
 growth company 

If
an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying
with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Ex- change Act. 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness
of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered
public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 

If
securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant
included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. 

Indicate
by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation
received by any of the registrant s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act). Yes 

As
of the last day of the second fiscal quarter of 2022, the aggregate market value of the registrant s common stock held by non-affiliates
of the registrant was approximately based on the closing sale price on that date as reported on the OTCQB marketplace. As
of March 31, 2023 there were shares of Common Stock, 0.01 par value per share, outstanding. 

DOCUMENTS
INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 

TABLE
OF CONTENTS 

PAGE 
 
 PART
 I 

Item
 1. 
 BUSINESS 
 3 

Item
 1A. 
 RISK
 FACTORS 
 8 

Item
 1B. 
 UNRESOLVED
 STAFF COMMENTS 
 12 

Item
 2. 
 PROPERTIES 
 12 

Item
 3. 
 LEGAL
 PROCEEDINGS 
 12 

Item
 4. 
 MINE
 SAFETY DISCLOSURES 
 12 

PART
 II 

Item
 5. 
 MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 
 13 

Item
 6. 
 [RESERVED] 
 13 

Item
 7. 
 MANAGEMEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
 14 

Item
 7A. 
 QUANTITATIVE
 AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 
 17 

Item
 8. 
 FINANCIAL
 STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 
 17 

Item
 9. 
 CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE 
 17 

Item
 9A. 
 CONTROLS
 AND PROCEDURES 
 17 

Item
 9B. 
 OTHER
 INFORMATION 
 18 

Item
 9C. 
 DISCLOSURE
 REGARDING FOREIGN JURISDICTIONS THAT PREVENT INSPECTIONS 
 18 

PART
 III 

Item
 10. 
 DIRECTORS,
 EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 
 19 

Item
 11. 
 EXECUTIVE
 COMPENSATION 
 21 

Item
 12. 
 SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS 
 24 

Item
 13. 
 CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS, RELATED TRANSACTIONS AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 
 25 

Item
 14. 
 PRINCIPAL
 ACCOUNTING FEES AND SERVICES 
 26 

PART
 IV 

Item
 15. 
 EXHIBITS
 AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES 
 27 

Item
 16. 
 FORM
 10-K SUMMARY 
 29 

Certain
statements contained in this report are forward-looking in nature. These statements can be identified by the use of forward-looking terminology
such as believes , expects , may , will , should or anticipates ,
or the negatives thereof, or comparable terminology, or by discussions of strategy. You are cautioned that our business and operations
are subject to a variety of risks and uncertainties and, consequently, our actual results may materially differ from those projected
by any forward-looking statements. Certain of such risks and uncertainties are discussed below under the heading Item 1A. Risk
Factors. 

2 

PART
I 

Item
1. Business. 

NovelStem
International Corp. NovelStem or the Company is a development stage biotechnology holding company focused
on the stem cell-based technology developed by its affiliate, NewStem Ltd, an Israeli biotech company NewStem ), in which
the Company owns an approximate 31 equity interest. NovelStem was formed in January 1993 as Big Entertainment, Inc. Thereafter, the
Company changed its name to Hollywood.Com Inc. and, later to Hollywood Media Corp. Hollywood Media ). 

In
2018, the Company shifted its business focus from media to cutting edge biotech when it acquired a substantial ownership interest in
NewStem and changed its name to NovelStem. As a significant shareholder in NewStem, and the substantial commitment of our management
and financial resources to NewStem, including the fact that our Executive Chairman, Jan Loeb, is also the Chairman of NewStem, we have
the ability to exert significant influence over the management and operations of NewStem resulting in NewStem functioning as a minority
operating subsidiary of the Company. Since his appointment in July 2018, Mr. Loeb has acted in an executive capacity on behalf of the
Company and has served in a de facto leadership role. In September 2022, the Board appointed Mr. Loeb as Executive Chairman of
NovelStem in order to ratify Mr. Loeb s position and clarify his executive role. On January 13, 2023, the Board appointed Mr. Loeb
as President. With respect to NewStem, Mr. Loeb, as the Chairman, calls and presides over the meetings of NewStem s Board of Directors.
Additionally, Mr. Loeb leverages his financial expertise by guiding NewStem s financial and strategic planning, including the raising
and deployment of capital, developing and modifying NewStem s business plan and budget and by participating in the negotiation
of NewStem s material contracts as required. NewStem does not currently have an appointed Chief Financial Officer and, as such,
Mr. Loeb serves as the de facto Chief Financial Officer and Chief Strategic Officer of NewStem 

NovelStem
depends entirely on earnings and cash from its investments in NewStem and our 50 equity interest in a legacy joint venture named NetCo
Partners NetCo ). The Company s principal operations coincide with those of NewStem.
We have not received any dividend payments or other distributions from NewStem in the fiscal years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021.
We received distributions of earnings from NetCo of 12,591 and 21,290, respectively, for the fiscal years ended December 31, 2022 and
2021. 

NewStem 

NewStem
is a development stage Israeli biotech limited liability company focused on human Pluripotent Stem Cells (hPSCs) in general, and Haploid
human Pluripotent Stem Cells (HhPSCs), in particular. These cells have the potential to change the face of medical research as they play
a pivotal role in cancer research, regenerative medicine and disease therapy. NewStem established a discovery bio-platform based on haploid
human embryonic stem cell technology for genome-wide screenings and is currently using this platform for the discovery and development
of oncology drugs based on synthetic lethal interaction and developing a personalized diagnostic for early detection of chemotherapy
resistance. NewStem has incurred losses since inception and has not generated any revenues to date. NewStem filed an FDA Pre-Submission
and received a CE Mark from the European Medicines Agency (EMA) for its in vitro diagnostic device (IVDD). NewStem does not have an FDA
approved medical device. The NewStem Software Diagnostic Device (NSDD) is CE marked under EU regulation as an other IVD
under Directive 98/79/EC since March 2022. 

NewStem
performs genome-wide genetic screening to identify synthetic lethal interactions with common cancer-related mutations. The first step
in the process is to create a model with relevant cancer-related mutations in HhPSCs, where, subsequently, a library targeting approximately
18,000 coding genes is induced. At the end of this step, each cell has two mutations, one in the cancer related gene and the other in
a coding gene. A genome-wide genetic screening is performed, both on normal HhPSCs and genomic modified HhPSCs to which a cancer-related
mutation was inserted. The goal of such screens is to identify mutations that in combination with a cancer-related mutation will kill
the cells. Following bioinformatic analysis of the genetic screening results, novel targets are identified and validated, first in HhPSCs
and then cancer models (tumor organoids and PDX). NewStem has validated several targets in HhPSCs and will move next to validation in
cancer models. To identify novel targets for drug development, NewStem performs genome-wide genetic screening. The validation process
requires additional experiments that corroborate the results in independent experiments that corroborate the results in independent experiments
that are performed on haploid human embryonic stem cells and cancer models. For validated targets, artificial intelligence (AI) based
drug discovery will be performed following by hit to lead process and ADMET that will support the transition to clinical trials. 

3 

In
reference to AI-based drug discovery, AI can assist in structure-based drug discovery by predicting the 3D protein structure and the
chemical environment of the target protein site, thus helping to predict the effect of a compound on the target along with safety considerations
before their synthesis or production and, accordingly, accelerates the drug development process. 

In
reference to the hit to lead process- this is the iterative process of lead improvement. It is the stage where a hit, typically a small
molecule identified in a high throughput screen, is chemically modified into a lead molecule following improvements in activity against
the target. 

In
reference to ADMET, this is the five-letter acronym for absorption, distribution, metabolism, excretion, and toxicity that describes
pharmacokinetics. ADMET plays key roles in drug discovery and development. A high-quality drug candidate should not only have sufficient
efficacy against the therapeutic target, but also show appropriate ADMET properties at a therapeutic dose. 

NewStem
possesses pioneering intellectual property, reagents and experience related to the isolation and differentiation of HhPSCs and hPSCs,
their genetic manipulation, immunogenicity, tumorigenicity and their unique capacity in disease modeling. 

We
believe that NewStem is currently the only company worldwide to develop products based on this innovative proprietary technology. These
products refer to the medical device platform that provides information to oncologists regarding the presence of mutations in the patient s
tumor profile which may confer resistance to different anti-cancer drugs and to anticancer drugs that target tumors with specific mutations
based on a synthetic-lethal interaction approach. 

NewStem s
technology solutions are derived from an exclusive, worldwide license from Yissum Research Development Company, Hebrew University s
technology transfer company Yissum and The New York Stem Cells Foundation, based on the findings and inventions of Prof.
Nissim Benvenisty, Director of the Azrieli Center for Stem Cells and Genetic Research, The Hebrew University of Jerusalem (the License ).
The License provides NewStem an exclusive worldwide license to make commercial use of the License and to develop, manufacture, market,
distribute or sell a product in the field of therapeutics, diagnostics, screening, development and testing. In consideration for the
grant of the License, NewStem is obligated to pay royalties of up to 3 of net sales and up to 12 of Sublicense Consideration 
(as defined in the License Agreement). 

NovelStem
was the original seed investor in NewStem providing 2 million in July 2018 and another 2 million over the next two and a half years.
We currently own a 30.58 equity interest in NewStem. The remaining equity interests in NewStem are owned by Yissum and Professor Benvenisty,
each of whom owns a 30.58 equity interest, Illumina Cambridge LTD, which owns a 5.32 equity interest, and management and a number of
other shareholders who own collectively approximately 2.93 . Currently, our President and Executive Chairman, Jan Loeb, is also the Chairman
of the Board of NewStem. Professor Benvenisty and a representative of Yissum occupy the other two Board seats. 

Pursuant
to NewStem s Articles of Association, investors (including NovelStem) are granted certain rights and are subject to certain restrictions
with respect to their equity interests in NewStem. NovelStem has preemptive rights to purchase additional shares issued by NewStem up
to its pro-rata share of all outstanding shares of NewStem held by all shareholders of NewStem, until the consummation of either an initial
public offering or a liquidation event. Such pro-rata share may be increased into an over-allotment if other shareholders decline to
exercise their preemptive rights. The Board of Directors of NewStem may make capital calls on NovelStem and the other shareholders, in
respect of any sum unpaid in respect of shares held by such shareholder. All shareholders holding at least 10 of the outstanding shares,
including NovelStem, may exercise a right of first refusal on all sales of shares of NewStem other than transfers to certain permitted
transferees. NovelStem and other shareholders have a co-sale right to sell their shares in place of those that would be issued and sold
by NewStem s founder. The shares of NewStem are subject to a drag-along right, compelling all shares to be sold in the event that
a transaction meant to sell all shares of NewStem is approved by shareholders holding at least 65 of the vote of all shares of NewStem. 

4 

Competition 

The
technologies underlying NewStem s products are subject to rapid and profound technological change. Competition intensifies as technical
advances in each field are made and become more widely known. We can give no assurance that others will not develop services, products,
or processes with significant advantages over the products, services, and processes that NewStem offers or is seeking to develop. Any
such occurrence could have a material and adverse effect on NewStem s and our business, results of operations and financial condition. 

NewStem
plans to enhance and broaden its product offerings in response to changing customer demands and competitive pressure and technologies.
The success of any new product offering or enhancement to an existing product will depend on numerous factors, including the ability
to: 

- 
 Properly
 identify and anticipate physician and patient needs; 
 
 - 
 Develop
 and introduce new products or product enhancements in a timely manner; 
 
 - 
 Adequately
 protect intellectual property and avoid infringing upon the intellectual property rights of third parties; 
 
 - 
 Demonstrate
 the safety and efficacy of new products; and 
 
 - 
 Obtain
 the necessary regulatory clearances or approvals for new products or product enhancements. 

Government
Regulation 

In
the United States, pharmaceutical products are subject to extensive regulation by the Federal Food and Drug Administration and Cosmetic
Act or the FDA. The FDA and other federal and state statutes and regulations, govern, among other things, the research, development,
testing, manufacture, storage, recordkeeping, approval, labeling, promotion and marketing, distribution, post-approval monitoring and
reporting, sampling, and import and export of pharmaceutical products. The FDA has very broad enforcement authority and failure to abide
by applicable regulatory requirements can result in administrative or judicial sanctions being imposed on NewStem, including warning
letters, refusals of government contracts, clinical holds, civil penalties, injunctions, restitution, disgorgement of profits, recall
or seizure of products, total or partial suspension of production or distribution, withdrawal of approval, refusal to approve pending
applications, and criminal prosecution. 

FDA
Approval Process 

NewStem s
therapeutic product candidates are expected to be regulated by the FDA as drugs. No manufacturer may market a new drug until it has submitted
a New Drug Application, or NDA, to the FDA, and the FDA has approved it. 

The
testing and approval process requires substantial time, effort and financial resources, and NewStem s product candidates may not
be approved on a timely basis, if at all. The time and expense required to perform the clinical testing necessary to obtain FDA approval
for regulated products can frequently exceed the time and expense of the research and development initially required to create the product.
The results of preclinical studies and initial clinical trials of NewStem s product candidates are not necessarily predictive of
the results from large-scale clinical trials, and clinical trials may be subject to additional costs, delays or modifications due to
a number of factors, including difficulty in obtaining enough patients, investigators or product candidate supply. Failure by NewStem
to obtain, or any delay in obtaining, regulatory approvals or in complying with requirements could adversely affect the commercialization
of product candidates and NewStem s (and, therefore, the Company s) ability to receive product or royalty revenues. 

5 

The
diagnostic product (NSDD) will be considered a medical device. A Pre-Submission (Pre-Sub) regarding the NSDD was submitted to FDA in
March 2022, and the FDA s written feedback was received in May 2022. The FDA requested that the presented intended use and pivotal
clinical testing design be modified. NewStem still needs to present to the FDA a Supplement to the Pre-Sub, presenting such modifications,
and asking it to confirm that the de novo route is indeed applicable to the device. Once an agreement is reached with the FDA, the device
will be subjected to a retrospective pivotal clinical testing that will be followed by the de novo submission to the FDA. 

NewStem
has a collaboration with Memorial Sloan Kettering Cancer Center MSK Innovation Hub to further optimize and validate NewStem s
bioinformatics-based software as a medical device diagnostic platform. The NewStem Software Diagnostic Device NSDD provides
information to oncologists regarding the presence of mutations in a patient s tumor profile which may confer resistance to certain
anti-cancer drugs. Armed with NSDD-based intelligence, oncologists can make more informed treatment decisions. The collaboration is focused
on triple-negative breast cancer patients and non-small cell lung cancer patients treated with Paclitaxel and/or Carboplatin. NewStem
expects to receive genomic data from the MSK Innovation Hub within the next few months. That data will be analyzed and compared to the
data that the NSDD generates for that particular patient. 

The
MSK Innovation Hub brings together innovative, digitally focused companies with MSK s community of researchers, clinicians, and
digital health professionals through a program designed to establish innovative collaborations that can have a tangible impact on treatment
or management of cancer. 

Other
Regulatory Requirements 

After
approval, drug products are subject to extensive continuing regulation by the FDA, which include obligations to manufacture products
in accordance with Good Manufacturing Practice, or GMP, maintain and provide to the FDA updated safety and efficacy information, report
adverse experiences with the product, keep certain records and submit periodic reports, obtain FDA approval of certain manufacturing
or labeling changes, and comply with FDA promotion and advertising requirements and restrictions. Failure by NewStem to meet these obligations
can result in various adverse consequences, both voluntary and FDA-imposed, including product recalls, withdrawal of approval, restrictions
on marketing, and the imposition of civil fines and criminal penalties against the NDA holder. In addition, later discovery of previously
unknown safety or efficacy issues may result in restrictions on the product, manufacturer or NDA holder. 

Outside
the United States, NewStem s ability to market a product is contingent upon receiving marketing authorization from the appropriate
regulatory authorities. The requirements governing marketing authorization, pricing and reimbursement vary widely from jurisdiction to
jurisdiction. At present, foreign marketing authorizations are applied for at a national level, although within the European Union registration
procedures are available to companies wishing to market a product in more than one European Union member state. 

NewStem
is also subject to various environmental, health and safety regulations including those governing laboratory procedures and the handling,
use, storage, treatment, and disposal of hazardous materials. From time to time, and in the future, NewStem s operations may involve
the use of hazardous materials. 

6 

NetCo

In
June 1995, we and C.P. Group Inc. C.P. Group ), formed the joint venture, NetCo. NetCo owns the entertainment
property, Net Force , about a division of the FBI investigating crimes and adventures involving the internet and the digital
world. 

NovelStem
and C.P. Group each own 50 of the ownership interest in NetCo. NetCo owns all rights in all media to the Net Force
property including film, television, and video games. 

In
1997, NetCo licensed to Putnam Berkley the rights to publish the first six Net Force books in North America, which books were
written and published. This agreement was subsequently renewed in December 2001 for four more books that were created and published.
There was also a series of books targeted to the young adult market, Net Force Explorer, also published by Putnam Berkley. Net Force
books have so far been published in mass market paperback format. The first book in the series was adapted as a four-hour mini-series
on the ABC television network. 

In
2019, NetCo entered into a new publishing agreement with HarperCollins. Three novels and two Net Force novellas have been published
under that agreement. Through its interest in NetCo, NovelStem receives distributions of its 50 share of proceeds generated
from the rights to Net Force. 

Competition 

Competition
in the publishing and video game industries is intense. Many new products and services are regularly introduced in each major industry
segment (console, mobile and PC), but only a relatively small number of hit titles account for a significant portion of
total revenue in each segment. NetCo s competitors range from established interactive entertainment companies and diversified
media companies to emerging start-ups, and we expect new competitors to continue to emerge throughout the world. 

See
Item 8 Legal Proceedings for information concerning proceedings related to NetCo. 

Employees 

We
do not currently have any employees; however, the Company relies on consultants to perform the duties that would be performed by employees. 

Additional
Financial Information 

For
additional financial information regarding our operations, see Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial
Condition and Results of Operations and our Financial Statements included in this Annual Report. 

Available
Information 

We
file annual, quarterly and current reports and other information with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC ).
These filings are available to the public over the internet at the SEC s website at http://www.sec.gov. You may also read and copy
any document we file at the SEC s public reference room located at 100 F Street, NE, Washington, DC 20549. Please call the SEC
at 1-800-SEC-0330 for further information on the public reference room. 

Our
website can be found at http://novelstem.com. 

7 

Item
1A. Risk Factors. 

Our
business is subject to certain risks, including those described below. If any of the events described in the following risk factors actually
occurs then our business, results of operations and financial condition could be materially adversely affected. More detailed information
concerning these risks is contained in other sections of this registration statement, including Business and Management s
Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. 

Risks
Relating to our Business 

We
are a holding company the principal assets of which are illiquid, ownership interests in NewStem and NetCo. 

Our
Company s primary assets are equity interests in NewStem and NetCo. Our President and Executive Chairman, Jan Loeb, is
also the Chairman of NewStem and through this shared management structure along with our 30.58 ownership interest in NewStem, we are
able to exert significant influence over the operations of NewStem. Additionally, we are a 50 partner in NetCo and through our ownership
interest, are able to exert significant influence over this entity and its operations. 

We
conduct no other business and, as a result, we depend entirely upon earnings and cash flow from NewStem and NetCo. If we decide
in the future to pay dividends, as a holding company, our ability to pay dividends and meet other obligations depends upon the receipt
of dividends or other payments from our operating subsidiaries. 

Our
investments in NewStem and NetCo are illiquid. 

Our
shares in NewStem and our ownership interest in NetCo are illiquid and have extremely limited liquidity rights. The transferability
of these interests is restricted under federal and state securities laws and the governing documents of each of NewStem and NetCo. 

We
depend on our executive officers and consultants and other key individuals along with the executive officers and key individuals of NewStem
to continue the implementation of our long-term business strategy and could be harmed by the loss of their services and our inability
to make up for such loss with qualified replacements. 

We
believe that our continued growth and future success will depend in large part on the skills of our management team and the management
teams of NewStem and NetCo, and our partners respective abilities to motivate and retain these individuals and
other key individuals. Jan Loeb, our President and Executive Chairman, is also the Chairman of NewStem, and therefore has the shared
responsibility of growing the business and operations of NewStem. The loss of any of their service could reduce our ability to successfully
implement our long-term business strategy which may result in a loss of revenue, and the value of our common stock could be materially
adversely affected. Leadership changes will occur from time to time and we cannot predict whether significant resignations will occur
or whether NewStem will be able to recruit additional qualified personnel. We believe these management teams possess valuable knowledge
about our, NewStem s and NetCo s respective industries and that their knowledge and relationships would be very difficult
to replicate. The loss of key personnel, or the inability to recruit and retain qualified and talented personnel in the future, could
have an adverse effect on the respective businesses of NewStem and NetCo, and, consequently, our business, financial condition and/or
operating results. 

We
and NewStem have limited operating histories and have generated no revenue to date. 

We
and NewStem have a limited operating history and do not have a meaningful historical record of sales and revenues, nor do we or NewStem
have an established business track record. While we believe that we have the opportunity to be successful, there can be no assurance
that we will be successful in accomplishing our business initiatives, or that we will be able to achieve any significant levels of revenues
or net income. 

We
have identified material weaknesses in our internal control and procedures and internal control over financial reporting. If not remediated,
our failure to establish and maintain effective disclosure controls and procedures and internal control over financial reporting could
result in material misstatements in our financial statements and a failure to meet our reporting and financial obligations, each of which
could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and the trading price of our common stock. 

Maintaining
effective internal control over financial reporting and effective disclosure controls and procedures are necessary for us to produce
reliable financial statements. We have re-evaluated our internal control over financial reporting and our disclosure controls and procedures
and concluded that they were not effective as of December 31, 2022 and we concluded there was a material weakness in the design of our
internal control over financial reporting. 

A
material weakness is defined as a deficiency, or a combination of deficiencies, in internal control over financial reporting such that
there is a reasonable possibility that a material misstatement of our annual or interim financial statements will not be prevented or
detected on a timely basis. 

8 

Rapid
technological change could cause products to become obsolete, and if NewStem does not enhance its product offerings through research
and development efforts, it may be unable to effectively compete. 

NewStem s
future business success will depend upon its ability to maintain and enhance its product portfolio with respect to advances in technological
improvements for certain products that meet customer needs and market conditions in a cost-effective and timely manner. NewStem may not
be successful in gaining access to new products that successfully compete or are able to anticipate customer needs and preferences, and
customers may not accept one or more of its products. If NewStem fails to keep pace with evolving technological innovations or fails
to modify its products and services in response to customers needs or preferences, then NewStem s and our business, financial
condition and results of operations could be adversely affected. 

The
technologies underlying NewStem s products are subject to rapid and profound technological change. Competition intensifies as technical
advances in each field are made and become more widely known. We can give no assurance that others will not develop services, products,
or processes with significant advantages over the products, services, and processes that NewStem offers or is seeking to develop. Any
such occurrence could have a material and adverse effect on NewStem s and our business, results of operations and financial condition. 

NewStem
plans to enhance and broaden its product offerings in response to changing customer demands and competitive pressure and technologies.
The success of any new product offering or enhancement to an existing product will depend on numerous factors, including the ability
to: 

- 
 Properly
 identify and anticipate physician and patient needs; 
 
 - 
 Develop
 and introduce new products or product enhancements in a timely manner; 
 
 - 
 Adequately
 protect intellectual property and avoid infringing upon the intellectual property rights of third parties; 
 
 - 
 Demonstrate
 the safety and efficacy of new products; and 
 
 - 
 Obtain
 the necessary regulatory clearances or approvals for new products or product enhancements. 

If
NewStem does not develop and, when necessary, obtain regulatory clearance or approval for new products or product enhancements in time
to meet market demand, or if there is insufficient demand for these products or enhancements, its results of operations will suffer.
NewStem s research and development efforts may require a substantial investment of time and resources before it is adequately able
to determine the commercial viability of a new product, technology, material or other innovation. In addition, even if NewStem is able
to successfully develop enhancements or new generations of its products, these enhancements or new generations of products may not produce
sales in excess of the costs of development, and they may be quickly rendered obsolete by changing customer preferences or the introduction
by competitors of products embodying new technologies or features. 

Our
ongoing viability as a company depends on NewStem s ability to successfully develop and commercialize its products. 

NewStem
is principally focused on utilizing proprietary hPSCs and HhPSCs in the development of diagnostic and therapeutic products in oncology.
NewStem must develop diagnostics and therapeutics successfully test them for safety and efficacy in the targeted patient population and
manufacture the finished drugs on a commercial scale to meet regulatory standards and receive regulatory approvals. The development and
commercialization process is both time-consuming and costly, and involves a high degree of business risk. The results of pre-clinical
and clinical testing of product candidates are uncertain, and there can be no assurance that NewStem will be able to obtain regulatory
approvals of its product candidates. If obtained, regulatory approval may take longer or be more expensive than anticipated. Furthermore,
even if regulatory approvals are obtained, NewStem s products may not perform as we expect and NewStem may not be able to successfully
and profitably produce and market any products. Delays in any part of the process or our inability to obtain regulatory approval of such
products could adversely affect NewStem s and, therefore, NovelStem s future operating results by restricting (or even prohibiting)
the introduction and sale of such products. 

The
value of our investment in NetCo and our ability to receive distributions may be affected by disputes between the Company and
C.P. Group, our partner in NetCo. 

The
Company and C.P. Group each own a 50 interest in NetCo. The joint venture agreement governing NetCo provides for mutual
decision making among the Company and C.P. Group generally (subject to exceptions) and arbitration in the event any controversy or disagreement
arises. The Company and C.P. Group are currently in arbitration as to ongoing scope and the operation of NetCo. If we are unable
to resolve such dispute in a manner favorable to the Company, our investment in NetCo and our ability to continue to receive
distributions from our interest in NetCo could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition or operating results. 

9 

NetCo s
 business is intensely competitive and hit driven. NetCo may not deliver hit products
and services, or consumers may prefer a competitors products or services over NetCo. 

Competition
in the publishing and video game industries is intense. Many new products and services are regularly introduced in each major industry
segment (console, mobile and PC), but only a relatively small number of hit titles account for a significant portion of
total revenue in each segment. NetCo s competitors range from established interactive entertainment companies and diversified
media companies to emerging start-ups, and we expect new competitors to continue to emerge throughout the world. If NetCo s
competitors develop and market more successful and engaging products or services, offer competitive products or services at lower price
points, or if NetCo does not develop high-quality, well-received and engaging products and services, NetCo and
our revenue, margins, and profitability will decline. 

If
NetCo fails to develop relationships with new creative talent, its business could be adversely affected. 

NetCo s business, in particular the trade publishing and media portions of the business, is highly dependent on maintaining strong
relationships with the authors, illustrators and other creative talent who produce the products and services that are sold to its customers.
Any overall weakening of these relationships, or the failure to develop successful new relationships, could have an adverse impact on
NetCo and the Company s business and financial performance. 

Risks
relating to our common stock 

Because
our holding company structure creates restrictions on the payment of dividends, our ability to pay dividends is limited. 

We
are a holding company whose primary assets are our ownership of equity interests in NewStem and NetCo. We conduct no other business
and, as a result, we depend entirely upon NewStem s and NetCo s earnings and cash flow. If we decide in the future
to pay dividends, as a holding company, our ability to pay dividends and meet other obligations depends upon the receipt of dividends
or other payments from NewStem or NetCo. NewStem and/or NetCo may be restricted in their ability to pay dividends, make distributions
or otherwise transfer funds to us prior to the satisfaction of other obligations, including the payment of operating expenses or debt
service, appropriation to reserves prescribed by laws and regulations, covering losses in previous years, restrictions on the conversion
of local currency into U.S. dollars or other hard currency, completion of relevant procedures with governmental authorities or banks
and other regulatory restrictions. We do not presently have any intention to declare or pay dividends in the future. You should not purchase
shares of our common stock in anticipation of receiving dividends in future periods. 

Because
we do not intend to pay any cash dividends on our common stock, our shareholders will not be able to receive a return on their shares
unless they sell them. 

We
intend to retain any future earnings to finance the development and expansion of our business. We do not anticipate paying any cash dividends
on our common stock in the foreseeable future. Unless we pay dividends, our shareholders will not be able to receive a return on their
shares unless they sell them. Shareholders may never be able to sell shares when desired. Before you invest in our securities, you should
be aware that there are various risks. You should consider carefully these risk factors, together with all of the other information included
in this annual report before you decide to purchase our securities. If any of the following risks and uncertainties develop into actual
events, our business, financial condition or results of operations could be materially adversely affected. 

We
are an emerging growth company and the reduced disclosure requirements applicable to emerging growth companies could make our common
stock less attractive to investors. 

We
are an emerging growth company. Under the JOBS Act, emerging growth companies can take advantage of certain exemptions from various reporting
requirements that are applicable to other public companies including, without limitation, reduced disclosure obligations regarding executive
compensation in our periodic reports and proxy statements, exemptions from the requirements of holding a non-binding advisory shareholder
vote on executive compensation and golden parachute payments, exemption from the requirement of auditor attestation in the assessment
of our internal control over financial reporting and exemption from any requirement that may be adopted by the Public Company Accounting
Oversight Board regarding mandatory audit firm rotation or a supplement to the auditor s report providing additional information
about our audit and the financial statements (auditor discussion and analysis). As a result of the foregoing, the information that we
provide shareholders may be different than what is available with respect to other public companies. 

In
addition, Section 107 of the JOBS Act also provides that an emerging growth company can take advantage of the extended transition
period provided in Section 7(a)(2)(B) of the Securities Act of 1933 for complying with new or revised accounting standards. We plan
to elect to use the extended period for compliance and, as a result, our financial statements may not be comparable to companies
that comply with public company effective dates. 

10 

Reporting
requirement under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ), and compliance with the Sarbanes-Oxley
Act of 2002 (the Sarbanes-Oxley Act ), including establishing and maintaining acceptable internal controls over financial
reporting, are costly and may increase substantially. 

The
rules and regulations of the SEC require a public company to prepare and file periodic reports under the Exchange Act, which will require
that the Company engage legal, accounting, auditing and other professional services. The engagement of such services is costly. Additionally,
the Sarbanes-Oxley Act requires, among other things, that we design, implement and maintain adequate internal controls and procedures
over financial reporting. The costs of complying with the Sarbanes-Oxley Act and the limited technically qualified personnel we have
may make it difficult for us to design, implement and maintain adequate internal controls over financial reporting. In the event that
we fail to maintain an effective system of internal controls or discover material weaknesses in our internal controls, we may not be
able to produce reliable financial reports or report fraud, which may harm our overall financial condition and result in loss of investor
confidence and a decline in our share price. 

As
a public company, we will be subject to the reporting requirements of the Exchange Act, the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, the Dodd-Frank Act of
2010 and other applicable securities rules and regulations. Despite recent reforms made possible by the JOBS Act, compliance with these
rules and regulations will nonetheless increase our legal and financial compliance costs, make some activities more difficult, time-consuming
or costly and increase demand on our systems and resources, particularly after we are no longer an emerging growth company. 
The Exchange Act requires, among other things, that we file annual, quarterly, and current reports with respect to our business and operating
results. 

We
are working with our legal, accounting and financial advisors to identify those areas in which changes should be made to our financial
and management control systems to manage our growth and our obligations as a public company. These areas include corporate governance,
corporate control, disclosure controls and procedures and financial reporting and accounting systems. We have made, and will continue
to make, changes in these and other areas. However, we anticipate that the expenses that will be required in order to adequately prepare
for being a public company could be material. We estimate that the aggregate cost of increased legal services; accounting and audit functions;
personnel, such as a chief financial officer familiar with the obligations of public company reporting; consultants to design and implement
internal controls; and financial printing alone will be a few hundred thousand dollars per year and could be several hundred thousand
dollars per year. In addition, we may incur additional expenses related to director compensation and/or premiums for directors 
and officers liability insurance, the costs of which we cannot estimate at this time. We may also incur additional expenses associated
with investor relations and similar functions, the cost of which we also cannot estimate at this time. However, these additional expenses
individually, or in the aggregate, may also be material. 

In
addition, being a public company could make it more difficult or more costly for us to obtain certain types of insurance, including directors 
and officers liability insurance, and we may be forced to accept reduced policy limits and coverage or incur substantially higher
costs to obtain the same or similar coverage. The impact of these events could also make it more difficult for us to attract and retain
qualified persons to serve on our board of directors, our board committees or as executive officers. 

The
increased costs associated with operating as a public company may decrease our net income or increase our net loss and may cause us to
reduce costs in other areas of our business or increase the prices of our products or services to offset the effect of such increased
costs. Additionally, if these requirements divert our management s attention from other business concerns, they could have a material
adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

There
is a very limited trading market for our common stock and investors are not assured of the opportunity to sell their stock, should they
desire to do so. 

Our
common stock is currently quoted on the OTC Pink Market. However, our stock has traded in very limited quantities in the past. We believe
a significant factor in the limited market is our limited capitalization and liquidity, results of operations and the characterization
of our stock as a penny stock. We hope to remedy our financial condition and results of operation in the future. This,
in turn, may assist us in obtaining listing of our stock on other exchanges. However, there is no assurance that any of these objectives
will be met or that the market will ever increase to a point where investors could sell their stock at a desirable price, should they
desire to do so. 

The
price of our common stock could be highly volatile. 

Our
shares of common stock are quoted on the OTC Pink Market. It is likely that our common stock will be subject to price volatility, low
volumes of trades and large spreads in bid and ask prices quoted by market makers. Due to the low volume of shares traded on any trading
day, persons buying or selling in relatively small quantities may easily influence prices of our common stock. This low volume of trades
could also cause the price of our stock to fluctuate greatly, with large percentage changes in price occurring in any trading day session.
Holders of our common stock may also not be able to readily liquidate their investment or may be forced to sell at depressed prices due
to low volume trading. If high spreads between the bid and ask prices of our common stock exist at the time of a purchase, the stock
would have to appreciate substantially on a relative percentage basis for an investor to recoup their investment. Broad market fluctuations
and general economic and political conditions may also adversely affect the market price of our common stock. No assurance can be given
that an active market in our common stock will be sustained. If an active market does not continue, holders of our common stock may be
unable to readily sell the shares they hold or may not be able to sell their shares at all. 

11 

We
may be deemed an investment company, which could impose on us burdensome compliance requirements. 

The
Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended (the Investment Company Act ), requires companies to register as an investment
company if they are engaged primarily in the business of investing, reinvesting, owning, holding, or trading securities. Generally, companies
may be deemed investment companies under the Investment Company Act if they are viewed as engaging in the business of investing in securities
or they own investment securities having a value exceeding 40 of certain assets. We are not in the business of investing, reinvesting,
owning, holding or trading securities. However, if the Securities and Exchange Commission deems us to be an investment company, we may
have imposed upon us additional burdensome requirements, including having to register as an investment company, adopting a specific form
of corporation structure and having to comply with certain reporting, record keeping, voting, proxy, and disclosure requirements. Such
additional requirements would require us to incur additional costs and have an adverse effect on our results of operations and our ability
to effectively carry out our business plan. 

Item
1B. Unresolved Staff Comments. 

None 

Item
2. Properties . 

Our
corporate office is located at 2255 Glades Road, Boca Raton, FL 33431. We believe that our facilities are adequate for current operations. 

Item
3. Legal Proceedings. 

As
noted above, NetCo owns all rights to the Tom Clancy s Net Force intellectual property in all media, including film,
television, and video games. As part of the joint venture, NetCo has published more than a dozen books and had an ABC miniseries. 

After
Tom Clancy passed away in 2013, his estate and business partners refused to cooperate in exploiting the intellectual property. After
trying to amicably resolve the dispute, the Company initiated arbitration proceedings with the American Arbitration Association. The
Company s arbitration demand asserts claims for breach of the joint venture agreement and breach of fiduciary duty. Both claims
arise from C.P. Group s failure to make reasonable, good faith efforts to exploit the full array of media rights relating to Net
Force. The Company s goal is to maximize the total potential value of the NetCo intellectual property across video games, streaming,
digital media, merchandising and other ancillary markets. The Company believes that the value of the intellectual property is significant. 

The
arbitration evidentiary hearing concluded on October 20, 2022, and the arbitrator ordered the parties to submit post-hearing briefs.
Final briefs were filed in January 2023. It is unknown as to how long the arbitrator will take to render his decision. 

To
fund efforts to maximize the value of NetCo, NovelStem has secured non-recourse litigation funding. 

Item
4. Mine Safety Disclosures. 

Not
applicable 

12 

PART
II 

[See
General Instruction G2] 

Item
5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities. 

Market
information 

There
is no established public trading market in our common stock, and a regular trading market may not develop, or if developed, may not be
sustained. Our securities are currently quoted on the OTC Markets Pink under the symbol NSTM . The following reflect inter-dealer
prices, without retail mark-up, mark-down or commission and may not necessarily represent actual transactions. 

High 
 Low 
 
 Fiscal 2023 

Quarter ended 3/31/2023 (through
 March 31, 2023) 
 0.20 
 0.15 
 
 Fiscal 2022 

Quarter ended 12/31/2022 
 0.21 
 0.11 
 
 Quarter ended 9/30/2022 
 0.28 
 0.12 
 
 Quarter ended 6/30/2022 
 0.33 
 0.06 
 
 Quarter ended 3/31/2022 
 0.30 
 0.13 

Fiscal 2021 

Quarter ended 12/31/2021 
 0.31 
 0.20 
 
 Quarter ended 9/30/2021 
 0.35 
 0.19 
 
 Quarter ended 6/30/2021 
 0.35 
 0.23 
 
 Quarter ended 3/31/2021 
 0.30 
 0.16 

Fiscal 2020 

Quarter ended 12/31/2020 
 0.20 
 0.05 
 
 Quarter ended 9/30/2020 
 0.09 
 0.05 
 
 Quarter ended 6/30/2020 
 0.13 
 0.07 
 
 Quarter ended 3/31/2020 
 0.13 
 0.08 

Holders 

As
of January 25, 2023 there were 46,881,475 shares of common stock outstanding held by approximately 90 record holders. 

Dividends 

We
have not paid cash dividends on any of our capital stock since our name change and business focus shift in 2018 and currently intend
to retain our future earnings, if any, to fund the development and growth of our business. We do not expect to pay any dividends on
any of our capital stock in the foreseeable future. 

Item
6. [Reserved] 

13 

Item
7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. 

The
following discussion includes statements that are forward-looking in nature. Whether such statements ultimately prove to be accurate
depends on a variety of factors that may affect our business and operations. Certain of these factors are discussed in Item 1A.
Risk Factors. 

The
following discussion of our financial condition and results of operations should be read in conjunction with our financial statements
and the related notes thereto and other financial information appearing elsewhere in this report. 

Overview 

We
are a development stage company and reported net losses of approximately 766,000 and 1,346,000 for the years ended December 31,
2022 and 2021, respectively. We had current assets of approximately 59,000 and current liabilities of approximately 65,000 as of
December 31, 2022. As of December 31, 2021, our current assets and current liabilities were approximately 37,000 and 193,000,
respectively. We have prepared our financial statements for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 assuming that we will
continue as a going concern. Our continuation as a going concern is dependent upon improving our profitability and the continuing
financial support from our shareholders as well as NewStem s ability to successfully develop and commercialize its products.
Our sources of capital in the past have included the sale of equity securities, which include common stock sold in private
transactions, and short-term debt. During the current year, we entered into long term finance agreements with two related party
individuals to fund current operating expenses. 

NewStem
is a development stage Israeli biotech limited liability company focused on pioneering intellectual property related to haploid human
embryonic stem cells for the development of personalized diagnostics and therapeutics for genetic and epigenetic diseases. NewStem has
incurred losses related to in process research and development since inception and the Company records our percentage allocation of these
net losses as incurred. We have included the condensed financial statements of NewStem as an exhibit to this Annual Report. In many cases,
the accounting treatment of a particular transaction is specifically dictated by generally accepted accounting principles, with no need
for management s judgement in their application. There are also areas in which the selection of an available alternative policy
would not produce a materially different result. 

Critical
Accounting Policies 

The
SEC defines critical accounting policies as those that require application of management s most difficult, subjective
or complex judgements, often as a result of the need to make estimates about the effect of matters that are inherently uncertain and
my change in subsequent periods. 

The
following discussion of critical accounting policies represents our attempt to report on these accounting policies which we believe are
critical to our financial statements and other financial disclosure. It is not intended to be a comprehensive list of all of our significant
accounting policies, which are more fully described in Note 2 of the Notes to the Financial Statements included in this Annual Report. 

We
have identified our accounting policy for stock-based compensation as a critical accounting policy. 

We
recognize stock-based compensation expense based on the fair value recognition provision of applicable accounting principles, using the
Black-Scholes option valuation method. Accordingly, we are required to measure the cost of services received in exchange for an award
of equity instruments based on the grant-date fair value of the award and to recognize that cost over the period during which services
are provided in exchange for the award. Under the Black-Scholes method, we make assumptions with respect to the expected lives of the
options that have been granted and are outstanding, the expected volatility, the dividend yield percentage of our common stock and the
risk-free interest rate at the respective dates of grant. 

The
expected volatility factor used to value stock options in 2022 was based on the historical volatility of the market price of our common
stock over a period equal to the expected term of the options. For the expected term of the option, we used an estimate of the expected
option life based on historical experience. The risk-free interest rate used is based upon U.S. Treasury yields for a period consistent
with the expected term of the options. We assumed no quarterly dividend rate. Due to the numerous assumptions involved in calculating
stock-based compensation expense, the expense recognized in our financial statements may differ significantly from the value realized
by option holders on exercise of the share-based instruments. In accordance with the prescribed methodology, we do not adjust our recognized
compensation expense to reflect these differences. 

For
the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, we incurred stock compensation expense with respect to options of approximately 283,000
and 273,000, respectively. 

See
Note 5 to the financial statements for the assumptions used to calculate the fair value of stock-based compensation. 

14 

Results
of Operations. 

The
selected statement of operations data for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 and balance sheet data as of December 31, 2022 and
2021 has been derived from our audited financial statements included in this Annual Report. 

This
data should be read in conjunction with our financial statements and related notes included herein. 

Selected
Statement of Operations Data: 

Years Ended December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 Change 
 
 Administrative fee income 
 12,000 
 - 
 12,000 
 
 Operating expenses: 

General and administrative expenses 
 744,434 
 495,535 
 248,899 
 
 Contra expenses - legal fees 
 (310,000 
 - 
 (310,000 
 
 Total operating expenses 
 434,434 
 495,535 
 (61,101 
 
 Loss from operations 
 (422,434 
 (495,535 
 73,101 
 
 Interest expense 
 11,018 
 6,825 
 4,193 
 
 Net loss before equity in net loss of equity method investees 
 (433,452 
 (502,360 
 68,908 
 
 Equity in net loss of equity method investees 
 (719,802 
 (843,268 
 123,466 
 
 Gain on dilution of equity method investment 
 387,524 
 - 
 387,524 
 
 Net loss 
 (765,730 
 (1,345,628 
 579,898 

2022
Compared to 2021 

We
are a holding company whose primary assets are our ownership of equity interests in NewStem and NetCo. We conduct no other business and
as a result, we have no operating revenue or cost of revenue. During the year ended December 31, 2022, we began charging annual administrative
fees to an affiliated entity. 

The
Company incurs general and administrative G A expenses primarily related to professional fees and insurance. We
incurred G A expenses of approximately 744,000 and 496,000 for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Our
increase in G A expenses relates primarily to stock-based compensation and professional fees incurred in the audit of our
financial statements for the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020, preparation of our quarterly reports for 2022, and, in the
preparation, and filing of our Form 10 registration statement which was filed in August 2022. Specifically, professional fees
increased by 199,000 in the year ended December 31, 2022 as compared to the year ended December 31, 2021. Insurance costs increased
by 31,000 in the year ended December 31, 2022 as compared to the year ended December 31, 2021. The remaining increase in G A
expenses of approximately 9,000 during the year ended December 31, 2022 consists primarily of increases in expenses related to
investor relations and information technology. 

Stock-based
compensation expense increased by approximately 10,000 in the year ended December 31, 2022 as compared to the year ended December
31, 2021. This is primarily due to certain options issued in 2022 having a shorter vesting period. 

During
the year ended December 31, 2022, we recorded a contra expense of 310,000 which is comprised of funds from a litigation funding agreement.
This agreement was signed during the first quarter of 2022 with Omni Bridgeway to fund our arbitration against our 50 joint venture
partner, C.P. Group. This is a nonrecourse agreement, and the Company has no obligation to repay any funds received under the agreement.
In the event of a favorable outcome, Omni Bridgeway would recover disbursed funding as part of their investment return. 

As
part of that funding arrangement, Omni Bridgeway agreed to reimburse NovelStem 310,000 which was comprised of 140,000 for reimbursement
of previously incurred legal expenses and 170,000 for working capital needs including previously incurred general and administrative
costs. There was no contra expense in the year ended December 31, 2021. 

The
Company has recorded no income tax expense as we have incurred operating losses and all deferred tax assets are fully offset by an income
tax valuation allowance. 

We
reported net losses from equity method investees during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. The net losses reported for the
year ended December 31, 2022 included net income of approximately 13,000 from NetCo which was offset by net loss of approximately
 733,000 from NewStem. Net losses reported for the year ended December 31, 2021 included net income of approximately 21,000 from
NetCo which was offset by net loss of approximately 864,000 from NewStem. 

We reported a gain on
dilution of our equity method investment related to stock issuances made to third parties by NewStem. The gain was approximately 388,000
during the year ended December 31, 2022. 

15 

Liquidity
and Capital Resources 

We
have not paid dividends on our common stock since our name change and business focus shift in 2018. Our present policy is to apply cash to investments in product development at NewStem,
acquisitions or expansion; consequently, we do not expect to pay dividends on common stock in the foreseeable future. 

We
expect to continue to incur greater expenses in the near future as we expand our business or enter into strategic partnerships. We also
expect our G A expenses to increase as we expand our finance and administrative staff, add infrastructure, and incur additional costs
related to being a reporting act company, including directors and officers insurance and increased professional fees. 

The
Company will need to obtain additional funds to continue its operations. Management s plans with regard to these matters include
additional financing and fundraising until our equity investment in NewStem is profitable. Although management continues to pursue these
plans, there is no assurance that the Company will be successful in obtaining sufficient cash from financing on terms acceptable to the
Company, or that NewStem will become profitable. 

In
May 2022, the Company entered into an agreement with Jan Loeb, our Executive Chairman and Jerry Wolasky, a member of the Board, which
was amended in July 2022, to borrow up to an aggregate of 600,000 for working capital needs. This agreement provides for funding through
January 31, 2024, provides for interest at a rate of 8 per annum, increased to 10 per annum for advances subsequent to November 11,
2022, and matures the earlier of January 31, 2024 or twenty months from the date of the first funded amount unless the lenders agree
to extend the due date at that time. As of the date of this Form 10-K, the Company has borrowed 292,000 pursuant to the agreement. 

Net
Cash Provided By (Used In) Operating Activities. 

For the year ended December 31, 2022, net cash used in operating activities
was approximately 182,000, which consisted primarily of a net loss of approximately 776,000, offset by noncash equity in loss of equity
method investees of approximately 720,000, netted with gain on dilution of approximately 388,000 and stock-based compensation of approximately 283,000. Additionally, cash was used in operations
related to an increase in current assets of approximately 24,000 and a decrease in accrued liabilities and other payables of approximately
 28,000. 

For the year ended December 31, 2021, net cash used in operating activities
was approximately 181,000, which consisted primarily of a net loss of approximately 1,345,000, offset by noncash equity in loss of equity
method investees of approximately 865,000 and stock-based compensation of approximately 273,000 and an increase in accrued liabilities
and other payables of approximately 24,000. 

Net
Cash Used In Investing Activities. 

For
the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, no net cash was used in investing activities. 

Net
Cash Provided By Financing Activities. 

For
the year ended December 31, 2022, net cash provided by financing activities was 180,000, consisting of long-term borrowings from two
directors of 280,000 and repayment of 100,000 in short-term borrowings from a significant stockholder. 

For
the year ended December 31, 2021, net cash provided by financing activities was 100,000 consisting of short-term borrowings from a significant
stockholder. 

16 

Off-Balance
Sheet Arrangements 

We
are not party to any off-balance sheet transactions. We have no guarantees or obligations other than those which arise out of normal
business operations. 

Contractual
Obligations and Commercial Commitments 

As
of December 31, 2022, we had a contractual obligation related to our directors and officers insurance providing for 10 monthly installments
of 5,184 payable through June 2023. 

As
of December 31, 2021, we did not have contractual obligations and commercial commitments. 

Item
7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk. 

This
section is not applicable. 

Item
8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data. 

Furnished
at the end of this Annual Report, commencing on page F-1. 

Item
9. Changes in and Disagreements With Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure. 

None 

Item
9A. Controls and Procedures. 

Our
Principal Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer conducted an evaluation of our controls and procedures. We have identified material
weaknesses in our internal control and procedures and internal control over financial reporting. If not remediated, our failure to establish
and maintain effective disclosure controls and procedures and internal control over financial reporting could result in material misstatements
in our financial statements and a failure to meet our reporting and financial obligations, each of which could have a material adverse
effect on our financial condition and the trading price of our common stock. 

Maintaining
effective internal control over financial reporting and effective disclosure controls and procedures are necessary for us to produce
reliable financial statements. We have re-evaluated our internal control over financial reporting and our disclosure controls and procedures
and concluded that they were not effective as of December 31, 2022 and we concluded there was a material weakness in the design of our
internal control over financial reporting. 

A
material weakness is defined as a deficiency, or a combination of deficiencies, in internal control over financial reporting such that
there is a reasonable possibility that a material misstatement of our annual or interim financial statements will not be prevented or
detected on a timely basis. 

The
material weaknesses identified included insufficient resources to employ proper segregation of duties over the processing of transactions
and financial reporting. 

17 

Remediation
Actions 

Management
intends to focus on strengthening the Company s internal controls. Management expects to make progress towards reducing the risk
that the material weakness could result in a material misstatement of the Company s annual or interim financial statements. As
resources permit, management will continue to systematically build the necessary capabilities and infrastructure to implement corrective
action. 

Changes
in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 

There
was no change in our internal control over financial reporting (as such term is defined in Rule 13a-15(f) under the Exchange Act) during
the period covered by this report that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over
financial reporting. 

Item
9B. Other Information. 

None 

Item
9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections. 

Not
applicable. 

18 

PART
III 

Item
10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance. 

Biographical
and certain other information concerning the Company s officers and directors is set forth below. There are no familial relationships
among any of our officers or directors. Except as indicated below, none of our directors is a director in any other reporting companies.
None of our officers or directors has been affiliated with any company that has filed for bankruptcy within the last ten years except
that Jan Loeb has previously been affiliated with Kid Brands, Inc., which filed for bankruptcy in June 2014. We are not aware of any
proceedings to which any of our officers or directors, or any associate of any such officer or director is a party adverse to us or any
of our subsidiaries or has a material interest adverse to us or any of our subsidiaries. Unless otherwise indicated, there are no arrangements
or understandings between any officer and any other person pursuant to which such person was selected as an officer. 

Jan
 Loeb President and Executive Chairman 64 Mr. Loeb has more than 40 years of business, money management and investment
 banking experience. He has served as Chairman of our Board since July 2018 and on September 29, 2022 was appointed as Executive Chairman.
 On January 13, 2023, Mr. Loeb was appointed President of the Company. He has been the Managing Member of Leap Tide Capital Management
 LLC since 2007 and has served as President and CEO of Acorn Energy, Inc. since January 2016 and as a Director since August 2015.
 He has been a Director of Keweenaw Land Association, Ltd. From 2005 to 2007, Mr. Loeb was President of Leap Tide s predecessor,
 formerly known as AmTrust Capital Management Inc. He served as a Portfolio Manager of Chesapeake Partners from February 2004 to January
 2005 and as Managing Director at Jefferies Company, Inc. from 2002 to 2004. From 1994 to 2001, he served as Managing Director
 at Dresdner Kleinwort Wasserstein, Inc. (formerly Wasserstein Perella Co., Inc.). Mr. Loeb was a Lead Director of American
 Pacific Corporation from 2013 to 2014 and a Director from 1997 to 2014. He also served as an Independent Director of Pernix Therapeutics
 Holdings Inc. (formerly, Golf Trust of America, Inc.) from 2006 to 2011 and as a Director of TAT Technologies, Ltd. from 2009 to
 2016. 

Christine
 Jenkins Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 59 Ms. Jenkins has over thirty-five years of experience in
 public accounting, including audit, consulting and corporate tax. Ms. Jenkins is currently serving as a consultant providing audit
 and accounting consultation to publicly-traded and large privately held companies. From 2010 to 2018 Ms. Jenkins was an audit partner
 with Cherry Bekaert, LLP. Prior to Cherry Bekaert, from 1995 to 2010, Ms. Jenkins was a partner in a local accounting firm in Atlanta,
 GA. Prior experience included audit and tax positions in public accounting firms. 

Mitchell
 Rubenstein Director 68 Mr. Rubenstein co-founded and served as Chairman of HMC from its inception to June 2018,
 during which period the company returned approximately 37 million to shareholders in the form of dividends and share repurchases,
 including a tender offer. He founded Syfy Channel and numerous other media and digital businesses. 

Eric Richman Director -61
 Mr. Richman is a life science executive with significant leadership, operational and strategic experience from over 25 years in the
 field. He is currently The CEO of Gain Therapeutics and was a Venture Partner at Brace Pharma Capital and serves on the boards of
 LabConnect, F2G (board observer) and previously ADMA Biologics (NASDAQ: ADMA). Previously he served as President CEO of PharmAthene
 and prior to that was part of the founding team at MedImmune, responsible for the U.S. launch of its first commercial product and
 an integral part of the global launch teams for other products. He began his career at HealthCare Ventures, a life-sciences focused
 VC firm and formerly was a Director of Lev Pharmaceuticals (sold to Viropharma) and American Bank (sold to Congressional Bancshares)
 and served as CEO of Tyrogenex (sold to Betta Pharma). 

David
 Seltzer Director 62 Mr. Seltzer is the CEO and Founder of Reliable 1 Laboratories LLC, a distributor of OTC medications
 and nutritional supplements to independent pharmacies, long-term care pharmacies, hospitals and government organizations. He is also
 a minority owner and Director at Leading Pharma LLC, a generic manufacturer of prescription drugs, having previously served as President
 and CEO and later Chairman of Hi-Tech Pharmacal Co., Inc., which was acquired by Akorn, Inc. for 640 million in 2014. 

Jerry
 Wolasky Director 64 Mr. Wolasky has over 35 years experience in the wholesale pharmaceutical business,
 most recently for the past 15 years in his current role as President of HealthSource Distributors LLC. He previously served in executive
 positions of increasing responsibility for AmerisourceBergen, and its predecessor company, Bergen Brunswig. 

Tracy Clifford Director -54 Ms. Clifford has over twenty years
 of experience in accounting and finance, including mergers and acquisitions of public companies. Ms. Clifford is the CFO of Acorn
 Energy, Inc. and COO of its operating subsidiary Omnimetrix Inc. and since 2015 she has served as a contract CFO and COO for several
 clients, participated on advisory boards and worked on numerous project engagements. Ms. Clifford previously served as CFO, Principal
 Accounting Officer, Corporate Controller and Secretary for a publicly traded pharmaceutical company and a publicly-traded REIT from
 1999 to 2015. Ms. Clifford s prior experience included accounting leadership positions at United Healthcare, the North Broward
 Hospital District and the audit team of Deloitte Touche. 

19 

Audit
Committee; Audit Committee Financial Expert 

The
Company s full board is functioning as our audit committee at the time of this Annual Report. 

Compensation
Committee 

We
do not have a compensation committee or persons participating in deliberations concerning executive officer compensation as there was
no executive officer compensation paid other than hourly payments for Chief Financial Officer services during 2022. 

Nominating
Committee 

We
do not have a nominating committee. All directors participate in the nomination and election of directors. 

Section
16(a) Beneficial Ownership Reporting Compliance; Delinquent Section 16(a) Reports 

Section
16(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (the Exchange Act requires our executive officers and directors, and persons
who own more than 10 of a registered class of our equity securities to file reports of ownership and changes in ownership with the SEC.
These persons are also required by SEC regulation to furnish us with copies of all Section 16(a) forms they file. Further, we have implemented
measures to assure timely filing of Section 16(a) reports by our executive officers and directors. Based solely on our review of such
forms or written representations from certain reporting persons, we believe that during 2021 our executive officers and directors complied
with the filing requirements of Section 16(a). 

Code
of Ethics 

To
be added 

Changes
in control 

There
are no arrangements which may at a subsequent date result in a change in control of the Company 

20 

Item
11. Executive Compensation. 

Executive
and Director Compensation 

Summary Compensation Table 

Option 
 All Other 

Salary 
 Bonus 
 Awards 
 Compensation 
 Total 
 
 Name and Principal Position 
 Year 
 ) 
 ) 
 ) 
 ) 
 ) 
 
 Jan H. Loeb 
 2022 
 - 
 - 
 27,170 (1) 
 - 
 27,170 
 
 President and Executive Chairman 
 2021 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Christine Jenkins 
 2022 
 58,725 (2) 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 58,725 
 
 Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 
 2021 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Mitchell Rubenstein 
 2022 
 - 
 - 
 27,170 (1) 
 - 
 27,170 
 
 Director 
 2021 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Eric Richman 
 2022 
 - 
 - 
 27,170 (1) 
 - 
 27,170 
 
 Director 
 2021 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

David Seltzer 
 2022 
 - 
 - 
 27,170 (1) 
 - 
 27,170 
 
 Director 
 2021 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Jerry Wolasky 
 2022 
 - 
 - 
 27,170 (1) 
 - 
 27,170 
 
 Director 
 2021 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Tracy Clifford 
 2022 
 - 
 - 
 27,170 (1) 
 - 
 27,170 
 
 Director 
 2021 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

(1) Represents
 the grant date fair value calculated in accordance with applicable accounting principles
 with respect to 100,000 options granted per Executive/Director on January 31, 2022 with an exercise price of 0.29.
 The fair value of the options was determined using the Black-Scholes option pricing model
 using the following assumptions: (i) a risk-free interest rate of 1.505 (ii) an expected
 term of 4 years (iii) an assumed volatility of 184.74 and (iv) no dividends. 
 
 (2) Represents
 hourly fees paid to Ms. Jenkins for the provision of services as Chief Financial Officer
 of the Company. 

21 

Executive
Compensation for 2021 and 2022 

Prior
to being appointed as our Chief Financial Officer on September 29, 2022 and Vice President on January 13, 2023, beginning in March 2022,
Ms. Jenkins served as our outside consultant providing certain financial services. Ms. Jenkins is paid on an hourly basis. Mr. Loeb was
appointed as Executive Chairman on September 29, 2022 and President on January 13, 2023 and does not receive any compensation for his
role as an officer of the Company. 

The
Company pays compensation to its directors pursuant to the NovelStem International Corp. Equity Incentive Plan (the Plan ). 

The
Plan provides for the grant to officers, directors, third party contractors and other future key employees of options to purchase shares
of common stock. Under the Plan, the Company is authorized to issue up to 7,000,000 shares of common stock as equity awards under the
Plan. Awards may be made in the form of options, stock appreciation rights SARs ), restricted stock or restricted stock
units, or stock bonus awards in respect of the Company s common stock of the Company. Grants to any single participant or non-executive
director during any calendar year may not exceed 1,000,000 shares. 

The
purchase price may be paid in cash or at the end of the option term, if the option is in-the-money , it is automatically
exercised net . In a net exercise of an option, the Company does not require a payment of the exercise price of the option
from the optionee but reduces the number of shares of common stock issued upon the exercise of the option by the smallest number of whole
shares that has an aggregate fair market value equal to or in excess of the aggregate exercise price for the option shares covered by
the option exercised. Each option is exercisable to one share of the Company s common stock. 

Options
awarded under the Plan shall be awarded at an exercise price of not less than the fair market value of a share of our common stock as
of the grant date and shall vest and become exercisable after a period not to exceed seven (7) years. SARs awarded under the Plan shall
have a strike price per share of common stock of not less than the fair market value of a share of our common stock, provided that, in
the case of a SAR granted in tandem with an option, the strike price shall not be less than the exercise price of the related option.
A SAR granted in tandem with an option shall become exercisable and shall expire according to the same vesting schedule and expiration
provisions as the corresponding option, such date not to exceed seven (7) years of the grant date. 

In
the event of the termination of an employee, third party service provider, officer or Director s service on the Board of the Company
for any reason other than for cause, all of the Options which are then vested may be exercised within 18 months of such termination,
provided that, in no event shall this extension period continue beyond the expiration of the term of the option(s). In addition, any
such extension shall be applicable only to the extent that such option or options are vested and exercisable according to the terms of
the Plan and any applicable option agreement. Any unvested options are immediately terminated on the effective date of the termination.
In the event of termination of an employee, third party service provider, officer or Director s service for cause, all options
are forfeited and deemed cancelled and no longer exercisable as of the date of termination. 

22 

Outstanding
Equity Awards at 2022 Fiscal Year End 

The
following tables set forth all outstanding equity awards made to each of the Executives and Directors that were outstanding at December
31, 2022. 

Options to Purchase NovelStem International Corp. Stock 
 
 Name 
 Number of Securities Underlying Unexercised Options (#) Exercisable 
 Number of Securities Underlying Unexercised Options (#) Unexercisable 
 Option Exercise Price ) 
 Option Expiration Date 
 
 Jan H. Loeb 
 50,000 
 
 0.10 
 November 12, 2025 

50,000 
 
 0.10 
 November 26, 2026 

1,000,000 
 
 0.10 
 November 24, 2027 

100,000 
 0.29 
 January 31, 2029 
 
 Mitchell Rubenstein 
 50,000 
 
 0.10 
 November 12, 2025 

50,000 
 
 0.10 
 November 26, 2026 

1,000,000 
 
 0.10 
 November 24, 2027 

100,000 
 0.29 
 January 31, 2029 
 
 Eric Richman 
 50,000 
 
 0.10 
 November 12, 2025 

50,000 
 
 0.10 
 November 26, 2026 

50,000 
 
 0.10 
 November 24, 2027 

100,000 
 0.29 
 January 31, 2029 
 
 David Seltzer 
 50,000 
 
 0.10 
 November 12, 2025 

50,000 
 
 0.10 
 November 26, 2026 

50,000 
 
 0.10 
 November 24, 2027 

100,000 
 0.29 
 January 31, 2029 
 
 Jerry Wolasky 
 50,000 
 
 0.10 
 November 12, 2025 

50,000 
 
 0.10 
 November 26, 2026 

50,000 
 
 0.10 
 November 24, 2027 

100,000 
 0.29 
 January 31, 2029 
 
 Tracy Clifford 
 50,000 
 
 0.10 
 November 12, 2025 

50,000 
 
 0.10 
 November 26, 2026 

1,000,000 
 
 0.10 
 November 24, 2027 

100,000 
 0.29 
 January 31, 2029 
 
 Christine Jenkins 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Warrants to Purchase NovelStem International Corp. Stock 
 
 Name 
 Number of Securities Underlying Unexercised Warrants (#) Exercisable 
 Number of Securities Underlying Unexercised Warrants (#) Unexercisable 
 Warrant Exercise Price ) 
 Warrant Expiration Date 
 
 Jan H. Loeb 
 2,250,000 
 - 
 0.13 
 June 28, 2023 
 
 Mitchell Rubenstein 
 750,000 
 - 
 0.10 
 June 28, 2023 
 
 Eric Richman 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 David Seltzer 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Jerry Wolasky 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Tracy Clifford 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Christine Jenkins 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

23 

Option
and Warrant Exercises 

None 

Non-qualified
Deferred Compensation 

The
Company has no deferred compensation plan in place during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

Payments
and Benefits Upon Termination or Change in Control 

There
are no agreements in place with any Executive or Director that would provide for any amounts due under any termination scenario at December
31, 2022. 

Item
12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters. 

The
following table sets forth certain information with respect to the beneficial ownership of our common stock, as of January 25, 2023,
for each person known by us to be the beneficial owner of more than 5 of our outstanding shares of common stock, each of our directors
and all directors as a group. The Company has no executive officers. Except as indicated in footnotes to this table, we believe that
the shareholders named in this table will have sole voting and investment power with respect to all shares of common stock shown to be
beneficially owned by them, based on information provided to us by such shareholders. 

Security
Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management 

Name
 and Address of beneficial owner (6) 
 
 Amount
 and nature of beneficial ownership 

Percent
 of total common equity (1) 

Christine
 Jenkins 

Michael
 Sosnowik 

2,770,270 

5.9 

Stephen
 Gans 

5,537,978 

11.8 

Jan
 Loeb 

7,570,673 
 (2)(3)(4) 

15.1 

Jerry
 Wolasky 

10,122,973 
 (3)(4) 

21.5 

Tracy
 Clifford 

1,100,000 
 (4) 

2.3 

Eric
 Richman 

754,054 
 (3)(4) 

1.5 

Mitchell
 Rubenstein 

2,958,108 
 (4)(5) 

6.1 

David
 Seltzer 

4,028,378 
 (3)(4) 

8.6 

All
 directors and officers as a group (seven persons) 

26,484,186 

49.4 

(1)
Applicable percentage ownership is based on 46,881,475 shares of common stock outstanding as of January 25, 2023, together with securities
exercisable or convertible into shares of common stock within 60 days of January 25, 2023. Beneficial ownership is determined in accordance
with the rules of the Securities and Exchange Commission and generally includes voting or investment power with respect to securities.
Shares of common stock that a person has the right to acquire beneficial ownership of upon the exercise or conversion of options, convertible
stock, warrants or other securities that are currently exercisable or convertible or that will become exercisable or convertible within
60 days of January 25, 2023, are deemed to be beneficially owned by the person holding such securities for the purpose of computing the
number of shares beneficially owned and percentage of ownership of such person, but are not treated as outstanding for the purpose of
computing the percentage ownership of any other person. 

(2)
Includes 1,108,108 held in an IRA and 874,528 held as Trustee for the Steinberg Family Trust. Includes warrants to purchase 2.25 million
shares of common stock at an exercise price of 0.13 per share and options to purchase 1.10 million shares of common stock at an exercise
price of 0.10 per share. 

(3)
Includes options to purchase 150,000 shares of common stock at an exercise price of 0.10 per share. 

(4)
Director. 

(5)
Includes options and warrants to purchase 1,850,000 shares of common stock at an exercise price of 0.10 per share. 

(6)
The address of each person is c/o NovelStem International Corp. 2255 Glades Road, Suite 221A, Boca Raton, FL 33431. 

24 

Securities
authorized for issuance under equity compensation plans. 

Equity
Compensation Plan Information 

Plan category 
 Number of securities to be issued upon exercise of outstanding options, warrants and rights 
 Weighted-average exercise price of outstanding options, warrants and rights 
 Number of securities remaining available for future issuance under equity compensation plans (excluding securities reflected in column (a)) 

(a) 
 (b) 
 (c) 
 
 Equity compensation plans approved by security holders 

Equity compensation plans not approved by security holders 
 8,400,000 
 0.13 
 1,600,000 
 
 Total 
 8,400,000 
 0.13 
 1,600,000 

Item
13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence. 

Jan
Loeb, our President and Executive Chairman of the Board, is also the Chairman of the Board of NewStem. 

On
November 15, 2021, in connection with previous, the Company issued 1,729,729 shares of common stock to directors as a result of certain
contingent assets not being realized, as required by the governing financing documents. A summary of the shares issued follows: 

Shares 
 
 Jan Loeb 
 270,270 
 
 Mitchell Rubenstein 
 108,108 
 
 Jerry Wolasky 
 972,973 
 
 David Seltzer 
 324,324 
 
 Eric Richman 
 54,054 
 
 Total 
 1,729,729 

On
April 12, 2021, the Company entered into a promissory note (the Note with Stephen Gans for 100,000. The Note accrued
interest at 8 per annum and matured on April 12, 2022. The proceeds of this Note were used to pay operating expenses of the Company
including directors and officer insurance premiums. Interest expense accrued related this this Note was 5,752 for the year ended December
31, 2021. The Note and all accrued interest were paid in full on February 16, 2022. 

In May 2022, the Company entered into a
finance agreement with Jan Loeb and Jerry Wolasky, shareholders and Board members, which was amended in July 2022, to borrow up to an
aggregate of 600,000 for working capital needs. This agreement provides for funding through January 31, 2024, provides for interest at
a rate of 8 per annum through November 11, 2022, at which time the interest rate increased to 10 per annum for subsequent advances . 
 The agreement matures the earlier of January 31, 2024 or 20 months from the date of the first funded amount
unless the lenders agree to extend the due date at that time. As of the date of this Annual Report, the Company has received advances
of 342,000 under the aforementioned agreement. 

Except
as disclosed herein, no director, executive officer, shareholder holding at least 5 of shares of our common stock, or any family member
thereof, had any material interest, direct or indirect, in any transaction, or proposed transaction since January 1, 2019, in which the
amount involved in the transaction exceeds the lesser of 120,000 or one percent of the average of our total assets at the year-end for
the last two completed fiscal years. 

25 

Review,
Approval or Ratification of Transactions with Related Persons 

The
Board conducts an appropriate review of and oversees all related party transactions on a continuing basis and reviews potential conflict
of interest situations where appropriate. The Board has adopted formal standards to apply when it reviews, approves or ratifies any related
party transaction. In addition, the Board applies the following standards to such reviews: (i) all related party transactions must be
fair and reasonable and on terms comparable to those reasonably expected to be agreed to with independent third parties for the same
goods and/or services at the time they are authorized by the Board and (ii) all related party transactions should be authorized, approved
or ratified by the affirmative vote of a majority of the directors who have no interest, either directly or indirectly, in any such related
party transaction. 

Director
Independence. 

We
have determined that, under the criteria established by NASDAQ and by our board of directors, Tracy Clifford, Eric Richman, Mitchell
Rubenstein and David Seltzer are independent. 

Item
14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services. 

Accounting
Fees 

Cherry
Bekaert LLP 

The
following table summarizes the fees accrued and paid by NovelStem for professional services rendered by Cherry Bekaert LLP for the
years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

2022 
 2021 
 
 Audit fees 
 60,800 
 68,000 
 
 Tax Fees 
 3,500 
 11,100 
 
 All other fees 
 13,050 
 - 
 
 Total 
 77,350 
 79,100 

Pre-Approval
Policies and Procedures 

The
Audit Committee s current policy is to pre-approve all audit and non-audit services that are to be performed and fees to be charged
by our independent auditor to assure that the provision of these services does not impair the independence of the auditor. The Audit
Committee pre-approved all audit and non-audit services rendered by our principal accountant in 2022 and 2021. 

26 

PART
IV 

Item
15. Exhibit and Financial Statement Schedules. 

(a) 
 Financial
 Statements. 

The
following financial statements are filed as part of this registration statement: 

NOVELSTEM
INTERNATIONAL CORP. 

 Years
Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 

 Index
to Audited Financial Statements 

Page 
 
 Audited
 Financial Statements 

Report
 of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID 
 F-1 
 
 Balance
 Sheets 
 F-2 
 
 Statements
 of Operations 
 F-3 
 
 Statements
 of Changes in Shareholders Equity 
 F-4 
 
 Statements
 of Cash Flows 
 F-5 
 
 Notes
 to Financial Statements 
 F-6 

27 

Report
of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 

To
the Board of Directors and Stockholders 

 NovelStem
International Corp. 

 Boca
Raton, Florida 

Opinion
on the Financial Statements 

We
have audited the accompanying balance sheets of NovelStem International Corp. (the Company as of December 31, 2022 and
2021, and the related statements of operations, shareholders equity, and cash flows for each of the years in the two-year period
ended December 31, 2022, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the financial statements). In our opinion, the financial
statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the
results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the years in the two-year period ended December 31, 2022, in conformity with
accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 

Basis
for Opinion 

These
financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s
financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board
(United States) (PCAOB) and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities
laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

We
conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain
reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company
is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits,
we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion
on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 

Our
audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error
or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding
the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant
estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits
provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

/s/ 

We have served as the Company s auditor
 since 2021. 

March 31, 2023 

F- 1 

NOVELSTEM
INTERNATIONAL CORP. 

 BALANCE
SHEETS 

2022 
 2021 

As of December 31, 

2022 
 2021 

ASSETS 

Current assets: 

Cash 

Accounts receivable, administrative fees 
 
 - 
 
 Prepaid expenses 

Other current assets 

Total current assets 

Non-current assets 

Property and equipment, net 

Investment in Netco 

Investment in NewStem 

Total assets 

LIABILITIES AND SHAREHOLDERS EQUITY 

Current liabilities: 

Accounts payable 

Note payable 
 - 

Accrued expenses 

Other liabilities 

Total current liabilities 

Non-current liabilities 

Convertible financial instrument 

Long-term note payable, including accrued interest 
 
 - 
 
 Total liabilities 

Commitments and contingencies (see Note 7) 
 - 
 - 
 
 Shareholders equity: 

Common stock, par value, shares authorized, shares issued at December 31, 2022 and 2021 and shares outstanding at December 31, 2022 and 2021 

Additional paid-in capital 

Accumulated deficit 

Treasury stock, at cost, shares at December 31, 2022 and 2021 

Total shareholders equity 

Total liabilities and shareholders equity 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements. 

F- 2 

NOVELSTEM
INTERNATIONAL CORP. 

 STATEMENTS
OF OPERATIONS 

2022 
 2021 

Years Ended 

December 31, 

2022 
 2021 

Administrative fee income 
 
 - 
 
 Operating expenses: 

Research and development expenses 

Less grants and participations received 

Research and development expenses, net 

General and administrative expenses 

Contra expenses - legal fees 
 
 - 
 
 Total operating expenses 

Loss from operations 

Financial (income) expenses, net 

Interest expense 

Loss before income taxes 

Provision for income tax 
 - 
 - 
 
 Net loss before equity in net loss of equity method investees 

Equity in net loss of equity method investees 

Gain on dilution of equity method investment 
 
 - 
 
 Net loss 

Basic and diluted net loss per share: 

Net loss per share - basic and diluted 

Weighted average number of shares outstanding basic 

Weighted average number of shares outstanding diluted 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements. 

F- 3 

NOVELSTEM
INTERNATIONAL CORP. 

 STATEMENTS
OF SHAREHOLDERS EQUITY 

Number 

Additional 
 
 of 
 
 Total 

Number of 
 Common 
 Paid-In 
 Accumulated 
 Treasury 
 Treasury 
 Shareholders 

Shares 
 Stock 
 Capital 
 Deficit 
 Shares 
 Stock 
 Equity 

Balance December 31, 2020 

Net loss 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 

Stock issued 

- 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Stock-based compensation 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 

Balance, December 31, 2021 

Balance 

Net loss 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 

Stock-based
 compensation 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Balance, December 31, 2022 

Balance 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements. 

F- 4 

NOVELSTEM
INTERNATIONAL CORP. 

 STATEMENTS
OF CASH FLOWS 

2022 
 2021 

Years
 Ended 

December
 31, 

2022 
 2021 

Cash flows from operating
 activities: 

Net
 loss 

Adjustments
 required to reconcile loss to net cash used in operating 

Equity
 in loss of equity method investees 

Gain on dilution of equity method investment 
 
 - 
 
 Distribution
 from NetCo 

Accrued
 interest added to long-term note payable 
 
 - 
 
 Stock-based
 compensation 

Accrued
 interest added to long-term note payable 

Depreciation 

Revaluation
 of marketable securities 

Revaluation
 of convertible financial instrument 

Change
 in operating assets and liabilities: 

Accounts
 receivable, administrative fees 
 
 - 
 
 Prepaid
 expenses 

Increase
 (decrease) in other current assets 

Increase
 (decrease) in other liabilities 

Accounts
 payable 

Accrued
 expenses 

Net
 cash used in operating activities 

Cash flows from investing
 activities 

Proceeds from the sale of
 marketable securities 

Purchase of property and equipment 

Net cash provided by investing
 activities 

Cash flows from financing
 activities: 

Proceeds
 from (repayment of) note payable, current 

Proceeds
 from a convertible financial instrument 

Issuance
 of shares, net 

Proceeds
 from long-term note payable 
 
 - 
 
 Net
 cash from financing activities 

Net change in cash 

Cash
 at the beginning of the year 

Cash
 at the end of the year 

Supplemental cash flow information: 

Cash paid during the year
 for: 

Interest 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements. 

F- 5 

NOVELSTEM
INTERNATIONAL CORP. 

 Notes
to Financial Statements 

equity interest in NewStem Ltd, an Israeli biotech company NewStem ), and a equity interest in NetCo Partners NetCo ).
NovelStem was formerly known as Hollywood Media Corp. The Company was incorporated in the State of Florida on January 22, 1993 and changed
its name to NovelStem International Corp. in September 2018 as a result of its business focus shift from a media business to cutting
edge biotech. 

NewStem
focuses on the development and commercialization of diagnostic technology that can predict patients anti-cancer drug resistance,
allowing for targeted cancer treatments and the potential to reduce resistance to chemotherapy. 

NetCo
is a legacy media business interest which owns Net Force , a book publishing franchise. 

Liquidity
and Management s Plans 

Since
inception, the Company has accumulated a deficit of approximately .
The accumulated deficit of the Company subsequent to its business focus shift and name change in September 2018 is approximately which is comprised primarily of allocated losses from equity method investments and general and administrative costs incurred
by the Company. 

The
Company will need to obtain additional funds to continue its operations. Management s plans with regard to these matters include
additional financing and fundraising until its equity investment in NewStem is profitable. Although management continues to pursue these
plans, there is no assurance that the Company will be successful in obtaining sufficient cash from financing on terms acceptable to the
Company, or that NewStem will become profitable (see Note 3). 

In
May 2022, the Company entered into a finance agreement with two individuals who are shareholders and directors, which was amended in
July 2022, to borrow up to for working capital needs (see Note 4). Following this financing, the Company believes that its cash
resources are sufficient for the operations of the next 12 months. 

NOVELSTEM
INTERNATIONAL CORP. 

 Notes
to Financial Statements 

Under the equity method of accounting, an Investee company s
accounts are not reflected within the Company s Balance Sheets or Statements of Operations; however, the Company s share
of the earnings or losses of the Investee company is reflected in the caption Equity in net income (loss) of equity method investees 
in the Statements of Operations. The Company s carrying value in an equity method Investee company is reflected in the caption
 Investment in Investee company in the Company s Balance Sheets. 

When
the Company s carrying value in an equity method Investee company is reduced to zero, no further losses are recorded in the Company s
financial statements unless the Company guarantied obligations of the Investee company or has committed additional funding. When the
Investee company subsequently reports income, the Company will not record its share of such income until it equals the amount of its
share of losses not previously recognized. 

The Company recognizes a gain or loss on dilution when the equity method
Investee company issues stock to third parties. 

The
Company reviews equity investments for impairment on an annual basis, or earlier if events or changes in circumstances indicate that
the carrying amounts might not be recoverable. 

The
Company holds a minority investment in an entity, NewStem, which is accounted for pursuant to the equity method of accounting. Additionally,
the Company is a joint venture partner in NetCo which is accounted for pursuant to the equity method of accounting. See Note 3. 

NOVELSTEM
INTERNATIONAL CORP. 

 Notes
to Financial Statements 

NOVELSTEM
INTERNATIONAL CORP. 

 Notes
to Financial Statements 

Weighted average shares outstanding: 

-Basic 

Add: Warrants 
 - 
 - 
 
 Add: Stock options 
 - 
 - 
 
 -Diluted 

Basic and diluted net loss per share 

Stock options 

to NewStem. This funding was to be provided through the sale of up to 
common shares of NewStem to the Company representing 
of New Stem s outstanding shares. In 2018, the Company purchased 
shares of NewStem for 
acquiring an ownership interest of .
The Company made additional investments in 2019 and 2020 purchasing 
shares each year for a 
investment each year. NewStem sold and issued shares to third party investors in 2021 and 2022 resulting in the Company recognizing
a gain on dilution of equity method investment. These transactions resulted in the Company having an ownership interest of 
and ,
respectively, as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

The
Company accounts for its investment in NewStem under the equity method. At December 31, 2022 and 2021, the carrying value of the investment
in NewStem exceeded the underlying net assets of NewStem by and , respectively. The excess relates to identified
intangible assets including license agreements, specialized work force (goodwill) and two separate projects of in process research and
development IPR D related to stem cell-based diagnostics and therapeutics for cancer chemotherapies. 

NOVELSTEM
INTERNATIONAL CORP. 

 Notes
to Financial Statements 

The
Company assesses its investment in NewStem for impairment on an annual basis. 

NewStem
is in the development stage and has incurred losses since its inception and has yet to generate any revenues. NewStem will need to obtain
additional funds to continue its operations. NewStem management s plans with regard to these matters include continued development,
marketing and licensing of its products, as well as seeking additional financing arrangements. Although management continues to pursue
these plans, there is no assurance that the Company will be successful in obtaining sufficient cash from sales of products or financing
on terms acceptable to the Company. NewStem obtained additional funding of approximately in 2022 through the sale of
shares or ordinary stock. 

Allocation of net loss from NewStem 

Gain on dilution of equity method investment 
 
 - 
 
 Purchase of NewStem shares 
 - 
 - 
 
 Investment in NewStem, ending 

Company s allocation
 of net loss from NewStem 

2022 
 2021 

As
 of December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 Condensed balance sheet information: 

Current
 assets 

Non-current assets 

Current liabilities 

Non-current liabilities 

NOVELSTEM
INTERNATIONAL CORP. 

 Notes
to Financial Statements 

Investment
in NetCo 

NovelStem
owns a interest in NetCo, a joint venture that owns the Net Force publishing franchise. The Company accounts for its investment in
NetCo under the equity method and recognizes nominal royalties from this arrangement. The Company assesses its investment in NetCo for
impairment on an annual basis. 

Allocation of net income from Netco 

Distribution from NetCo

Investment in NetCo, ending 

Gross margin 
 - 
 - 
 
 Net income 

Net income (loss) 

Company s allocation
 of net income from NetCo 

2022 
 2021 

As
 of December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 Condensed balance sheet information: 

Current
 assets 

Non-current assets 

Current liabilities 

Non-current liabilities 
 - 
 - 

NOVELSTEM
INTERNATIONAL CORP. 

 Notes
to Financial Statements 

. The
Note accrued interest at per annum and matured on . The proceeds of this Note were used to pay operating expenses of
the Company including directors and officer insurance premiums. Interest expense accrued related this this Note was for the year
ended December 31, 2021. The Note and all accrued interest, totaling , were paid in full on February 16, 2022. 

In
May 2022, the Company entered into a finance agreement (the Agreement with two individuals who are shareholders and directors,
which was amended in July 2022, to borrow up to for working capital needs. This Agreement provides for funding through January
31, 2024 and provides for interest at a rate of per annum through November 11, 2022, at which time the interest rate increased to
 per annum for subsequent advances. The Agreement matures the earlier of or 20 months from the date of the first
funded amount unless the shareholders agree to extend the due date at that time. The Company received advances of pursuant to
this agreement through December 31, 2022. 

shares of its common stock, par value per share. Holders
of outstanding common stock are entitled to receive dividends when, as and if declared by the Board and to share ratably in the assets
of the Company legally available for distribution in the event of a liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the Company. 

On
November 15, 2021, in a noncash transaction, the Company issued approximately shares of common stock to existing holders of
subscription agreements dated June 2020. These subscription agreements provided for the issuance of additional shares if certain contingent
assets were not realized. It was determined during the year ended December 31, 2021 that the contingent asset would not be realized and
the shares were issued. 

(b)
Summary Employee Option Information 

The
Company s stock option plans provide for the grant to officers, directors, third party contractors and other future key employees
of options to purchase shares of common stock. The purchase price may be paid in cash or at the end of the option term, if the option
is in-the-money , it is automatically exercised net . In a net exercise of an option, the Company does not
require a payment of the exercise price of the option from the optionee but reduces the number of shares of common stock issued upon
the exercise of the option by the smallest number of whole shares that has an aggregate fair market value equal to or in excess of the
aggregate exercise price for the option shares covered by the option exercised. Each option is exercisable to one share of the Company s
common stock. Most options expire within six years from the date of the grant and generally vest on the first anniversary date of their
issuance. Pursuant to the Equity Incentive Plan approved by the Company s board of directors on November 12, 2018, an aggregate
of options have been issued to directors and investor relations professionals. 

NOVELSTEM
INTERNATIONAL CORP. 

 Notes
to Financial Statements 

Expected term, in years 

Expected volatility 

Expected dividend yield 

Determined weighted average grant date fair value per option 
 
 - 

The
expected term of the options represents an estimate of the length of time until the expected date of exercising the options. Options
granted have a maximum life of years. With respect to determining expected exercise behavior, the Company has grouped its option grants
into certain groups in order to track exercise behavior and establish historical rates. The Company estimated volatility by considering
historical stock volatility over the expected term of the option. The risk-free interest rates are based on the U.S. Treasury yields
for a period consistent with the expected term. The dividend yield of is based on the Company s history and expectation of dividend
payout. The Company has not paid and does not anticipate paying of dividends in the near future. 

(c)
Summary Option Information 

Granted 

- 
 - 
 
 Outstanding at end of
 year 

Exercisable at end of
 year 

Stock-based
compensation expense was approximately and in the years ending December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

The
total compensation cost related to non-vested awards not yet recognized was approximately as of December 31, 2022. An award of options granted on January 31, 2022 had special vesting provisions whereby the awards fully vested
in 2022. All awards
outstanding as of December 31, 2021 were vested. 

NOVELSTEM
INTERNATIONAL CORP. 

 Notes
to Financial Statements 

(d)
Warrants 

The
Company has issued warrants at exercise prices equal to or greater than market value of the Company s common stock at the date
of issuance. A summary of warrant activity follows: 

Granted 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Exercised 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Forfeited or expired 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Outstanding at end of
 year 

The
warrants outstanding at December 31, 2022 have a weighted average remaining contractual life of approximately six months. 

and , respectively, of net operating losses subject
to IRC Section 382 limitations, of which and , respectively, were available for carryforward after the consideration
of IRC Section 382 limitations. State of Florida net operating losses available for carryforward approximate the federal net operating
loss carryforward amounts. 

The
federal and state net operating losses expire beginning in 2021. Approximately and , respectively of federal and
state losses expired in December 2022, and approximately and , respectively, of federal and state losses expired
in December 2021. The Company has approximately in federal and state losses that do not expire. The remaining losses expire
from 2023 through 2036. The majority of these expiring losses are further limited by IRC section 382 as shown in the deferred tax table
below. All such deferred tax assets have been offset with a full valuation allowance. 

NOVELSTEM
INTERNATIONAL CORP. 

 Notes
to Financial Statements 

The
Company s income tax provision differs from the expense that would result from applying statutory rates to income before taxes.
A reconciliation of the provision (benefit) for income taxes with amounts determined by applying the statutory U.S. federal income tax
rate to income before income taxes is as follows: 

State income taxes, net of federal income tax
 benefit 

Foreign rate differential 

Change in federal valuation
 allowance 

Total
 provision for income tax 
 - 
 - 

Deferred
income taxes reflect the net tax effects of temporary differences between the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities for financial
reporting purposes and the amounts used for income tax purposes. Deferred tax assets as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 consist of the
following: 

Federal and state net operating loss carryforwards
 available after consideration of IRC Section 382 limitations 

General business credit 

Stock compensation 

Net operating losses 

Research and development credit carried forward 

Other 

Total deferred tax assets 

Federal and state net operating loss carryforwards
 subject to IRC Section 382 limitations 

Less valuation allowance for net operating
 loss limitations 

Valuation allowance 

Subtotal deferred tax assets 

Deferred tax liability,
 equity method basis difference 

Net
 deferred tax assets 
 - 
 - 

Management
has evaluated all tax positions that could have a significant effect on the combined financial statements and determined the Companies
had no significant uncertain income tax positions at December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

NOVELSTEM
INTERNATIONAL CORP. 

 Notes
to Financial Statements 

partner in NetCo. The Company initiated the arbitration proceeding
in an effort to maximize the total potential value to be derived from fully utilizing the NetCo intellectual property across publishing,
entertainment, digital media, merchandising and other ancillary markets. Arbitration proceedings for the joint owners of NetCo concluded
during 2022 with final briefs being filed in January 2023. The arbitrator has not rendered a decision as of the date of these financial
statements. 

On
February 11, 2022, the Company entered into a nonrecourse litigation funding agreement (the Agreement with Omni Bridgeway
(Fund 4) Invt. 3 L.P. Omni related to this arbitration proceeding. The Agreement provides for Omni to fund all costs
related to the arbitration up to 
 in exchange for an assignment of a certain portion
of rights to and interest in claims related to this arbitration. The agreement provides for specific calculations of the portion of any
claims collected to be received by Omni with the remainder collectible by the Company. 

- 

Investment in NewStem, Ltd 

Total assets 

Total current liabilities 
 
 - 

Stockholders equity 

Statements
of Operations: 

Originally Reported 
 Adjustment 
 Restated 

Nine Months Ended September 30, 2022 

Originally Reported 
 Adjustment 
 Restated 
 
 Loss before income taxes 
 
 - 

Provision for income tax 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Net loss before equity in net loss of equity method investees 
 
 - 

Equity in net income (loss) of equity method investees 

Net loss 

Balance Sheet: 

Originally Reported 
 Adjustment 
 Restated 

June 30, 2022 

Originally Reported 
 Adjustment 
 Restated 
 
 Total current assets 
 
 - 

Investment in NewStem, Ltd 

Total assets 

Total current liabilities 
 
 - 

Stockholders equity 

Statements of Operations: 

Originally Reported 
 Adjustment 
 Restated 

Six Months Ended June 30, 2022 

Originally Reported 
 Adjustment 
 Restated 
 
 Loss before income taxes 
 
 - 

Provision for income tax 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Net loss before equity in net loss of equity method investees 
 
 - 

Equity in net income (loss) of equity method investees 

Net loss 

Statements of Operations: 

Originally Reported 
 Adjustment 
 Restated 

Three Months Ended June 30, 2022 

Originally Reported 
 Adjustment 
 Restated 
 
 Loss before income taxes 
 
 - 

Provision for income tax 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Net loss before equity in net loss of equity method investees 
 
 - 

Equity in net income (loss) of equity method investees 

Net loss 

stock options to directors and officers. 

F- 16 

(b) 
 Exhibits. 

Exhibit
 Number 
 
 Description

3.1 
 
 Third Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation December 1999 (1) 

3.2 
 
 Articles of Amendment to Articles of Incorporation 2004 (1) 

3.3 
 
 Articles of Amendment to Articles of Incorporation 2018 (1) 

3.4 
 
 Bylaws (1) 

3.5 
 
 Articles of Association of NewStem (1) 

10.1 
 
 Equity Incentive Plan (1) 

10.2 
 
 Joint Venture Agreement by and between the Company and NetCo (1) 

10.3 
 
 Financing Agreement dated May 2022 (1) 

10.4 
 
 Amendment to Financing Agreement dated July 2022 (1) 

10.5 
 
 Promissory Note issued to Jan Loeb (1) 

10.6 
 
 Promissory Note issued to Jerry Wolasky (1) 

10.7 
 
 Form of NovelStem Subscription Agreement (1) 

10.8 
 
 NewStem Share Purchase Agreement (1) 

10.9 
 
 Redacted Litigation Funding Agreement with Omni Bridgeway (1) 

10.10 
 
 Certification of Principal Executive Officer and Executive Chairman pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

10.11 
 
 Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

10.12 
 
 Certification of Principal Executive Officer and Executive Chairman pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

10.13 
 
 Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

101.INS 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Instance Document 

101.SCH 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 

101.CAL 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 

101.DEF 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document 

101.LAB 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document 

101.PRE 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 

104 
 
 Cover
 Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document) 

(1) 
 Previously
 filed. 

28 

(c) 
 Financial statements of
 fifty percent or less owned subsidiaries. 

NewStem
Ltd. 

Financial Statements 

 As of December 31, 2022 

Financial Statements as of December 31, 2022 
 NewStem Ltd. 

Contents 

Page 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 F-2 

Balance Sheets 
 F-3 

Statements of Operations 
 F- 4 

Statements of Changes in Shareholders Equity 
 F- 5 

Statements of Cash Flows 
 F- 6 

Notes to the Financial Statements 
 F- 7-
 F-19 

F- 1 

Somekh
Chaikin 

 KPMG
Millennium Tower 

 17
Ha arba a Street, PO Box 609 

 Tel
Aviv 61006, Israel 

 +972
3 684 8000 

Report
of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 

 To
the Shareholders and the Board of Directors of NewStem Ltd. 

Opinion
on the Financial Statements 

We
have audited the accompanying balance sheets of NewStem Ltd. as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the related statements of operations,
changes in shareholders equity and cash flows for each of the years in the two-year period ended December 31, 2022, and the related
notes (collectively, the financial statements). In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the
financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of
the years in the two-year period ended December 31, 2022, in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles. 

Basis
for Opinion 

These
financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these financial
statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United
States) (PCAOB) and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and
the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

We
conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain
reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. 

Our
audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error
or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding
the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant
estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits
provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

Critical
Audit Matters 

Critical
audit matters are matters arising from the current period audit of the financial statements that were communicated or required to be
communicated to the audit committee and that: (1) relate to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and
(2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. We determined that there are no critical audit matters. 

Somekh
Chaikin 

 Member
Firm of KPMG International 

We
have served as the Company s auditor since 2021. 

Tel
Aviv, Israel 

 March
22, 2023 

KPMG
Somekh Chaikin, an Israeli partnership and a member firm of the KPMG global organization of independent member firms affiliated with
KPMG International Limited, a private English company limited by guarantee 

F- 2 

NewStem
Ltd. 

Balance
Sheets as of December 31, 

2022 
 2021 

Note 
 US thousands 
 US thousands 
 
 Assets 

Current assets 

Cash and cash equivalents 
 3 

Prepaid share-based payment 
 7C 
 - 

Other current assets 
 4 

Total current assets 

Non-current assets 

Property and equipment, net 
 5 

Total assets 

Liabilities and shareholders equity 

Current liabilities 

Accounts payable 
 6 

Other liabilities 
 8B 
 - 

Total Current liabilities 

Non-current liabilities 

Convertible financial instrument 
 7F 

Total liabilities 

Commitments and contingent liabilities 
 8 
 - 
 - 

Shareholders equity 
 7 

Ordinary shares 
 
 - 
 - 
 
 Additional paid-in capital 

Accumulated deficit 

Total shareholders equity 

Total liabilities and shareholders equity 

Ayelet
 Dilion Mashiah 
 
 CEO

Date
of approval of the financial statements: March 22, 2023. 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of the financial statements. 

F- 3 

NewStem
Ltd. 

Statements
of Operations for the Year Ended December 31 

2022 
 2021 

Note 
 US thousands 
 US thousands 
 
 Operating expenses 

Research and development expenses 
 2I 

Less grants and participations received 
 8B 

Research and development expenses, net 

General and administrative expenses 

Operating loss 

Financial (income) expenses, net 
 9 

Loss for the year 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of the financial statements. 

F- 4 

NewStem
Ltd. 

Statements
of Changes in Shareholders Equity 

Additional 

paid-in 
 Accumulated 

Ordinary shares 
 capital 
 deficit 
 Total 

Number of 
 shares 
 US thousands 
 US thousands 
 US thousands 
 US thousands 
 
 Balance as of January 1, 2021 
 
 - 

Issuance of ordinary shares in exchange 

of services 
 
 - 
 
 - 

Issuance of ordinary shares in exchange of services 
 
 - 
 
 - 

Stock based compensation 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 

Loss for the year 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Balance as of December 31, 2021 
 
 - 

Balance 
 
 - 

Issuance of ordinary shares, net 
 
 - 
 
 - 

Stock based compensation 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 

Loss for the year 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Balance as of December 31, 2022 
 
 - 

Balance 
 
 - 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of the financial statements. 

F- 5 

NewStem
Ltd. 

Statements
of Cash Flows for the year ended December 31 

2022 
 2021 

US thousands 
 US thousands 
 
 Cash flows from operating activities 

Loss for the year 

Adjustments required to reconcile loss to net cash used in operating 

activities: 

Depreciation 

Revaluation of marketable securities 
 - 

Revaluation of convertible financial instrument 
 
 - 
 
 Stock based compensation 

Decrease (increase) in other current assets 

Increase (decrease) in other liabilities 

Increase (decrease) in accounts payable 

Net cash used in operating activities 

Cash flows from investing activities 

Proceeds from the sale of marketable securities 
 - 

Purchase of property and equipment 
 - 

Net cash provided by investing activities 
 - 

Cash flows from financing activities 

Proceeds from a convertible financial instrument 
 - 

Issuance of shares, net 
 
 - 

Net cash provided by financing activities 

Net increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents 

Cash and cash equivalents at the beginning of the year 

Cash and cash equivalents at the end of the year 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of the financial statements. 

F- 6 

NewStem
Ltd. 

Notes
to the Financial Statements for the year ended December 31, 2022 

thousand. 

The
Company will need to obtain additional funds to continue its operations. Management s plans with regard to these matters include
continued development, marketing and licensing of its products, as well as seeking additional financing arrangements. Although management
continues to pursue these plans, there is no assurance that the Company will be successful in obtaining sufficient cash from sales, licensing
or financing on terms acceptable to the Company. The Company s management has approved a contingent cost reductions in order to
adjust future operation expenses to its cash balance. Following the fund-raising mentioned in Note 7D, and Note 12, and the Company s
adjustment of its future operation expenses, the Company believes that its cash resources are sufficient for the operations of the next
12 months. 

D. 
 Definitions 

In
these financial statements 

1. The
 Company NewStem Ltd. 
 
 2. Related
 Party Within its meaning in ASC 850, Related Party Transactions . 

NewStem
Ltd. 

Notes
to the Financial Statements for the year ended December 31, 2022 

Note
2 - Significant Accounting Policies (cont d) 

 . 

Estimates
of the depreciation method, useful life and residual value are reviewed at least at the end of each reporting year and adjusted as
necessary. 

Long-lived
assets held and used by the Company, are reviewed for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstance indicate that the carrying
amount of the assets may not be recoverable. such impairment was recorded in 2022 or 2021. 

NewStem
Ltd. 

Notes
to the Financial Statements for the year ended December 31, 2022 

Note
2 - Significant Accounting Policies (cont d) 

NewStem
Ltd. 

Notes
to the Financial Statements for the year ended December 31, 2022 

Note
2 - Significant Accounting Policies (cont d) 

NewStem
Ltd. 

Notes
to the Financial Statements for the year ended December 31, 2022 

Note
2 - Significant Accounting Policies (cont d) 

O. 
 Leases
(cont d) 

2. 
 Vehicle lease 

The
lease agreement is for a period of months. The Company has elected not to recognize Right of Use assets and lease liabilities for
short-term leases of transportation equipment that have a lease term of 12 months or less. The Company recognizes the lease payments
associated with its short-term transportation equipment lease as an expense on a straight-line basis over the lease term. 

New Israeli Shekels 

Euro 
 
 - 
 
 Great British Pound 

Cash
 and cash equivalents 

Prepaid expenses 

Other
 current assets 

Accumulated depreciation: 

Software and Computers 

Depreciated cost 

NewStem
Ltd. 

Notes
to the Financial Statements for the year ended December 31, 2022 

Accrued expenses and other payables 

Accounts
 payable 

Ordinary shares NIS par value Ordinary Shares 

As of December 31, 2021 

Issued and 

Authorized 
 fully paid 

Number of shares 

Ordinary shares 

A. In
 2016, the Company issued to its founders Ordinary Shares. 

B. In
 June 2018, the Company entered into an investment agreement for the issuance of Ordinary
 Shares, representing of the Company s issued and outstanding shares for a total
 consideration of thousands. In 2018, the Company issued to its investors Ordinary
 Shares for a total amount of thousands. The remainder of the investment in the amount
 of thousands was subject to two equal tranches milestones. During 2019 the Company
 issued additional Ordinary Shares for a total amount of thousands. 

In
2020, the Company met all milestones set in the investment agreement. As such, the 3rd and last investment tranche of thousands
was paid during 2020 and an additional Ordinary Shares were issued. 

C. In
 September 2021, the Company signed an agreement with a third-party in which such third party
 committed to provide the Company certain services in exchange to (fully diluted) of the
 Company s Ordinary Shares amounting to Ordinary Shares. The Company recognized
 the transaction based on the fair value of the shares at thousands. The remaining
 services were rendered in 2022. Accordingly, the Prepaid share-based payment balance of US 
 thousands, was fully recognized in the Statement of Operations in 2022. 

NewStem
Ltd. 

Notes
to the Financial Statements for the year ended December 31, 2022 

Note
7 - Share Capital (cont d) 

D. On
 April 30, 2022, the Company signed a share purchase agreement with two investors for the
 purchase of Ordinary Shares of the Company (par value ILS for a total consideration
 of US thousands. On December 23, 2022, the Company signed a Share Purchase Agreement
 with another investor for the purchase of Ordinary Shares of the Company (par value
 ILS for a total consideration of US thousands. 

According
to those agreements, if the Company provides favorable terms to other investors in this round, then it shall adjust the existing agreements
and provide substantially equivalent rights to all the Investors. 

Based
on the Company s agreement with one of its other shareholders, the Company is entitled in certain circumstances to a matching investment the matching investment which could bring the total funding to US thousands. As of December 31, 2022, the matching
investment has not yet been approved by the shareholder. 

E. Stock
 option plan: 

In
2018 the Company adopted a stock option plan for its employees, service providers and officers, pursuant to which, and to a resolution
of the Company s board of directors dated October 31, 2018, the Company reserved for issuance Ordinary Shares. 

In
June 2021, the Company increased its reserved stock option plan to Ordinary Shares. 

The
contractual life of the share option is years from the respective date of grant. 

Share
options to employees, service providers and officers granted under the stock option plan shall be vesting in installments, gradually
over a period of years from the grant date. 

Below
is a summary of employee option activity under the Company s equity incentive plan during the current year: 

Granted 
 - 
 - 

Outstanding at the end of the year 

Exercisable at the end of the year 

NewStem
Ltd. 

Notes
to the Financial Statements for the year ended December 31, 2022 

Note
7 - Share Capital (cont d) 

E. Stock
 option plan (cont d) 

1. The
 aggregate intrinsic value represents the total intrinsic value (the difference between the
 Company s stock fair value on December 31, 2022 and the exercise price, multiplied
 by the number of in-the-money options) that would have been received by the option holders
 had all option holders exercised their options on December 31, 2022. 

2. Fair
 value measurement: 

The
fair value of each option granted during 2021 was estimated on the date of grant, using the Binomial model taking into account the following
assumptions: 

Expected volatility 

Weighted average risk-free interest 

Expected life 
 years 

Expected
volatility was calculated based on market benchmarks. 

Since
the Company s shares are not publicly traded and its shares are rarely traded privately, expected volatility is estimated based
on the average historical volatility of similar entities with publicly traded shares. 

The
expected option term represents the period that the Company s share options are expected to be outstanding. Since
the options were granted to executives , the assumption is that the option will be exercised close to the expiration date. The
risk-free interest rate is based on the yield from U.S. Federal Reserve rates. The Company has historically not paid dividends and has
no plans to pay dividends in the foreseeable future. 

There
were option grants during 2022. 

3. The
 following table sets forth the total stock-based compensation expense resulting from stock
 options included in the statements of operations. 

General and administrative 

Total stock-based compensation expense 

F. 
 Convertible Financial Instruments 

In
November 2021, the Company signed a Simple Agreement for Future Equity SAFE with an investor in the amount of thousand
Great British Pound GBP (approximately US thousands). According to the agreement, the SAFE does not bear interest
and is convertible to the Company s ordinary shares, as follows: 

NewStem
Ltd. 

Notes
to the Financial Statements for the year ended December 31, 2022 

Note
7 - Share Capital (cont d) 

F. 
 Convertible Financial Instruments (cont d) 

(a) ; 
 
 (b) ; 
 
 (c) 

determined
in such transaction, or (b) 36 months after the date of the agreement, at the fair market value of an ordinary share at that time. 

The
SAFE was treated for accounting purposes as a liability, since this arrangement is settled in a variable amount of shares and the investor
is not exposed to the changes in the fair value of the shares during the period from the transfer of funds until conversion. 

The
convertible financial instrument is presented at fair value. The convertible financial instrument is considered a Level 3 fair value
measurement. 

The
changes in the liability measured at fair value for which the Company has used Level 3 inputs to determine fair value are as follows: 

- 
 
 Convertible financial instrument received 
 - 

Change in fair value 
 
 - 

Balance as of December 31, 

of the net sales and sublicense
fees at a rate of up to of sublicense consideration, subject to certain terms, as set forth in the agreement. As of December 31,
2022, the Company has yet to incur revenues, therefore no provision was recorded for these commitments in the financial statements. 

NewStem
Ltd. 

Notes
to the Financial Statements for the year ended December 31, 2022 

Note
8 - Commitments and Contingent Liabilities (cont d) 

B. Research
 Agreement 

During
2021 and 2022, the Company received payments of US thousand as part of a research agreement with a third-party, which was finalized
in 2022. The Company recognized the payments in the statement of operations of 2022, as participation in the R D activities which
is offset from development expenses. 

The
research agreement determines that the Company will use its intellectual property to further develop know-how that will allow the third
party to use such developed know-how for its commercial purposes. The third party shall pay the Company royalties of up to from
any sales that include the Company s developed know-how, and additional royalties for any sublicense, as set forth in the research
agreement. 

C. Master
 Innovation Hub Agreement 

On
October 31, 2022 the Company entered into an agreement with a third party, according to the agreement the Company will develop an IP
using the third party s research data in exchange for royalties from future sales and royalties from future licenses.
In addition, the Company will issue the third-party shares on the earliest of the following milestones: 

a. The
 FDA approval of the Product. 
 
 b. A
 Change in Control of the Company provided that the collaboration is completed as described
 in the Development Plan. 
 
 c. The
 execution of a Memorandum of Understanding (or equivalent) between the Company and the third
 party for the investment of funds from the third party into the Company. 

As
of December 31, 2022, the Company does not expect any future sales or licenses nor does the Company considers an FDA approval or change
in control of the company as events that are probable to occur. Therefore, no balances were recorded for these commitments in the financial
statements . 

D. Lease
 commitments 

On
November 10, 2022, the Company entered into a lease agreement (hereinafter The Agreement . (According to the agreement,
the Company will rent a vehicle for 12 months from December 10, 2022, at a monthly rent cost of approximately NIS thousand (approximately
US thousand) 

During
2022, the Company recognized lease expenses in the amount of US thousand in General and administrative expenses. 

NewStem
Ltd. 

Notes
to the Financial Statements for the year ended December 31, 2022 

Revaluation of marketable securities to market value 
 - 

Revaluation of convertible financial instrument 
 
 - 
 
 Interest from government authorities 
 
 - 
 
 Currency exchange differences 
 
 - 

Financial
 (income) expenses, net 

in 2022 and 2021. 

The
main reconciling items from the statutory tax rate of the Company to the effective tax rate is the change in valuation allowance
(see note 11D) and non-deductible expenses. 

C. Net
 operating loss carried forward 

As
of December 31, 2022, the Company has net operating tax losses carried forward indefinitely of approximately million, (December
31, 2021 - million). 

D. 
 Deferred income taxes 

The
tax effects of temporary differences that give rise to significant components of the Company s deferred tax assets and liabilities
are as follows: 

NewStem
Ltd. 

Notes
to the Financial Statements for the year ended December 31, 2022 

Note
11 - Taxes on Income (cont d) 

D. 
 Deferred income taxes (cont d) 

Research and development credit carried forward 

Other 

Total
 deferred tax assets 

Less valuation allowance 

Net deferred tax assets 
 - 
 - 

The
Company has provided a full valuation allowance in respect of deferred tax assets resulting from the tax loss carried forward. Management
currently believes that, since the Company has a history of losses, it is more likely than not that the deferred tax assets related to
the loss carried forward and other temporary differences will not be realized in the foreseeable future. 

thousands, maturing after .
The Loan shall bear simple interest at the rate of per annum, paid in kind, with a conversion price per share reflecting of
the lowest price per share paid by the investors participating in the Company s next financing. In an Event of liquidation only,
the Interest rate shall increase to per annum. 

F- 18 

Item
16. Form 10 K Summary. 

Not
applicable 

29 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant
to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed
on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized on March XX, 2023. 

NovelStem
International Corp. 

By : 
 /s/
 Jan H Loeb 

Jan H. Loeb 

President and Executive Chairman 

Pursuant
to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the
registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 

Signature 
 
 Title 
 
 Date 

/s/
 Jan H. Loeb 
 
 President
 and Executive Chairman 
 
 March
 31, 2023 
 
 Jan
 H. Loeb 

/s/
 Christine Jenkins 
 
 Vice
 President and Chief Financial Officer 
 
 March
 31, 2023 
 
 Christine
 Jenkins 

/s/
 Mitchell Rubenstein 
 
 Director 
 
 March
 31, 2023 
 
 Mitchell
 Rubenstein 

/s/
 Eric Richman 
 
 Director 
 
 March
 31, 2023 
 
 Eric
 Richman 

/s/
 David Seltzer 
 
 Director 
 
 March
 31, 2023 
 
 David
 Seltzer 

/s/
 Jerry Wolasky 
 
 Director 
 
 March
 31, 2023 
 
 Jerry
 Wolasky 

/s/
 Tracy Clifford 
 
 Director 
 
 March
 31, 2023 
 
 Tracy
 Clifford 

30 

<EX-10.10>
 2
 ex10-10.htm

Exhibit
10.10 

I,
Jan H. Loeb, the Principal Executive Officer and Executive Chairman of NovelStem International Corp. certify that: 

1. 
 I
 have reviewed this report on Form 10-K of NovelStem International Corp.; 

2. 
 Based
 on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
 to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to
 the period covered by this report; 

3. 
 Based
 on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material
 respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in
 this report; 

4. 
 The
 registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures
 (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a- 15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange
 Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

(a) 
 Designed
 such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision,
 to ensure that material information relating to the registrant is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly
 during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b) 
 Designed
 such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our
 supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements
 for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

(c) 
 Evaluated
 the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about
 the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation;
 and 

(d) 
 Disclosed
 in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s
 most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected,
 or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. 
 The
 registrant s other certifying officer and l have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial
 reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing
 the equivalent functions): 

(a) 
 All
 significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are
 reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information;
 and 

(b) 
 Any
 fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s
 internal control over financial reporting. 

Dated:
 March 31, 2023 

By: 
 /s/
 JAN H. LOEB 

Jan
 H Loeb 

Principal
 Executive Officer and Executive Chairman 

</EX-10.10>

<EX-10.11>
 3
 ex10-11.htm

Exhibit
10.11 

I,
Christine T. Jenkins, the Chief Financial Officer of NovelStem International Corp. certify that: 

1. 
 I
 have reviewed this report on Form 10-K of NovelStem International Corp.; 

2. 
 Based
 on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
 to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to
 the period covered by this report; 

3. 
 Based
 on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material
 respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in
 this report; 

4. 
 The
 registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures
 (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a- 15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange
 Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

(a) 
 Designed
 such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision,
 to ensure that material information relating to the registrant is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly
 during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b) 
 Designed
 such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our
 supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements
 for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

(c) 
 Evaluated
 the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about
 the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation;
 and 

(d) 
 Disclosed
 in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s
 most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected,
 or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. 
 The
 registrant s other certifying officer and l have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial
 reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing
 the equivalent functions): 

(a) 
 All
 significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are
 reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information;
 and 

(b) 
 Any
 fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s
 internal control over financial reporting. 

Dated:
 March 31, 2023 

By:
 
 /s/
 CHRISTINE T. JENKINS 

Christine
 T. Jenkins 

Chief
 Financial Officer 

</EX-10.11>

<EX-10.12>
 4
 ex10-12.htm

Exhibit
10.12 

CERTIFICATION
PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 

 AS
ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION
906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In
connection with the Quarterly Report on Form 10-K of NovelStem International Corp. (the Company for the year ended December
31, 2022, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Jan H. Loeb, Principal
Executive Officer and Executive Chairman of the Company, hereby certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to 
906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 

(1) 
 The
 Report fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

(2) 
 The
 information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and result of operations of
 the Company. 

/s/
 Jan H. Loeb 

Jan
 H. Loeb 

Principal
 Executive Officer and Executive Chairman 

March
 31, 2023 

</EX-10.12>

<EX-10.13>
 5
 ex10-13.htm

Exhibit 10.13 

CERTIFICATION
PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 

 AS
ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION
906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In
connection with the Quarterly Report on Form 10-K of NovelStem International Corp. (the Company for the year ended December
31, 2022, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Christine T. Jenkins,
Chief Financial Officer of the Company, hereby certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley
Act of 2002, that: 

(1) 
 The
 Report fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

(2) 
 The
 information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and result of operations of
 the Company. 

/s/
 Christine T. Jenkins 

Christine
 T. Jenkins 

Chief
 Financial Officer 

March
 31, 2023 

</EX-10.13>

<EX-101.SCH>
 7
 nstm-20221231.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 9
 nstm-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 10
 nstm-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 11
 nstm-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

