<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230221_10-K_edgar_data_1022079_0001022079-23-000018.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>14910258</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>467517</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>2832934</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>4749179</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>3475866</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>3087782</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>18</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001022079-23-000018.hdr.sgml : 20230221
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230221164748
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001022079-23-000018
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		117
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230221
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230221

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			QUEST DIAGNOSTICS INC
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001022079
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SERVICES-MEDICAL LABORATORIES [8071]
		IRS NUMBER:				161387862
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-12215
		FILM NUMBER:		23648928

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		500 PLAZA DRIVE
		CITY:			SECAUCUS
		STATE:			NJ
		ZIP:			07094
		BUSINESS PHONE:		9735202700

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		500 PLAZA DRIVE
		CITY:			SECAUCUS
		STATE:			NJ
		ZIP:			07094

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	CORNING CLINICAL LABORATORIES INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19960903

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001022079-23-000018.txt : 20230221

10-K
 1
 dgx-20221231.htm
 10-K

dgx-20221231 
 
 Table of Contents 

UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 WASHINGTON, DC 20549 
 
 FORM 
 
 ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(D) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the Fiscal Year Ended , 2022 
 
 Or 
 
 TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(D) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the transition period from __________ to __________ 
 
 Commission File Number 
 
 orporated 
 (State of Incorporation) (I.R.S. Employer Identification Number) 
 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: Title of Each Class Trading Symbol(s) Name of Each Exchange on Which Registered 
 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: None 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. 
 X No 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Exchange Act. 
 Yes X 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant: (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. 
 X No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). 
 X No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and "emerging growth company" in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 
 Accelerated filer Non-accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company 
 If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. [ ] 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. [ ] 
 If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. [ ] 

Table of Contents 

Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant's executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). [ ] 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No X 
 As of June 30, 2022, the aggregate market value of the approximately 116 million shares of voting and non-voting common equity held by non-affiliates of the registrant was approximately billion, based on the closing price on such date of the registrant's Common Stock on the New York Stock Exchange. 
 As of January 31, 2023, there were outstanding shares of the registrant s common stock, .01 par value. 
 Documents Incorporated by Reference Part of Form 10-K into 
 which incorporated 
 Document 
 Part III 
 Such Proxy Statement, except for the portions thereof which have been specifically incorporated by reference, shall not be deemed filed as part of this report on Form 10-K. 

Table of Contents 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 Item Page Item 1. Business 
 2 
 Introduction 
 2 
 Our Strategy 
 3 
 Our Strengths 
 8 
 Business Operations 
 12 
 The Clinical Testing Industry 
 14 
 General 
 23 
 Regulation 
 27 
 Available Information 
 29 
 Information about Our Executive Officers 
 30 
 Item 1A. Risk Factors 
 32 
 Cautionary Factors That May Affect Future Results 
 42 
 Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 
 43 
 Item 2. Properties 
 43 
 Item 3. Legal Proceedings 
 44 
 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 
 44 
 Item 5. Market for Registrant's Common Stock, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 45 
 Item 6. Reserved 
 46 
 Item 7. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 46 
 Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 47 
 Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 47 
 Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 47 
 Item 9A. Controls and Procedures 
 47 
 Item 9B. Other Information 
 47 
 Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 47 
 Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 48 
 Item 11. Executive Compensation 
 48 
 Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholders' Matters 
 48 
 Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 48 
 Item 14. Principal Accounting Fees and Services 
 48 
 Item 15. Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules 
 49 
 Item 16. Form 10-K Summary 
 55 
 Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 58 
 Report of Management on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 74 
 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 F- 1 
 Consolidated Financial Statements and Related Notes 
 F- 3 

i 

Table of Contents 

The discussion in Item 1 below includes several defined terms: 
 
 ACO - Accountable Care Organization 
 CAP - The College of American Pathologists 
 CDC - Centers for Disease Controls and Prevention 
 CLIA - Clinical Laboratory Improvement Act 
 CMS - Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services 
 FDA - U.S. Food and Drug Administration 
 FQHC - Federally Qualified Health Center 
 HHS - U. S. Department of Health and Human Services 
 IDN - Independent Delivery Network (including hospitals and hospital health systems) 
 IPA - Independent Physician Association 
 LDT - Laboratory-Developed Test 
 PAMA - The Protecting Access to Medicare Act of 2014 
 
 The discussion also includes several tables, indexed in the following guide. 
 Guide to Tables Services Portfolio Table 1 Approaches to Accelerate Growth Table 2 Key Professional Laboratory Services Offerings Table 3 Consumer-Centric Initiatives Table 4 Consumer-Initiated Testing Table 5 Major Themes to Drive Operational Excellence Table 6 Our Strengths Table 7 Assets and Capabilities Table 8 Clinical Franchises Table 9 2022 Net Revenues Table 10 Key Trends Table 11 Helping to Achieve the Triple Aim of Healthcare Table 12 Customers Table 13 Potential Factors Considered When Selecting a Diagnostics Information Services Provider Table 14 2022 Medicare and Medicaid Revenues as of Consolidated Net Revenues Table 15 Key Regulatory Schemes Table 16 Information Available at Our Corporate Governance Webpage Table 17 Information Available at Our Corporate Responsibility Webpage Table 18 Executive Officers Table 19 

1 

Table of Contents 

 Item 1. Business 

INTRODUCTION 
 
 Quest Diagnostics Incorporated is the world's leading provider of diagnostic information services. We play a crucial role in the healthcare ecosystem, empowering people to take action to improve health outcomes. Derived from the world's largest database of clinical lab results, our diagnostic insights reveal new avenues to identify and treat disease, inspire healthy behaviors and improve healthcare management. In the right hands and with the right context, our diagnostic insights can inspire actions that transform lives. 
 
 Quest Diagnostics was incorporated in Delaware in 1990; its predecessor companies date back to 1967. We conduct business through our headquarters in Secaucus, New Jersey, and our laboratories, patient service centers, offices and other facilities around the United States and in selected locations outside the United States. Unless the context otherwise requires, the terms Quest Diagnostics, the Company, we and our mean Quest Diagnostics Incorporated and its consolidated subsidiaries. 
 
 The patients we serve comprise approximately one-third of the adult population of the United States annually, and approximately one-half of the adult population in the United States over a three-year period. We estimate that annually we serve approximately half of the physicians and half of the hospitals in the United States. 
 
 During 2022, we generated net revenues of 9.9 billion. Additional financial information concerning Quest Diagnostics for each of the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 is included in the consolidated financial statements and notes thereto in Financial Statements and Supplementary Data in Part II, Item 8. 
 
 Our vision, aspirational goals and values are set forth below. 

2 

Table of Contents 

 We believe that our vision, aspirational goals and strategy align very well with, and our strong value proposition supports, the triple aim of healthcare: improving medical quality and the patient experience while reducing the cost of care. 
 
 Quest Diagnostics was at the forefront of the response to the COVID-19 pandemic, playing a pivotal role to broaden access to laboratory insights to help people lead healthier and safer lives. We provided both molecular diagnostic and antibody serology tests to aid in the diagnosis of COVID-19 and the detection of immune response to the virus, and have performed approximately 77 million of these tests. We built up and maintained the testing capacity to handle surges in COVID-19 testing demands, including using our national courier, air fleet and logistics network to balance volume across approximately two dozen COVID-19 testing laboratories, and also through our laboratory referral partner program. We worked with federal, state and local governments, healthcare organizations, payers, suppliers, retailers, trade associations and other laboratories in the effort to bring as much COVID-19 testing as possible to the American people. We also provided data on COVID-19 testing that we conducted to federal, state and local public health authorities, including the CDC, and participated in studies with government and private institutions, aiding COVID-19 public health response and research. All of our employees, including our dedicated laboratory professionals, phlebotomists, air fleet team, and couriers took tremendous pride in the role we played and worked tirelessly to help patients and communities access quality COVID-19 testing. As the impact of COVID-19 moderates, we remain active in the continued response to COVID-19, including supporting ongoing testing needs and public health response. 
 
 We also saw how underserved communities were disproportionately impacted by COVID-19, and with the Quest Diagnostics Foundation, we launched Quest for Health Equity, an initiative to reduce health disparities in underserved communities in the U.S. This initiative is providing a combination of testing services, education programs, alliances and financial support to efforts to address health disparities. Since its inception, we have committed approximately 30 million to approximately 65 programs launched across the U.S. and Puerto Rico, including supporting COVID-19 testing and vaccination events, wellness events, educating young students on healthy nutrition choices and expanding research and mentorship opportunities for Black and Hispanic scholars. Numerous Quest for Health Equity undertakings demonstrate our commitment to FQHCs and the people they serve, including by providing free lab testing services. 
 
 Our approach to fighting the COVID-19 pandemic was rooted in our vision of empowering better health through diagnostic insights. We believe that the challenges we faced from the COVID-19 pandemic brought us together, made us a stronger company and will help us capture the substantial opportunities in front of us. 

OUR STRATEGY 
 
 We have a two-point business strategy, reviewed by our Board of Directors, to achieve our vision and our goals. 

3 

Table of Contents 

 Accelerate Growth 
 Our strategy to accelerate revenue growth is based on the Company s portfolio of services. 
 
 Services Portfolio (Table 1) Activity Key Characteristics At A Glance Quest Value Proposition General Diagnostics Testing services generating strong cash flows and steady growth Routine and non-routine testing services 
 Largest revenue stream 
 Essential portion of healthcare delivery 
 Scale Operational excellence Access and convenience Advanced Diagnostics Testing services targeting faster growth through innovation testing model Genetic and advanced molecular testing services 
 An important part of precision medicine 
 Innovation-based competitors 
 Rich clinical, scientific and medical innovation expertise Quality and reliability of new assays Ability to manage potential new regulatory requirements Diagnostic Services Laboratory and data-related healthcare opportunities targeting faster growth Enables partners to deliver healthcare more efficiently e.g. , risk assessment; Professional Laboratory Services; Employer Population Health) 
 Services to support population health e.g. , data analytics; extended care services) 
 Extensive diagnostic capability Large and growing database and analytics expertise Partnerships with industry leaders across healthcare landscape 
 We have identified the following five approaches to accelerate growth. 
 Approaches to Accelerate Growth (Table 2) 1. Delivering annual revenue growth of more than 2 through accretive, strategic acquisitions Plus organic growth through: 2. Capitalizing on increased health plan access 3. Increasing share with IDNs 4. Growing Advanced Diagnostics 5. Building consumer-initiated testing 
 
 1. Growing through acquisitions. We endeavor to grow revenue each year by more than 2 through accretive, strategic acquisitions (our target has been based on our revenues excluding the revenues from our COVID-19 testing). Acquisition opportunities may include IDN outreach businesses, regional laboratory consolidation and businesses that will provide us with new capabilities. Our approach to acquisitions, and the key acquisitions we consummated during 2022, are discussed below under the heading Deliver disciplined capital deployment . 
 
 2. Capitalizing on increased health plan access. We are focused on opportunities to partner with health plans. We strengthen our relationships with health plans and increase the volume of our services for their members by focusing on driving value and providing strong value propositions for members and clinicians. This includes working with payers to reduce the cost of care, improve the customer experience and drive better outcomes for populations. For example, we strive to build information platforms to help health plans manage utilization and population health, keep laboratory testing in network and provide an alternative to high-cost labs. We also offer extended care services to help close gaps in care designed to be attractive to payers. In 2022, we augmented our extended care offering by acquiring Pack Health, a patient engagement company that helps individuals adopt healthier behaviors to improve outcomes. We expanded the plans with which we have a value-based 
 4 

Table of Contents 

 contracting relationship, fostering better alignment with the health plans. We also renewed our longstanding strategic relationship with Blue Cross and Blue Shield of Florida, Inc. 
 
 3. Increasing share with IDNs. We believe that the growing market challenges faced by IDNs, including continued consolidation, price transparency, cost and utilization pressure, evolving healthcare payment models, capital needs, changing technology and limited resources, provide us with an opportunity to partner with them more effectively as they consider their laboratory testing strategy and drive demand for our expertise. We have deployed a dedicated team to strengthen our relationships with IDNs, including with respect to their reference testing. We target three specific opportunities: reference testing, outreach testing and lab management. We provide reference testing for approximately half of the hospitals in the U.S. and are a leading provider of this testing in the country. Our industry-leading Professional Laboratory Services, highlighted in Table 3, provides a suite of solutions to help IDNs build and execute their laboratory strategy, improve quality, reduce the cost of care and focus on core competencies. We purchase outreach testing businesses from IDNs that decide to exit that business. In 2022, we continued to work with IDNs to help them execute their lab strategy, started providing laboratory management services to Lee Health, a community-owned health system in Southwest Florida, and entered an agreement to provide lab management services to Northern Light Health, a large integrated healthcare system in Maine. In addition, as discussed below under the heading Deliver disciplined capital deployment, we acquired the outreach testing business of Summa Health, a large integrated healthcare system in Northeastern Ohio, and agreed to acquire select assets of Northern Light Health's outreach testing business. We also were awarded a group purchasing agreement for our laboratory stewardship solution, including Quest Lab Stewardship TM Enterprise powered by hc1 , with Premier Inc., a leading healthcare improvement company uniting an alliance of hospitals, health systems and providers. 
 Key Professional Laboratory Services Offerings (Table 3) Lab management outsourcing Advanced data solutions Test menu optimization and spend consolidation Reference testing, including advanced diagnostics Supply chain management and purchasing Blood utilization management 
 
 4. Growing Advanced Diagnostics. We are a leading provider of Advanced Diagnostics, with an array of offerings across the spectrum. We aim to accelerate the growth of our Advanced Diagnostics offerings to a growth rate of at least 8 per year. We have been investing in our Advanced Diagnostics offerings, including to enhance our innovation capabilities and to strengthen our service offering and sales force, to make our Advanced Diagnostics offerings more attractive and accessible to IDNs and clinicians. In addition, we have invested in reducing the cost of next-generation sequencing and combining that with the power of our Blueprint Genetics data analytics capabilities. We are seeking to apply the capabilities gained by these efforts to other areas where we can make a meaningful difference in health care, including consumer genetics and offerings to pharmaceutical companies, IDNs and health plans. In 2022, we invested in our bioinformatics capabilities and our women's health sales force, and to accelerate growth in oncology, hematology, and pharma services. We introduced the Solid Tumor Expanded Panel to help oncologists with therapy selection and Quest AD Detect, a blood test to aid in the early assessment of Alzheimer's disease. During 2022, we saw strong growth in prenatal genetic testing and pharma services. 
 
 5. Building consumer-initiated testing. For many years, we have been focused on the consumer, and have taken strong steps to be recognized as the consumer-friendly provider of choice of diagnostic information services. Our strong consumer focus is highlighted in Table 4. We will continue to focus on improving the consumer experience, including through improved digitization and other enhancements of our operations. For example, our "Schedule at Check In" capability, which encourages patients to make appointments, allowing us to better manage demand and phlebotomy productivity while enhancing the patient experience, is now deployed at approximately 85 of our patient service centers. We have increased to approximately 80 the number of our patients coming to a patient service center who have appointments, and reduced average wait times in the centers. We also are sending more messages to patients via SMS text, increasing the speed and utility of information flow to patients and patient satisfaction. In addition, we are building the patient payment process into the digital customer experience, improving the patient experience, helping our patient concession rate, and reducing demands on phlebotomists. 
 5 

Table of Contents 

 Increasing consumer expectations inform our design for our consumer experience. Consumer-Centric Initiatives (Table 4) Connectivity and access to information >27.5 million registered users in our MyQuest health portal and mobile connectivity solution, up over 6 million from a year ago. 
 
 Quest lab results available for Android users through the CommonHealth app. 
 
 MyQuest supports Health Records using the Apple Health app. 
 
 Using MyQuest, consumers can manage healthcare for a group of individuals. 
 Reminders Consumers whose physicians have ordered a test for them electronically can receive email reminders to complete the test. Consumers who have made appointments can receive appointment reminders via text messaging. Enhanced experience Electronic check-in at patient service centers. Improved on-line pre-registration and appointment scheduling. Real-time payment determination. Convenient access Partnerships with Walmart and Safeway to expand convenient access to testing services at select Walmart and Safeway locations across the United States (approximately 200 locations at year end). Self-collection technology Proprietary, consumer-friendly self-collection technology offered Satisfaction We are measuring consumer satisfaction. 
 
 In 2018, we launched our consumer-initiated testing offering that permits consumers to request their own lab tests, to allow consumers to take control of, and to better understand, their own health through access to personal diagnostic information. In an evolving healthcare environment, consumers are increasingly engaged in their health care and want control, a dynamic experience and convenience. Our QuestHealth TM offering reflects our belief that by building on the foundation of our strong consumer focus we can capture growing opportunities in consumer-initiated testing and demand for expanded access to basic health care services. In 2022, we continued to invest in our offering, launching an enhanced digital platform with a more powerful and consumer-friendly user experience designed to better acquire, convert and retain more customers. We collaborated with Walmart, to make consumer-initiated testing available through Walmart.com, and with eMed TM , to launch a COVID-19 rapid antigen test with observed collection, helping individuals meet travel and other observed collection and test report requirements. 
 
 We are focusing on consumer interest to experience health care in a different way and empowering consumers to make important decisions about their health Consumer-Initiated Testing (Table 5) Consumer-initiated testing Consumers can choose from approximately 60 different test purchase options focused on consumer interests, such as general health, men's and women's health, digestive health, heart health, infectious disease, sexually transmitted infection, COVID-19, and Lyme disease. 
 Expanded offerings In 2022, we expanded our offerings to include, among others, new respiratory, thyroid, kidney and fitness tests. 
 
 6 

Table of Contents 

 Basic healthcare services Comprehensive consumer health profile available, through tests and biometric measurements that provide a personalized health quotient score that can be used to track health progress over time. 
 Self-collection technology Proprietary, consumer-friendly self-collection technology offered to consumers at home. Convenient online access In addition to access through QuestHealth.com, access to services through Walmart.com. Convenient physical access Access to services in our patient service centers and in select Walmart stores. 
 
 Drive operational excellence 
 
 We strive to enhance operational excellence and improve our quality and efficiency across every portion of our value chain and operations, from the time that we interact with a potential customer until the time we receive payment. Major Themes to Drive Operational Excellence (Table 6) Reduce denials and patient concessions Standardize, automate and optimize Digitize the customer experience Select and retain talent 
 
 Improving our operations will yield many benefits, including: enhancing customer experience; improving our quality and competitiveness; strengthening our foundation for growth; and increasing employee engagement and shareholder value. We are building a superior experience, at lower cost, for all of our customers, including consumers, health plans, IDNs and clinicians. We endeavor to improve our processes and effectiveness at the same time. We are guided by a service dashboard that focuses throughout our operations on quality for consumers, healthcare providers and employees, including medical quality, on-time delivery, competitive costs and employee safety. 
 
 During 2022, we made strong progress on our improvement initiatives. We are working to further enhance end-to-end specimen tracking. We concluded consolidation of our urinalysis testing onto a new highly automated platform. We implemented new semi-automated technology in parasitology and are expanding use of a highly automated microbiology platform that makes use of artificial intelligence to assist with sample analysis. We also made significant progress transferring immunoassay tests to a more automated platform, and expect to finish this project in 2023. We increased customer adoption of our digital self-service channels, reducing demand in our call centers. We implemented several initiatives to improve talent retention, including capability-building programs, and launched plans for a new daily management system for our frontline employees. In addition, we continue to drive to take advantage of robotic process automation and artificial intelligence technologies to drive productivity gains. 
 
 Our cost excellence program, Invigorate, includes structured plans to drive savings and improve productivity across the value chain, including in such areas as revenue services, information technology and procurement. We currently aim annually to achieve savings and productivity improvements of 3 of our costs. In 2022, we approached our goal. 
 
 7 

Table of Contents 

 OUR STRENGTHS 
 
 We offer high value diagnostic information services and diagnostic solutions that are attractive to our customers. Our Strengths (Table 7) Quality Strong Operating Principles Assets and Capabilities to Deliver Value Health Information Technology Solutions and Information Assets Innovation Medical and Scientific Expertise Collaboration Customer Focus 
 
 Quality 
 
 Our goal is to provide every patient with services and products of superior quality. We strive to accomplish that through commitment, leadership, and establishing rigorous processes that we measure and continually seek to improve, and by using the Quest Management System, which provides best-in-class business performance tools to create and implement effective and sustainable quality processes. Our Quality Program includes policies and procedures to document, measure and monitor the effectiveness of our laboratory operations in providing and improving quality and meeting applicable regulatory requirements. The Quality Program is designed so that the quality of laboratory services is monitored objectively and evaluated systematically to deliver superior quality care, identify opportunities to improve patient care and resolve identified problems. To help achieve our goal of becoming recognized as the undisputed quality leader in the diagnostics information services industry, we have implemented our Quality System Framework, which serves as a reference guide for our employees and describes our Quality System Elements, which provide the structure for each laboratory to achieve and maintain quality processes. We also have a robust Supplier Quality Program designed to ensure we have a high-quality supplier network and to raise the bar of quality expectations across that network. Being chosen by UnitedHealthcare as a participant in the UnitedHealthcare Preferred Lab Network reflects the strength of our quality. For additional information about our commitment to quality, see "General - Quality Assurance" on page 25. 
 
 Strong operating principles 
 
 We have a foundation of three strong operating principles: 
 
 strengthen organizational capabilities; 
 remain focused on diagnostic information services; and 
 deliver disciplined capital deployment. 
 
 Strengthen organizational capabilities. We continuously strive to strengthen our organizational capabilities to support our two-point strategy, enable growth and productivity, better focus on our customers, speed decision-making and empower employees. Highlights include: 
 
 Align for Growth, Execution and Efficiency . Our organization is designed to align around growth opportunities, coordinate business units for seamless execution and leverage our company-wide infrastructure to gain more capability, value and efficiency. We relied on this organizational design to allow us to develop a coordinated and sustained strategy to respond to the unprecedented challenges we face responding to the COVID-19 pandemic. The value creation side of our business includes product and commercial marketing and is organized by clinical franchise and focuses on customer solutions for the marketplace, including new test development and diagnostic insights. The value delivery side includes sales, laboratory operations, field operations, logistics and client services. 
 
 Quest Management System . This system provides a foundation for day-to-day management, and includes best-in-class business performance tools to help develop new capabilities to improve our Company. The system enables us to run the Company with a common language, approach and philosophy, and supports our efforts to maintain a high-performance culture, with employees focused on behaviors to foster our agility, transparency, customer focus, collaboration and performance orientation. 
 8 

Table of Contents 

Remain focused on diagnostic information services. We maintain a sharp focus on providing diagnostic information services. 
 
 Deliver disciplined capital deployment. Our disciplined capital deployment framework includes investment in our business, dividends and share repurchases. The framework is grounded in maintaining an investment grade credit rating. We expect to return a majority of our free cash flow to investors through a combination of dividends and share repurchases. Consistent with that expectation, in February 2023 we announced that we increased our quarterly common stock cash dividend by approximately 7.6 , from 0.66 per common share to 0.71 per common share. This represents our twelfth increase in the dividend since 2011. For many years, we have maintained a common stock repurchase program. Since the beginning of 2013, we have returned approximately 7.1 billion to stockholders through repurchases of our common stock. Our share repurchases, dividends and capital expenditures in each of the last three years are presented in our consolidated financial statements (Part II, Item 8 of this Report). 
 
 The Company's strategy includes generating growth through value-creating, strategically-aligned acquisitions using disciplined investment criteria. We screen potential acquisitions using guidelines that assess strategic fit and financial considerations, including value creation, return on invested capital and impact on our earnings. In 2022, we consummated the acquisition of Pack Health, a patient engagement company that helps individuals adopt healthier behaviors to improve outcomes, and the outreach testing business of Summa Health, a large integrated healthcare system in Northeastern Ohio. We also agreed to acquire select assets of the outreach testing business of Northern Light Health, a large integrated healthcare system in Maine. Our significant acquisitions in each of the last three years are further discussed in Note 6 to the audited consolidated financial statements (Part II, Item 8 of this Report). 
 
 We will continue to invest in our business in a disciplined manner, including focusing on enhancing our solid foundation of strategic assets and capabilities, accelerating growth and driving operational excellence. Our near-term investments in growth are likely to focus on the approaches to accelerate growth set forth in table 2 above. Our near-term investments to drive operational excellence are likely to focus on improving the customer experience and gaining efficiency, systems standardization, and digital enablement of our processes. 
 
 Assets and capabilities to deliver value 
 We use our unmatched size, scale and capabilities to deliver a very attractive value proposition to our customers. Assets and Capabilities (Table 8) Connectivity Provide healthcare connectivity solutions to >475,000 clinician and IDN accounts and interface with nearly 850 electronic health records systems 
 Data The largest private database of de-identifiable laboratory test results: >60 billion patient data points 
 Logistics Strong logistics capabilities 
 make >76,000 stops daily 
 approximately 4,000 courier vehicles 
 >20 aircraft serving the U.S. 
 Medical and Scientific Staff 
 One of the largest medical and scientific staffs in the industry to provide interpretive consultation 
 Approximately 600 M.D.s and Ph.D.s, many of whom are recognized leaders in their field 
 Genetic counselors 
 Other Healthcare Professionals 
 Approximately 23,000 phlebotomists, paramedics, nurses and other health and wellness professionals 
 Consumer Access 
 Approximately 7,300 patient access points, including phlebotomists in physician offices and the most extensive patient service center network in the U.S. with approximately 2,100 locations 
 Health Plan Participation 
 Access to approximately 90 of U.S. insured lives 
 
 Processing Volume 
 Processed approximately 208 million test requisitions in 2022, including approximately 15 million COVID-19 molecular test requisitions 

9 

Table of Contents 

 Range of Testing 
 Industry-leading test menu across clinical sub-specialty areas and diagnostic technologies 
 Patents 
 Own or control approximately 1,100 issued and over 450 pending patents worldwide in 2022 
 
 Innovation 
 
 We are a leading innovator in diagnostic information services. We develop and introduce new tests, including many with a focus on personalized and targeted medicine, and new services. Our capabilities include discovery, technology development and clinical validation of diagnostic tests. We also partner with other developers of new technologies, services and tests to transfer their innovations to the marketplace, using our in-house expertise e.g. , strength in assay development and commercialization of testing services). These developers include large commercial manufacturers, the academic community, pharmaceutical and biotechnology firms, emerging medical technology companies and others that develop and commercialize novel diagnostics, pharmaceutical and device technologies. We maintain relationships with advisers and consultants who are leaders in key fields of science and medicine. As the industry leader with the largest and broadest U.S. network, we believe we are the distribution channel of choice for developers of new solutions. 
 Our clinical franchises enable us to perform like a boutique while maintaining our scale advantages, and work with our research and development and commercial organizations to identify/deliver new and improved solutions. Clinical Franchises (Table 9) Cardiovascular, Metabolic and Endocrinology Cancer Diagnostics Infectious Diseases and Immunology Drug Monitoring and Toxicology Neurology Women s and Reproductive Health 
 
 We seek innovations and solutions that help healthcare providers, IDNs, health plans and other healthcare market participants care for their patients through better testing for predisposition, screening, monitoring, diagnosis, prognosis and treatment choices, and that deliver high clinical value to the medical community and reduce the overall cost of healthcare. Starting with a clinical focus on a specific disease state or clinical problem, we take advantage of advanced technology for more precise, comprehensive and actionable information. We seek to develop innovations and solutions that help to determine a patient's genotype or gene expression profile relative to a particular disease and its potential therapies, because they can help healthcare providers to determine a patient's susceptibility to disease or to tailor medical care to an individual's needs. This would include determining if a medication might be an optimum choice for a particular person, or tailoring the right dosage once the proper medicine is prescribed. We endeavor to improve test processes, including through increased automation. In addition, we aim to develop holistic solutions responsive to challenges that healthcare providers and patients face, by developing solutions of tests, information and services focused on specific clinical challenges, and taking advantage of the latest healthcare data capabilities. We also look for innovations and solutions that are less invasive than currently available options, and to increase the choices that healthcare providers and patients have for the collection of diagnostic specimens. We seek innovation in the ways we bring solutions to customers, and in the customer experience, including enhanced services and end-to-end solutions for convenience and support. We make innovative solutions available to community physicians through our connectivity solutions, operational footprint and by making complex results actionable. We plan to expand our innovative solutions through research and development, as well as partnerships with academic institutions, other technology and healthcare leaders and public health agencies. 
 
 During the COVID-19 pandemic, we secured numerous Emergency Use Authorizations from the FDA related to molecular diagnostic COVID-19 testing and, with government and private sector partners, developed and built "pop-up" COVID-19 testing sites that offered a new, efficient model for consumer access to testing. In 2022, we innovated with the CDC Increasing Community Access to Testing for COVID-19 program to increase access to 0 out-of-pocket COVID-19 testing in underserved communities using a combination of our capabilities including our strong COVID-19 molecular testing, our on-line capabilities and our patient service centers. We secured the first Emergency Use Authorization from the FDA during the Mpox (formerly known as Monkeypox) public emergency for an LDT to aid in the detection of Mpox. We also launched a new obstetrics test panel that included hepatitis C screening. These initiatives, along with other developments highlighted below under the headings "Collaboration," "Medical and Scientific Expertise," and "Healthcare Information Technology Solutions and Information Assets," demonstrate our agility and strength in innovation. 

10 

Table of Contents 

 Collaboration 
 
 We believe that strategic relationships, including with healthcare providers, public health authorities, consumer-focused entities and others, can position us for growth at the center of healthcare and that healthcare companies that can partner effectively with others will be successful in the long term. We collaborate with partners that can help us to achieve our vision of empowering better health through diagnostic insights and have relationships across the spectrum of healthcare, including with world class healthcare and consumer-focused leaders, to foster important advances in healthcare, including in precision medicine and healthcare delivery. We plan to continue to pursue strategic relationships to help accelerate growth and drive operational excellence. In 2022, we collaborated with IRIS (Intelligent Retinal Imaging Systems) to offer diabetic retinopathy screening services in our patient service centers, with Walmart to make consumer-initiated testing available through Walmart.com, and with eMed TM to launch a COVID-19 rapid antigen test with observed collection, to help individuals meet travel and other observed collection and test report requirements. 
 
 Medical and Scientific Expertise 
 
 We have strong medical and scientific expertise and aspire to be a trusted authority in diagnostic medicine, provide insights and tools to support public and personal health, lead and facilitate scientific discussion and inspire innovation. Our medical and scientific experts regularly provide presentations, symposia and webinars regarding diagnostic testing and participate on scientific committees determining guidelines for diagnostic usage. They also publish research that demonstrates the clinical value and importance of diagnostic testing, including in connection with our research and development efforts, in peer-reviewed journals, textbooks and other publications. For over 30 years, the Company has published the Quest Diagnostics Drug Testing Index, TM a series of reports on national workplace drug positivity trends based on the Company's employer workplace drug testing data, that is widely cited by employers, the federal government and the media to help identify and quantify drug abuse among the nation's workforce. The Company also publishes Quest Diagnostics Health Trends, a series of scientific reports that provide insights into health topics, based on analysis of objective clinical laboratory data, to empower better patient care, population health management and public health policy. Our role at the forefront of the response to the COVID-19 pandemic demonstrated this strength, as we secured numerous Emergency Use Authorizations from the FDA for innovations in connection with COVID-19 testing and specimen collection e.g. , unobserved nasal specimen self-collection; combined COVID-19 and influenza virus tests; COVID-19 at-home specimen collection by consumers). In 2022, we published more Health Trends reports on consequences of COVID-19, along with other reports on, for example, screening pregnant women for hepatitis C, and hepatitis B and tuberculosis co-infection. We also published studies regarding diabetes cost reductions achieved for participants in employer-sponsored health programs, perspectives on the future of Alzheimer's Disease treatment and the potential importance of employee health to addressing the "Great Resignation." In addition, we employed our comprehensive menu of COVID-19 test and data analytics to support CDC population health research, helping to identify SAR-COV-2 seroprevalence on a multistate basis. 
 
 Health Information Technology Solutions and Information Assets 
 
 We have a history of providing leading information technology for diagnostic information services, including for patients, clinicians and healthcare organizations. We were the first national diagnostic information services provider to offer online patient appointment scheduling and a patient connectivity solution. Our MyQuest patient healthcare portal, with more than 27.5 million registered users at year-end 2022, enables patients to manage healthcare and medical information for themselves and a circle of others and, among other things, use their smartphone or computer to order a test, find a Quest Diagnostics location, schedule appointments, receive appointment reminders, assess whether their health plan is in-network and receive and archive their test results. We are expanding our use of digital and other technology tools to improve our customer experience for patients and providers. We also were a founding member of the Synaptic Healthcare Alliance, which is working to create a platform, powered by blockchain technology, that enables a culture of innovation, removes friction and solves shared challenges impacting constituents across healthcare today. 
 
 We also have significant information assets and offer a robust portfolio of powerful analytics that inspire action and deliver value to an array of customers. We offer an array of Quanum solutions based on data insights, including retrospective analytics solutions for healthcare professionals and practices, health plans, IDNs, pharmaceutical companies and public health organizations. We believe that solutions can tap the potential of large amounts of clinical information to: enhance the customer experience; deliver more precise, comprehensive solutions and actionable information; provide increased and interactive insights and analytics; foster greater adherence to clinical and reimbursement guidelines; and advance the development of precision medicine. We believe that the breadth and depth of our data, combined with our powerful analytics capabilities, enables us to take advantage of important data-based opportunities in diagnostics, and provides us a competitive advantage. 
 
 11 

Table of Contents 

Customer Focus 
 
 Our brand idea -- Action from Insight -- reflects our commitment to a superior customer experience. The customer is at the center of everything we do; we strive to give them reason to put their trust in us. We use customer insights in developing our approach, listening to the voice of customers to identify and implement solutions and processes that will result in a superior customer experience. We also maintain our Everyday Excellence program, which includes guiding principles to support a superior customer experience, inspiring our employees to be their best every day, with every person and with every customer interaction. 

BUSINESS OPERATIONS 
 
 The Company is made up of two businesses: Diagnostic Information Services and Diagnostic Solutions. Our Diagnostic Information Services business develops and delivers diagnostic information services, providing insights that empower and enable a broad range of customers, including those discussed in table 13. Our Diagnostic Solutions group includes our risk assessment services business, which offers solutions for insurers, and our healthcare information technology businesses, which offers solutions for healthcare providers. Our services primarily are provided under the Quest Diagnostics brand, but we also provide services under other brands, including AmeriPath, Dermpath Diagnostics, ExamOne, and Quanum. 
 
 We are the leading provider in the United States, where we conduct substantially all of our business, of clinical laboratory and anatomic pathology testing, and related services. We see opportunities to bring our experience and expertise in diagnostic information services to markets outside the United States, including leveraging existing facilities to serve new markets. We have laboratory facilities in Finland, Mexico and Puerto Rico. We are a founding member, with other leading diagnostic laboratories outside the United States, of the Global Diagnostics Network, TM a strategic working group of diagnostic laboratories committed to unleashing and sharing local innovation to increase global access to diagnostic science, information and services and generating enhanced diagnostic insights to improve the delivery of global healthcare. The Company and fellow members of the Network are focused on response to the COVID-19 pandemic and preparedness for future global infectious diseases. 

Diagnostic Information Services 
 
 Background - clinical testing. Clinical testing is an essential element in the delivery of healthcare services. Clinical testing is used for predisposition, screening, monitoring, diagnosis, prognosis and treatment choices of diseases and other medical conditions. Clinical testing is generally categorized as clinical laboratory testing and anatomic pathology services. Anatomic pathology involves the diagnosis of cancer and other diseases and medical conditions through examination of tissue and cell samples taken from patients. 
 
 Clinical laboratory testing, which can be characterized as routine, non-routine or advanced, generally is performed on whole blood, serum, plasma and other body fluids, such as urine, and specimens such as microbiology samples. Clinical laboratory tests which can be performed by most clinical laboratories are considered routine. Routine testing measures various important bodily health parameters such as the functions of the kidney, heart, liver, thyroid and other organs. Commonly ordered routine tests include blood chemistries, urinalysis, allergy tests and complete blood cell counts. Non-routine tests may 
 12 

Table of Contents 

 require professional hands-on attention from highly-skilled technical personnel, generally require more sophisticated data analysis, technology, equipment or materials, may be performed less frequently than routine tests and may be reimbursed at higher levels than routine tests. It may not be practical, from a cost-effectiveness or infrastructure perspective, for many IDNs, ACOs, commercial laboratories or physician office laboratories to develop and perform a broad menu of non-routine tests, or to perform low-volume non-routine testing in-house. Such tests generally are outsourced to a clinical testing laboratory which can perform these non-routine tests. Some non-routine tests are advanced. Advanced tests include procedures in the areas of molecular diagnostics (including next-generation sequencing), oncology, neurology, companion diagnostics and non-invasive pre-natal and other germline genetic testing. 
 
 Our services. We are the world's leading provider of diagnostic information services. We provide information and insights based on an industry-leading menu of routine, non-routine and advanced clinical testing and anatomic pathology testing, and other diagnostic information services. We have strong testing capabilities, including services for the predisposition, diagnosis, treatment and monitoring of cancers and other diseases, and offer advanced tests in many fields, including endocrinology, immunology, neurology and oncology. Increasingly, we are focused on providing solutions and insights to our customers, based on the testing that we perform, the data that we gather and our extensive medical, information and connectivity assets. We believe that offering services, solutions and insights based on a full range of tests, information assets and other capabilities strengthens our market offering, market position and reputation. 
 
 We offer the broadest access in the United States to clinical testing. We maintain a nationwide network of laboratories, including advanced laboratories as well as rapid response laboratories (smaller facilities where we can quickly perform an abbreviated menu of routine tests for customers that require rapid turnaround times). We operate 24 hours a day, 365 days a year. Our nationwide network also includes patient service centers, phlebotomists in physician offices, and our connectivity resources, including call centers and mobile paramedics, nurses and other health and wellness professionals. Our large in-house staff of medical and scientific experts, including medical directors, scientific directors, genetic counselors and board-certified geneticists, provide medical and scientific consultation to healthcare providers and patients regarding our tests and test results, and help them best utilize our services to improve outcomes and enhance satisfaction. We also provide testing (including anatomic pathology) services and medical director services at IDN laboratories. 
 
 We are a leading provider of diagnostic information services for infectious disease, such as COVID-19 (including molecular diagnostic and serology antibody offerings), tuberculosis e.g. , our T.SPOT. TB and Quantiferon offerings) and tick-borne disease e.g. , our Accutix offering). We strive to be the first to provide diagnostic solutions for emerging infectious diseases e.g ., our offerings for Zika, West Nile Virus, SARS and Influenza A H1N1). We have leading positions in drug monitoring and toxicology, in neurology diagnostics, in advanced cardiovascular diagnostic information services e.g ., our CardioIQ and Cleveland HeartLab offerings through our Cardiometabolic Center of Excellence TM ), and in cancer diagnostics e.g ., our QuestVantage offerings). We are the largest workplace drug testing provider, testing urine, hair, and oral fluid specimens, and are certified by HHS to perform drug testing using electronic custody and control forms for federally-mandated, safety-sensitive workers. 
 
 We are a leading provider of employer population health services, including biometric screenings, flu shots and related preventative services that leverage clinical data to improve population health outcomes and reduce healthcare spend. Our solutions enable employers to leverage screening insights to identify chronic disease risks, connect employees to needed in-network care, and empower better health. Our offerings include connecting participants to the right care at the right time, such as (i) a program designed to prevent diabetes and other chronic conditions, (ii) a program that enables participants to engage with a board-certified physician about their results and to be guided about actions based on those results, (iii) a mental health assessment program that links participants to virtual support and (iv) a program to facilitate virtual telehealth access to clinical services for participants and adult dependents, with emphasis on reducing risks related to preventable chronic diseases. These services are sold directly to employers and by health plan resellers. In response to the COVID-19 pandemic, we developed and offered COVID-19 return to work services, to assist organizations developing plans for safer workplaces. 
 
 We offer Quanum health information technology solutions, including our products and national healthcare provider network, to help healthcare organizations and clinicians empower better health by leveraging the power of our significant information assets, including many years of test result data, and our technology prowess, including our history of providing leading information technology for diagnostic information services. Our portfolio of offerings is designed to address analytic, clinical and financial needs. The solutions help healthcare organizations and clinicians analyze and put in context data, and enable them to connect across the healthcare system and engage with their stakeholders. They can enter, share and access clinical information without costly information technology implementation or significant workflow disruption. 

13 

Table of Contents 

 We offer population health solutions to clinicians, health plans, and IDNs. Our services build on the power of our information assets and data capabilities and help our customers deliver better care to their patient populations by identifying gaps in care in a population, providing clinical solutions to close the gaps and fostering consumer engagement with a solution. For example, Quest Lab Stewardship TM employs machine learning to help clinicians optimize medically-appropriate laboratory test utilization. Our extended care services e.g ., bone density examinations; home collection kits for lab testing) help deliver better care to patient populations by identifying and filling gaps in care for patient populations and by enabling delivery of the most effective healthcare to the right populations and individuals. These services leverage the power of our assets e.g. , our extensive clinical data and data analytics services) and capabilities e.g ., call centers, patient service centers, mobile workforce) and focus on extending the reach of clinician offices beyond their traditional four walls to assess the health of their populations, and doing so when it is convenient for consumers. Once gaps are identified, we engage patients in our retail sites, in home or by telephone, including through our call centers and our mobile capabilities, including highly trained healthcare professionals. In 2022, we enhanced our extended care offering by acquiring Pack Health, which offers patient engagement services that help individuals adopt healthier behaviors to improve outcomes. We also enhanced our diabetic retinopathy screening offering, collaborating with IRIS (Intelligent Retinal Imaging Systems) to offer retinal imaging services in our patient service centers. 
 
 We offer services to pharmaceutical companies. We offer clinical trials testing and have expertise in developing laboratory tests for FDA submission as companion diagnostics and laboratory developed tests for complementary diagnostics, and offer an array of assets and services to support the development of companion diagnostics, including our robust data set and patient services network. We also offer Quest Clinical Trials Connect TM to help accelerate clinical trials (and thus the speed of drugs to market) through better patient recruitment, involvement and management, and improved physician outreach. In 2022, we also began to offer Pack Health's patient engagement services to our pharma clients. 
 
 We also offer sports teams, including at the professional and collegiate levels, performance tools, based on biomarker testing, designed to optimize high-level athletic performance through actionable insights. This service provides the context for athletes to consider performance variables holistically, including nutritional education and intervention, maximum fitness, injury assessment and training load monitoring as well as sophisticated biometric analysis. During the COVID-19 pandemic, we also expanded our test offerings for athletes to include COVID-19 testing, to foster the country's return to athletic fields. 
 
 Diagnostic Solutions 
 
 Risk Assessment Services. ExamOne is the largest provider of risk assessment services to the life insurance industry in North America. Our risk assessment services comprise underwriting support services, including data gathering, paramedical examinations and clinical laboratory testing and analytics, designed to assist life insurance companies objectively to evaluate the mortality risks of applicants. Most specimen collections and paramedical examinations are performed by our network of paramedical examiners at the applicant's home or workplace, but they also are offered at hundreds of Company patient service centers and many additional locations. 
 
 Healthcare Information Technology. We offer healthcare organizations and clinicians robust health information technology solutions. Our healthcare information technology offerings, including Quanum Practice Solutions, our Electronic Health Record, Practice Management and Revenue Cycle Management Solutions for healthcare providers, and our award-winning Quanum Enterprise Content Solutions for IDNs, connect data to decision-making and help clinicians advance clinical and operational strategies. Healthcare organizations use Quanum Enterprise Content Solutions at approximately 675 sites in North America. Our Quanum Electronic Health Record is a cloud-based, mobile-accessible offering that enables clinicians to generate a complete record of a clinical patient encounter, automates and streamlines the clinician's workflow, provides clinical decision support tools, captures patient encounter notes and lab and radiology results and enables secure communication with patients and other clinicians. 

THE CLINICAL TESTING INDUSTRY 
 
 Key Trends 
 
 The healthcare system in the United States is evolving. We expect that the evolution of the healthcare industry, including impacts of the COVID-19 pandemic, which include the increased adoption of telemedicine, will continue, and that industry change is likely to be extensive. There are a number of key trends that we expect will continue to have a significant impact on the diagnostic information services business in the United States and on our business. These trends, discussed in the table below, present both opportunities and risks. We believe that several of the trends, including consolidation, price transparency and consumerization, are favorable to our business. 
 
 14 

Table of Contents 

 Because diagnostic information services is an essential healthcare service and because of the key trends discussed below, we believe that the industry will continue to grow over the long term. In addition, we believe that the clinical testing market continued with fundamental changes in 2022. First, we believe that PAMA-driven reimbursement pressure is a catalyst for structural change in the market. Second, we believe that there is an increased focus among our customers, including health plans, ACOs and government programs, on driving value in connection with laboratory testing services. Third, we believe that ongoing consumerization in healthcare, with increased cost being borne by consumers, is changing consumption of healthcare services. We believe that these changing market fundamentals will benefit lower-cost, high-value providers like Quest and that we are well positioned to grow from the changing market conditions and benefit from the long-term growth expected in the industry. 
 
 Key Trends (Table 11) PAMA-driven reimbursement pressure Pursuant to PAMA, reimbursement rates for many clinical laboratory tests provided under Medicare were reduced during 2018 - 2020. PAMA calls for further revision of the Medicare Clinical Laboratory Fee Schedule for years after 2020, based on future surveys of market rates; reimbursement rate reduction from 2024-26 is capped by PAMA at 15 annually. PAMA's next data collection and reporting period have been delayed, most recently by federal legislation adopted in December 2022, which further delayed the reimbursement rate reductions and reporting requirements until January 1, 2024. Health plans driving value in lab spending IDNs, which provide outreach testing and may encourage clinicians to send their outreach testing volume to the IDN's laboratory, historically were able to negotiate higher reimbursement rates with health plans than commercial clinical laboratories for comparable services. In addition, health plans generally reimburse non-participating laboratory testing providers at higher out-of-network rates. We are finding increased interest among health plans in driving better value in spending for laboratory testing. Health plans increasingly are taking steps to encourage the movement of testing volume to high value, lower cost providers like our Company, including by identifying preferred provider partners, plan design changes e.g ., zero-dollar out-of-pocket costs for members using preferred providers) and better aligning reimbursement rates for IDN-based providers and independent commercial laboratories. The UnitedHealthcare Preferred Lab Network, which chose us to participate, is an example of a health plan taking these steps. 
 
 Health plans also are increasingly adopting policies, practices and procedures based on requirements imposed by government payers such as Medicare and Medicaid in order to influence the utilization and reimbursement of testing services. These policies, practices and procedures are subject to change without notice. 
 Consumerization Consumers are our customers. Increasingly, consumers are engaged and interested in, and empowered to manage and take direct responsibility for, their own healthcare. As a result, they are becoming more sophisticated in their understanding of their healthcare needs and their expectations of healthcare providers. Some consumers are interested in selecting their own diagnostics tests, rather than relying upon a healthcare professional to select the tests. In addition, consumers often are bearing increased financial responsibility for their healthcare e.g ., high deductible health plans; rising deductibles). In our experience, consumers are more focused on transparency, ease of doing business and understanding diagnostics information services than they have been in the past. Consumers increasingly are demanding convenience and a superior and personalized experience relevant to their needs. During the COVID-19 pandemic, we saw consumers increase their use of telemedicine capabilities, increase their responsibility for their own healthcare e.g. , increased consumer-initiated testing; increased specimen self-collection) and increase their openness to new delivery channels e.g ., retail; convenient "pop-up" test centers). In addition, consumers are seeking prompt, direct access to their test results. Increasingly, consumers are motivated to find high quality service providers with strong digital experience delivery engines, accessible customer service and lower prices, like our Company. Our consumer-initiated testing offering is part of our response to this trend. 
 Prevention and wellness We believe that the value of detection, prevention, wellness and personalized care is well recognized. Government agencies and other customers discussed in table 13 increasingly focus on helping the healthy stay healthy, detecting symptoms among those at risk and providing preventive insight and care that helps avoid or reduce the negative impacts of a disease. 
 15 

Table of Contents 

 Medical innovation Medical developments are creating new opportunities and new challenges and disrupting the healthcare environment. For example, during the COVID-19 pandemic, telemedicine practices became more commonly used and digital pathology is an emerging technology that may change the practice of pathology. Information technology that includes self-learning or "artificial intelligence" features is growing and impacting healthcare. 
 
 Continuing advances in genomics and proteomics are expected to give rise to new, more sophisticated and specialized diagnostic tests. These advances also are spurring interest in and demand for precision medicine, which relies on diagnostic and prognostic testing and in which data information services and strategies are used to deliver the most effective healthcare to the right populations and individuals. 
 
 Pharmacogenomic testing increasingly is used as a parameter to help speed drug approval processes and to better focus therapy based on patient and tumor-specific genetic markers. 
 
 Demand also is growing toward comprehensive care management solutions that serve patients, payers and healthcare providers by improving clinical decision support and access to patient data, and by increasing patient participation in care management and population health management. 
 
 Innovation also includes making healthcare services, including laboratory testing services, more convenient for populations and consumers to access, including at home e.g ., telehealth) or in retail settings. 
 
 Healthcare industry evolution; focus on value Customers discussed in table 13 and other healthcare system participants have been consolidating, converging and diversifying. For example, a number of IDNs are considering establishing or have established health insurance plans, and health insurance providers are considering providing or are providing healthcare services. In recent years, a leading provider of retail medical clinics and pharmacy benefits management services has acquired a leading health insurance provider, a leading health insurance provider has acquired a leading pharmacy benefits manager, leading providers of retail pharmacy services have acquired, or agreed to acquire, significant ownership stakes in physician practices, and the corporate parent of a leading health insurance company provides a wide array of healthcare services through its non-insurance company subsidiaries and is collaborating with the nation's largest retailer. Health plans are entering agreements with other providers of healthcare services, including laboratory testing services providers, to partner on value-based approaches to delivering healthcare to populations. 
 
 Consolidation is increasing pricing transparency and bargaining power, and may encourage internalization of clinical testing. 
 
 Physicians frequently now are employed by IDNs, ACOs or large group practices integrated with IDNs, instead of organizing physician-owned practices, which is impacting the dynamics for whether clinical testing is performed in or outside of an IDN. Physicians and other clinicians also increasingly are being employed by health plans, large retailers or their affiliates. 
 
 Value-based reimbursement and demand for convenience and greater availability are contributing to changes in the healthcare system. ACOs and patient-centered medical homes have grown as a means to deliver patient care. 
 
 CMS has refreshed its strategy to reinvigorate the national push toward value-based care for Medicare and Medicaid beneficiaries, and set goals for value-based reimbursement to be achieved. CMS has stated that the Medicare Sharing Savings Program for ACOs is a critical component of CMS' vision to advance health equity, drive high-quality, person-centered care and promote affordability and sustainability of the Medicare program. CMS sponsors two additional programs for ACOs, has stated that its goal is for all people in traditional Medicare to be in an ACO by 2030, and is adopting policies to drive growth in ACO participation. 
 
 Changes also are taking place in the way that some healthcare services are purchased and delivered in the United States. IDNs are under significant pressure, and IDNs and large retailers are evolving. Healthcare services increasingly are being provided by non-traditional providers e.g. , physician assistants), in non-traditional venues e.g ., retail medical clinics, urgent care centers) and using new technologies e.g. , telemedicine, digital pathology). 
 
 16 

Table of Contents 

 Pricing transparency There has been a trend toward greater pricing transparency in healthcare, including in the laboratory testing marketplace. Several states have taken action to foster greater pricing transparency in healthcare. For example, Massachusetts launched a website to help consumers understand the wide variation in healthcare costs. Federal laws require health care providers to provide good faith estimates of costs to self-pay patients, and provide rights and protections for consumers against surprise billing or balance billing. In addition, the federal government has adopted new legislation and issued new regulations designed to increase transparency regarding pricing and quality in healthcare, including requiring providers, group health plans and insurers to disclose cost information to consumers in advance of care being provided. Increased price transparency, combined with increased patient financial responsibility for medical care, is enhancing purchasing sophistication and fostering changes in behavior in the healthcare marketplace. We believe that increased price transparency should benefit lower cost, high value providers like our Company. Competition The diagnostic information services industry remains fragmented, is highly competitive and is subject to new competition. 
 
 Competition is emerging from new technologies e.g ., digital pathology) and growing from non-traditional competitors e.g ., a government agency or an employer establishing its own clinical laboratory for testing; providers of consumer-initiated testing). Increased IDN acquisitions of physician practices may enhance clinician ties to IDN-affiliated laboratories and may strengthen their competitive position. However, in light of other trends, including continued reimbursement pressure, IDNs may change their approach to providing clinical testing services. 
 
 New industry entrants with extensive resources may make acquisitions or expand into our traditional areas of operations. 
 Healthcare utilization Healthcare utilization in the United States has fluctuated based on a number of factors. These factors include, without limitation, the economy, healthcare benefits design, patients delaying medical care e.g ., due to the COVID-19 pandemic), and increased consumer financial responsibility for, interest in and control of their healthcare. 
 Reimbursement pressure; affordability There is a strong focus in the United States on controlling the overall cost of healthcare. 
 
 Healthcare market participants, including governments, are focused on controlling costs. Examples of cost control approaches include reducing reimbursement for healthcare services, changing reimbursement methodology for healthcare services e.g ., shift from fee for service to capitation), changing medical coverage policies e.g ., healthcare benefits design), denying coverage for services, requiring preauthorization of laboratory testing, requiring co-pays, introducing laboratory spend management utilities and payment and patient care innovations such as ACOs and patient-centered medical homes. There is increased market activity regarding alternative payment models, including bundled payment models. 
 
 The Health Transformation Alliance, initially a group of over 50 major U.S. companies, was formed to improve and reform the healthcare system in the United States. The rising cost of healthcare in the United States was a key driver for the formation of this alliance. 
 
 While pressure to control healthcare costs poses a risk to our Company, it also creates opportunities, such as an opportunity for increased proper utilization of testing as an efficient means to manage the total cost of healthcare. We believe that it also creates greater opportunities for consolidation and gaining share for high value, lower-cost providers, like our Company, as compared to other providers. 
 Legislative, regulatory and policy environment Government oversight of and attention to the healthcare industry in the United States is significant and increasing; healthcare payment reform and cost transparency are significant issues. 
 
 The FDA and HHS have expressed views regarding the regulation of LDTs. Legislation introduced in recent sessions of Congress that would authorize the FDA to regulate LDTs has not become law. If legislation that authorizes the FDA to regulate LDTs were to become law, it could have a significant impact on the clinical laboratory testing industry, including regulating LDTs in new ways, while creating avenues of opportunity and competition regarding clinical laboratory testing. New competitors may enter the industry, and competition may come in new forms. 
 
 17 

Table of Contents 

 Use of healthcare data; technology The increased availability of healthcare data, including data made available as a result of next generation DNA sequencing, and the increased ability to effectively analyze that data at population and patient levels, is impacting healthcare practices. It is anticipated that the increased use of data in healthcare, coupled with mobile healthcare IT solutions for doctors and patients, will help to improve patient outcomes and reduce overall healthcare costs. We provide automated next generation genetic sequencing, which will enable genetic screening faster and at lower cost. Use of healthcare data, including integrated diagnostic and decision support solutions, predictive analytics, and healthcare information technology, is spurring advances in precision medicine, including medical decision making and value, for populations and individuals. The increased focus on data and its use is increasing focus on maintaining the privacy of patient data. There is a need for technology solutions to harness these opportunities. In addition, new technology, social media and mobile technology are changing the way that healthcare markets interact with each other, and the expectations that they have about how services are provided, what services are provided, and other capabilities of healthcare market participants. These developments are creating new opportunities and new challenges and disrupting the healthcare environment. For example, during the COVID-19 pandemic, telemedicine practices became more commonly used and digital pathology is an emerging technology that may change the practice of pathology. Information technology that includes self-learning or "artificial intelligence" features is growing and impacting the healthcare industry. Healthcare market participants, including many of our customers discussed in table 13, are striving to leverage interoperability and healthcare data analysis to positively influence the health of patient populations while maintaining patient privacy. Chronic diseases and conditions; gaps in care We believe that the cost and challenges of identifying, treating and controlling chronic diseases and conditions such as diabetes and heart disease are now well recognized. As a result of multiple factors, including increased focus on population health management and pressure to reduce the systemic costs associated with such diseases and conditions, there is increased focus on better identifying and attempting to reduce or eliminate the gaps in care historically associated with these diseases and conditions. Healthcare market participants are developing new approaches for this purpose. As a result of the COVID-19 pandemic, there has been an increase in delays in diagnosis and treatment of chronic diseases and conditions, particularly in underserved communities, increasing potential gaps in care. The COVID-19 pandemic called attention to gaps in care of these conditions in underserved populations; we believe that there also is increased focus on reducing or eliminating these gaps in care. Healthcare services delivery Healthcare delivery is moving out of hospitals, clinician offices and other traditional locations in which it had been provided. Care is increasingly being provided in new settings, such as outpatient, retail, consumer-focused and home settings. In response to the COVID-19 pandemic, telemedicine practices became more commonly used. This dynamic offers new opportunities and challenges for healthcare providers and reflects not only efforts to take advantage of new technologies, but also the trends of consumerization and affordability, each of which are discussed above in this table. 
 
 The Value of Diagnostic Information Services 
 
 In view of the key trends discussed in table 11, healthcare providers, consumers and payers increasingly recognize the value of diagnostic information services as a means to help achieve the triple aim of healthcare: improving medical quality and the patient experience while reducing the cost of care. The CDC states that 70 of today's medical decisions depend on laboratory test results. Table 12 highlights how diagnostic information services contribute to improving medical quality and the patient experience while reducing healthcare costs. 
 18 

Table of Contents 

 Helping to Achieve the Triple Aim of Healthcare (Table 12) Detect the symptoms of disease earlier (by identifying patients at risk for disease before they require urgent care, hospital treatment or expensive therapies) Aid in the choice of therapeutic regimen (by helping clinicians to target the right medicines for the right patients at the right time) Identifying treatment-related side effects 
 Monitor patient compliance Evaluate treatment results e.g ., assessing early the efficacy of a therapy, enabling changes or discontinuation of ineffective therapies) 
 Enabling population health management by identifying gaps in care and delivery of targeted solutions to individuals who need care Identifying and proactively managing individuals at risk for diseases, to decrease progression and associated costs and morbidity Help individuals obtain and interpret appropriate advice and referrals into needed care 
 
 Customers 
 
 We provide diagnostic information services to a broad range of customers, including those discussed in table 13. As discussed in table 11 above, customers are consolidating, converging and diversifying. In many cases, the customer that orders our services is not responsible for paying for these services. Depending on the billing arrangement and applicable law, the payer may be the patient or a third party, such as a health plan, Medicare or a Medicaid program. Increasingly, patients are bearing greater responsibility for some portion of the payment for the services we provide to them, even if a third party is primarily responsible for payment. In addition, consumers are more frequently taking advantage of offerings like the Company's QuestHealth TM offering, and requesting and paying for tests themselves. 
 
 Customers (Table 13) Clinicians Clinicians e.g ., primary care physicians, specialists and physician assistants) requiring diagnostic information services for patients are the primary referral source for our services when patients choose their diagnostic information services provider. 
 
 In recent years, there has been a marked increase in the number of physician practices owned by IDNs. There also has been a notable increase in some branches of medicine of the establishment of very large "rolled-up" physician practice groups. IDNs that own physician practices may encourage or require the practices to refer outreach testing to the IDN's affiliated laboratory. Large specialty physician groups may encourage their members to refer testing to other members of the group or to a lab owned by the large physician group. In each case, referrals to independent diagnostic services providers may be reduced. 
 
 Clinicians determine which laboratory to recommend or use based on a variety of factors, including those set forth in table 14. 
 
 19 

Table of Contents 

 Health plans including managed care organizations and other health insurance providers These customers typically reimburse us as a contracted (or out-of-network) provider for services rendered to their members. In certain locations, health plans may delegate to IPAs or other alternative delivery systems e.g ., physician IDN organizations, ACOs, patient-centered medical homes) the ability to negotiate for diagnostic information services on behalf of certain members. Increasingly, these customers are interested in value-based arrangements. 
 
 Health plans and IPAs often require that diagnostic information services providers accept discounted fee structures or assume all or a portion of the financial risk associated with providing such services through capitated payment arrangements. Under capitated payment arrangements, we provide services at a predetermined monthly reimbursement rate for each covered member, generally regardless of the number or cost of services provided by us. Under some capitated programs, we may provide certain services on a negotiated fee-for-service basis. Reimbursement under programs that do not provide for capitated payments is typically negotiated on a fee-for-service basis. 
 
 Reimbursement from our five largest health plans totaled approximately 20 , and no one health plan accounted for 10 , of our consolidated net revenues in 2022. Health plans typically negotiate directly or indirectly with a number of diagnostic information services providers, and represent approximately one-half of our total clinical testing volume and approximately 45 of our net revenues from diagnostic information services. There has been a trend of consolidation among health plans. Some health plans also have narrowed their provider networks. In addition, some health plans have established "preferred provider" networks within their broader networks (e.g., UnitedHealthcare's Preferred Lab Network), in effect distinguishing among contracted providers. 
 
 We are also sometimes a member of a complementary network. A complementary network generally is a set of contractual arrangements that a third party maintains with various providers that provide discounted fees for the benefit of its customers. A member of a health plan may choose to access a non-contracted provider that is a member of a complementary network; if so, the provider will be reimbursed at a rate negotiated by the complementary network. 
 
 We offer to health plans services and programs that leverage our Company's expertise and resources, including our superior patient access, extensive test menu, medical staff, data, information technology solutions, and wellness and population health management capabilities. 
 
 For the last few years, our Company has had access to a very high percentage of the insured lives in the U.S., including very strong access in key high-population states. We believe that this strong access increases our attractiveness to other customer groups, including clinicians, patients and employers. 
 IDNs We believe that we are an industry leader in servicing hospitals. We provide services to IDNs throughout the United States, including advanced testing services, in some cases managing or serving as the medical directors of their laboratories (including through our industry-leading Professional Lab Services offering discussed in table 3 above). IDNs generally maintain an on-site laboratory to perform the significant majority of clinical testing for their patients (inpatients and outpatients) and refer certain testing to outside service providers, which typically charge the IDNs on a negotiated fee-for-service basis. Fee schedules for IDN reference testing services often are negotiated on behalf of IDNs by group purchasing organizations. We also have joint venture arrangements with leading IDNs. These joint venture arrangements, which provide diagnostic information services for affiliated IDNs as well as for unaffiliated clinicians and other local healthcare providers, serve as our principal facilities in their service areas. Typically, we have either a majority ownership interest in, or day-to-day management responsibilities for, our joint venture relationships. In light of continued pressure to reduce systemic healthcare costs, IDNs may change their approach to providing clinical testing services, including by insourcing tests, seeking ways to improve profitability or to better utilize their laboratory capacity. We believe that our combination of services positions us to be an attractive partner for IDNs, offering a full range of strategic relationships. 
 20 

Table of Contents 

 ACOs An ACO is a network of providers and facilities that share financial risk in providing or arranging for the provision of healthcare. ACO members collaborate to provide coordinated, high-quality care to their patients; ACOs may manage the health of a population group, exercise operational and financial control over providers across the continuum of care, and function as a payer. Increasingly, ACOs are focusing on driving improvement in healthcare through value-based services arrangements, and to influence reimbursement for healthcare delivery. For example, ACOs may be encouraged to consider exclusive arrangements with healthcare providers, or to limit service providers. The Medicare Sharing Savings Program for ACOs is a critical component of CMS' vision to advance health equity, drive high-quality, person-centered care and promote affordability and sustainability of the Medicare program. CMS sponsors two additional programs for ACOs, has stated that its goal is for all people in traditional Medicare to be in an ACO by 2030, and is adopting policies to drive growth in ACO participation. 
 
 We believe that our experience with value-based arrangements with other payers positions us as a strong partner for ACOs. In addition, we believe that our extended care experience and population health capabilities are attractive to ACOs, and that our Quest for Health Equity initiative underscores our commitment to health equity important to ACOs. 
 Employers Employers use tests for drugs of abuse to determine an individual's employability and fitness for duty. Companies with high levels of employee hiring, safety conscious environments or regulatory testing requirements provide the highest volumes of testing. Factors such as the general economy, the job market and changes in the legal environment e.g ., marijuana legalization or decriminalization) can impact the utilization of drugs-of-abuse testing. Some employers retain third party administrators to handle such testing and related services; we support the needs of third party administrators as well as employers who retain us directly. 
 
 Employers also are investing in population health services. We meet their needs by providing nationwide access to our customizable services (discussed above at page 13), directly and through health plan and health improvement providers. These services help employers, employees and others manage healthcare costs, capitalize on trends in personalized health and improve health outcomes. 
 
 We seek to grow our employer business through offering new and innovative programs to help them with their goals of (1) maintaining a safe and productive workplace, (2) improving healthcare for employees and (3) lowering healthcare costs for employees and employers. 
 Consumers We are well positioned to provide information and insights to individual consumers to help empower them take actions to improve their healthcare. The changing expectations of individual consumers about their healthcare and their healthcare transactions are influencing our services and the way we provide them. See the discussions of our consumer strategy at page 5 and consumerization above in table 11. FQHCs FQHCs are non-profit, community-directed organizations that offer care to medically underserved patients; FQHCs are the largest primary care system in the United States today. Their patients are mostly low income, members of racial and ethnic minority groups, and are uninsured or publicly insured. We offer an array of services that we believe are attractive to FQHCs as they pursue better outcomes for their patients and maintain financial stability for their organizations. Our services include our financial assistance programs, customized billing solutions that help to assist patients who struggle to afford testing, home-based collection options and our extensive patient service center network. We offer solutions for optimizing test utilization, simplifying lab-related tasks, and reducing inefficiencies and duplicative efforts can help FQHCs keep costs in line, and technology solutions that can help them to meet quality reporting requirements and achieve quality measures through benchmarking and identifying areas for improvement. We also offer a tiered, flexible approach to gaps-in-care programs that helps complement FQHC efforts to emphasize preventive care. Our Quest for Health Equity initiative also demonstrates our commitment to FQHCs and the people they serve; many of these initiatives support FQHCs, including by providing free lab testing services. Emerging Retail Healthcare Providers In recent years, retail providers of healthcare services have emerged and are growing as customers. These providers include "big-box" retailers, pharmacy chains, supermarkets, urgent care centers and Internet-based service providers. 
 
 We are taking advantage of opportunities to work with these providers, not only to offer new access partners e.g ., CVS and Rite-Aid retail locations) and new access points for our services e.g ., our collaboration with Safeway), but also to grow our business by expanding our service offerings e.g ., our collaboration with Walmart). See the discussion of our consumer strategy at page 5 
 
 21 

Table of Contents 

 Government Agencies We provide services on a fee-for-service basis to federal, state and local governmental agencies. 
 Historically, most Medicare and Medicaid beneficiaries were covered under the traditional Medicare and Medicaid programs administered by the federal government. Over the last several years, the federal government has expanded its contracts with private health insurance plans for Medicare beneficiaries and has encouraged such beneficiaries to switch from the traditional programs to the private programs, called Medicare Advantage programs. There has been growth of health insurance providers offering Medicare Advantage programs and of beneficiary enrollment in these programs. States also have mandated that Medicaid beneficiaries enroll in private managed care arrangements. We provide additional services to and in conjunction with government agencies across the United States in connection with the COVID-19 pandemic see , e.g ., the discussion at page 10 above regarding our collaboration with CDC). 
 Pharmaceutical companies We offer clinical trials testing and have expertise with laboratory developed tests for companion and complem entary diagnostics, and offer an array of assets and services to support the development of companion diagnostics, including our robust data set and patient services network. We also offer data services solutions, leveraging our data, analytics and expertise, to help therapy developers understand markets and patient and disease journeys, and plan commercial activity. In addition, we offer Quest Clinical Trials Connect TM to help accelerate clinical trials (and thus the speed of drugs to market) through better patient recruitment, involvement and management, and improved physician outreach. We also offer Pack Health's patient engagement services. 
 Other Laboratories We provide services on a fee-for-service basis to other commercial clinical laboratories. 
 
 Competition. While there has been consolidation in the diagnostic information services industry in recent years, our industry remains fragmented and highly competitive. We primarily compete with three types of clinical testing providers: commercial clinical laboratories, IDN-affiliated laboratories and physician-office laboratories. Our largest commercial clinical laboratory competitor is Laboratory Corporation of America Holdings, Inc. In addition, we compete with many smaller regional and local commercial clinical laboratories, specialized advanced laboratories and providers of consumer-initiated testing. In anatomic pathology, we compete with anatomic pathology practices, including those in academic institutions and large physician group practices, and providers of emerging digital pathology solutions. There also has been a trend among physician practices to establish their own histology laboratory capabilities and/or bring pathologists into their practices, thereby reducing referrals from these practices and increasing the competitive position of these practices. 
 
 Healthcare providers consider a number of factors when selecting a diagnostic information services provider. Potential Factors Considered When Selecting a Diagnostic Information Services Provider (Table 14) Service capability and quality Reputation in the medical community 
 Accuracy, timeliness and consistency in reporting test results 
 Healthcare information technology solutions, including connectivity options 
 Access to medical/scientific thought leaders for consultation 
 Patient access, including the number, convenience and geographic coverage of patient service centers 
 Patient insurance coverage and experience Ability to develop new and useful tests and services 
 Number and type of tests performed Qualifications of its staff Pricing and overall value Provider office workflow Real time payment determination Capabilities to support population health initiatives 0 
 
 We believe that providing the most attractive service offering in the industry, including the most comprehensive test menu, innovative test offerings, a positive customer experience, a staff including medical and scientific experts, strong quality, leading access and distribution, and data-powered integrated information technology solutions provide us with a competitive advantage. 
 
 We believe that large diagnostic information services providers have a competitive advantage due to their large networks and lower cost structures. These advantages should enable larger providers to serve customers more effectively. In addition, we believe that consolidation in the diagnostic information services industry will continue. However, a significant portion of clinical testing is likely to continue to be performed by IDNs, which generally have affiliations with community clinicians and may have more, or more convenient, locations in a market. As a result, we compete against IDN-affiliated laboratories primarily on the basis of service capability, quality and pricing. In addition, market activity may increase the 
 22 

Table of Contents 

 competitive environment. For example, IDN ownership of physician practices may enhance the ties of the clinicians to IDN-affiliated laboratories, enhancing the competitive position of IDN-affiliated laboratories. 
 
 The diagnostic information services industry is faced with changing technology, new product introductions and new service offerings. Competitors may compete using advanced technology, including technology that enables more convenient or cost-effective testing. Digital pathology, still in an emerging state, is an example of this. Competitors also may compete on the basis of new service offerings. Competitors also may offer testing to be performed outside of a commercial clinical laboratory, such as (1) point-of-care testing that can be performed by physicians in their offices; (2) testing that can be performed by IDNs in their own laboratories; and (3) home testing that can be carried out without requiring the services of outside providers. 
 
 The risk assessment and healthcare information technology industries are highly competitive. We have many competitors, some of which have much more extensive experience in these industries and some of which have greater resources. We compete in the risk assessment business by seeking to provide a wider array of quality, integrated services than our competitors, faster services completion and a superior applicant experience. We compete in the healthcare information technology industry by offering solutions that foster better patient care and improve performance for healthcare providers, particularly smaller and medium sized physician practices. 

GENERAL 
 
 Human Capital Management. Creating an inspiring workplace is one of our three corporate goals, and this goal drives our approach to human capital management. Effectively managing our human capital resources is a priority with key components that include culture, safety and well-being programs, employee engagement, and attracting, training, development and succession planning. Our Board of Directors actively engages in oversight of our human capital management, including by receiving management reports on key areas, strategies and initiatives. Additional information about our human capital management strategies and initiatives is available in our annual corporate responsibility report. 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, we have approximately 49,000 employees, of whom approximately 40,000 are full-time and the remainder are part-time or on-call. Our employee population is more diverse than the U.S. workforce, taken as a whole. Approximately 72 of our employees globally identify as women; approximately 50 of our U.S. employees identify as people of color. A majority of our employees work directly with our customers or in our laboratories. Fewer than 1 of our employees are represented by a union. We believe that our overall relations with our employees are good. 
 
 Culture . We strive to foster a strong culture, built on our Code of Ethics, which reinforces our commitment to integrity and aligns with our vision, values, goals and brand. Our Quest Management System, discussed above at page 8, supports our effort to maintain a focus on high performance. We also focus on building and maintaining a collaborative, diverse and inclusive culture in which all employees are empowered to raise and discuss difficult issues and valued for their strengths, experience and unique perspectives (our focus on diversity and inclusion is discussed further below). We encourage our employees to actively participate in their communities, and support their participation, including offering incentives for participation. Our Everyday Excellence program includes guiding principles for our entire organization to support a superior customer experience and inspire employees to be their best every day, with every person and with every customer interaction; the program is integrated into performance assessments and frontline employee behavioral standards. Our Recognition Quest Program reinforces our commitment to recognize above and beyond contributions and to demonstrating how much we value, care for and appreciate one another by regularly celebrating and rewarding one another as we work together. 
 
 Safety and Well-Being . The health and safety of our employees is of paramount concern. We use a systematic, risk-based approach to develop tailored incident prevention and response programs designed to keep our employees safe in each of our diverse functional areas, and use data insights and a detailed audit program to foster the effectiveness of our programs. We have a comprehensive curriculum of annual safety training, as well as training for new employees. During the COVID-19 pandemic, our cross-functional Safely Working Together Steering Committee designed and implemented tactics, techniques and procedures to enable our colleagues to continue to work safely. As part of our comprehensive and competitive compensation and benefits program, we also offer innovative initiatives to support the well-being of our employees and their families through our HealthyQuest program. The cornerstone of HealthyQuest is our Blueprint for Wellness program, which empowers our employees and their dependents with health insights based on lab and biometric data and invites them each year to take the initiative to improve their physical and mental health. We also offer other programs designed to engage employees in managing their health, including access to medical expertise and support programs tailored to their individual needs, helping them to adopt healthier behaviors and access better care at lower costs. These include customized programs for conditions such as type 2 diabetes management, chronic kidney disease, cardiovascular disease, specialty drugs, and zero-cost lab testing, and 
 23 

Table of Contents 

 special support for orthopedic surgery and for cancer and other serious diagnoses. In 2022, we enhanced our mental health offering for employees. 
 
 Inclusion and Diversity . We understand the need to create an environment where employees can bring their whole selves to work, and our Everyday Equity philosophy embodies our commitment to promote inclusion and embrace diversity by consistently inviting new perspectives and exploring new experiences. We aim to harness the unique mix of capabilities, talents, cultures, beliefs and experience of our employees and create a workforce that is demographically diverse at all levels of the organization. Through our CTC Framework (focusing on Culture, Talent and Community), we prioritize diversity across the entire talent lifecycle, with the goals of supporting employees throughout their careers at Quest, ensuring transparency and identifying opportunities for action. In 2022, we continued to focus on inclusion and diversity through additional training for leaders and other employees. We also continued, with the Quest Diagnostics Foundation, Quest for Health Equity, our initiative to help reduce health disparities in underserved communities. 
 
 Engagement . Since 1997, we have sought to foster the engagement and enablement of our employees, and have regularly surveyed our employees to assess their engagement. Employee engagement has been a metric in the annual incentive plan for our executive officers since 2013. Since 2020, our strategy for gathering employee feedback utilizes more frequent employee surveys. This approach is designed to build an agile culture, based on continuous feedback that fuels ongoing conversations about priorities, performance, opportunities and growth, to result in a higher performing organization and committed employees. In addition, we hold regular meetings among hundreds of company leaders to foster increased communication across the company regarding topics of concern to employees. 
 
 Attracting, Training, Development and Succession Planning . We have a strong program designed to attract a diverse, qualified work force that will assist us to achieve our business goals. For example, we are partnering with universities to help build our pipeline of expertise in medical technology, cytology and histology, and we have teamed up with a third-party phlebotomy training program to train and certify phlebotomist candidates who can join our ranks upon graduation. We provide training on a wide array of topics to our employees through live and online formats, including opportunities that can be accessed through their mobile devices. We also offer a number of development opportunities for our employees, such as mentoring and education programs, including a higher education tuition assistance program. In addition, we provide leadership training opportunities for employees at all levels, including a manager essentials curriculum, our Leading Quest Supervisor and Manager Core Program, coaching programs and trainings to strengthen critical leadership skills. We also deliver a number of programs tailored to specific functions to drive a high-performance culture and sharpen the capabilities needed to lead our organization e.g ., our Commercial, Finance, Pathology, R D, and Product Management Leadership Programs). We have a robust talent assessment and succession planning process to promote business continuity, including at the most senior levels; this planning is linked to our engagement and inclusion and diversity initiatives, to foster those efforts. 
 
 Sales and Marketing. Our Diagnostic Information Services business has a unified commercial organization focused on the sale of most of our services. It coordinates closely with our clinical franchises (discussed above under the heading I nnovation and marketing organization. The commercial organization is centrally led, and is organized regionally, in conjunction with our operations organization, to focus on local customer needs and to ensure aligned delivery for our customers. Our commercial organization employs world-class processes and tools and strong management discipline. We provide industry-leading training and development, focus on opportunities with IDNs and specialty physicians, and foster a customer-focused, performance-driven culture. We also maintain distinct sales and marketing organizations for our offerings in Diagnostic Solutions and our employer drugs-of-abuse testing services. 
 
 Information Technology. We use information systems extensively in virtually all aspects of our business, including clinical testing, test ordering and reporting, billing, customer service, logistics and management of data. We endeavor to establish systems that create value and efficiencies for our Company and customers. The successful delivery of our services depends, in part, on the continued and uninterrupted performance of our information technology systems. We take precautionary measures to prevent problems that could affect our information technology systems. 
 
 Some of our historic growth has come through acquisitions and, as a result, we continue to use multiple information systems. We have made significant progress implementing common systems in our regional laboratories, and we continue to standardize laboratory information and billing systems across our operations. We expect that our standardization efforts will take several more years to complete, and will result in significantly more centralized systems, improved operating efficiency, more positive customer experiences and enhanced control over our operational environment. Even after we complete our efforts to standardize our legacy systems, we will need to focus on standardizing systems in connection with future business acquisitions. 
 
 24 

Table of Contents 

 Quality Assurance. As discussed further under the heading Quality on page 8, our goal is to provide every patient with services and products of superior quality, and to meet that goal we employ the Quest Management System. Employing root cause analysis, process improvements and rigorous tracking and measuring, we continuously seek to enhance quality, reduce defects, further increase the efficacy and efficiency of our operations and processes, eliminate waste and help standardize operations across our Company. 
 
 In our laboratory operations, our quality assurance efforts focus on pre-analytic, analytic and post-analytic processes, including positive patient identification of specimens, appropriate specimen transport, analysis and report accuracy, reference interval establishment and review, statistical process control and personnel training for our laboratories and patient service centers. As part of our quality assurance program, we utilize internal proficiency testing, comprehensive quality control and rigorous process audits. We have introduced comprehensive and digitized data analytics software that implements advanced automated quality control procedures, offering both real-time and post-analytic analysis of data at the laboratory and corporate level. We monitor test results to identify trends, biases, instrument failures and population shifts through digitization and data analytics. We also focus on the licensing, credentialing, training and competence of our professional and technical staff. For example, our cytotechnologists and pathologists participate in an internal peer-review evaluation and one or more external individual proficiency testing programs. 
 
 We have accreditation or licenses for our clinical laboratory operations from various regulatory agencies or accrediting organizations, such as CMS, CAP and certain states. All of our laboratories participate in external quality surveillance programs, including proficiency testing programs administered by CAP and several state agencies. CAP is an independent, nongovernmental organization of board-certified pathologists approved by CMS to inspect clinical laboratories to determine compliance with the standards required by CLIA. CAP offers an accreditation program to which clinical laboratories may voluntarily subscribe. All of our major laboratories, including our laboratories outside the U.S., and a number of our rapid response laboratories, are accredited by CAP. Accreditation includes on-site inspections and participation in the CAP (or equivalent) proficiency testing program. In addition, some of our laboratories also have International Organization for Standardization (ISO) certification for their quality management systems. 
 
 We maintain a robust Supplier Quality Program designed to ensure a high quality supplier network and to raise the bar of quality expectation across that network. We expect suppliers to provide the highest quality products and services and to embrace an ethic of transparent quality collaboration. In our program, we aim to ensure and improve the quality of purchased products and services. Our suppliers are expected to operate under quality management principles that meet industry standards, strive for zero defect manufacturing, use statistical analysis to reduce variation and meet applicable regulatory standards. In choosing suppliers, we evaluate their quality systems and quality performance metrics. Our supplier qualification process is risk-based, with assessments and on-site audits based on risk tiers. Contracts with our suppliers include specific quality, compliance, and change management provisions as appropriate. We use supplier quality engineers who are trained to audit on ISO standards and FDA regulations applicable to suppliers processes, and a procurement engineering team to assist with qualification and validation of new supplies and products. We actively manage supplier performance, utilizing a problem reporting and resolution process designed to drive to root cause and corrective actions. We maintain a continuous improvement dialogue with our suppliers, and with operationally critical suppliers deliver a supplier scorecard that supports continuous improvement. 
 
 We also maintain quality assurance programs for IDN laboratories that we manage, and for our services offerings outside laboratories. 
 
 Intellectual Property Rights. We own significant intellectual property, including patents, patent applications, technology, trade secrets, know-how, copyrights and trademarks in the United States and other countries. From time to time, we also license patents, patent applications, technology, trade secrets, know-how, copyrights or trademarks owned by others; we also may license our intellectual property to others. In the aggregate, our intellectual property assets and licenses are of material importance to our business. We believe, however, that no single intellectual property asset is material to our business as a whole. Our approach is to manage our intellectual property assets, to safeguard them and to maximize their value to our enterprise. We actively defend our important intellectual property assets and pursue protection of our products, processes and other intellectual property where possible. 
 
 Enterprise Risk Management Program . We maintain an enterprise risk management program designed to promote a culture of risk awareness throughout the Company's key business, operations and support functions. Our program, which is integrated with the Company s governance, performance management and internal control frameworks, entails a formal continuous process that identifies, assesses, mitigates and manages the risks from both internal and external conditions that could significantly impact the Company and influence its business strategy and performance, including environmental, social and governance issues. The program is designed based on the most recent framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission, and we benchmark it against best practices. We focus on the following risk types: 
 25 

Table of Contents 

Operational risk - risks arising from systems, processes, people and external events that affect the Company s operational objectives or fundamental reason for its existence, including: product life-cycle and execution; service quality and performance; information management and data protection and security, including cybersecurity; supply chain and business disruption; and other risks, including human capital, reputation and environmental. 
 
 Financial risk - risks arising from the Company s ability to meet its financial obligations pursuant to its strategic and operational objectives, including exposure to broad market and more specific industry risk that could impact liquidity, interest rate, credit, pricing and reimbursement, and also to internal and external financial reporting. 
 
 Legal and compliance risk - risks arising from the regulatory and enforcement environment, legal proceedings and adherence to ethics and compliance policies and procedures. 
 
 Strategic risk - risks that will impede the Company s plan to achieve its mission and vision and apply its core values, including changes in the broad market and Company's industry, business development and restructuring activities, competitive threats and practices, technology and product innovation, and public policy. 
 
 As part of our program, we routinely assess our enterprise level risks, emerging risks, overall Company-level risk tolerance and the effectiveness of risk management, and monitor the progress of and resources applied to risk mitigation; our Board of Directors actively oversees our program. Our primary risk factors are discussed in Risk Factors beginning on page 32 . 
 
 Billing; Government Reimbursement. We generally bill for diagnostic information services on a fee-for-service basis under one of two types of fee schedules; fees may be negotiated or discounted. The types of fee schedules are: 
 
 Client fees charged to physicians, IDNs and institutions for which services are performed on a wholesale basis and which are billed on a monthly basis. 
 
 Patient fees charged to individual patients and certain third-party payers on a claim-by-claim basis. 
 
 Billing for diagnostic information services is very complicated. Our customers, discussed in table 13, have different billing requirements. Some billing arrangements require us to bill multiple payers, and there are several other factors that complicate billing e.g ., disparity in coverage and information requirements among payers; incomplete or inaccurate billing information provided by ordering clinicians; and lack of access to patients before testing). We maintain compliance policies and procedures for our billing practices, and we audit our practices for compliance with applicable laws and regulations and internal policies and procedures. 
 
 With regard to the clinical testing services performed on behalf of Medicare beneficiaries, we generally must bill Medicare directly and must accept the Medicare carrier's fee schedule amount for covered services as payment in full. In addition, state Medicaid programs are prohibited from paying more (and in most instances, pay significantly less) than Medicare. Currently, Medicare does not require the beneficiary to pay a co-payment for diagnostic testing services reimbursed under the Clinical Laboratory Fee Schedule, but generally does require a patient deductible and co-insurance for anatomic pathology services. 
 
 Part B of the Medicare program contains fee schedule payment methodologies for clinical testing services performed for covered patients, including a national ceiling on the amount that carriers could pay under their local Medicare clinical testing fee schedules. Historically, the Medicare Clinical Laboratory Fee Schedule and the Medicare Physician Fee Schedule established under that program have been subject to change, including each year. Pursuant to PAMA, reimbursement rates for many clinical laboratory tests provided under Medicare were reduced from 2018 - 2020. PAMA calls for further revision of the Medicare Clinical Laboratory Fee Schedule for years after 2020, based on future surveys of market rates; reimbursement reduction from 2024-26 is capped by PAMA at 15 annually. PAMA's next data collection and reporting period have been delayed, most recently by federal legislation adopted in December 2022, which further delayed the reimbursement rate reductions and reporting requirements until January 1, 2024. 
 26 

Table of Contents 

Our net revenues reimbursed under Medicare and Medicaid in 2022 were lower as a percentage of our consolidated net revenues than in recent years (excluding 2021 and 2020, when we also experienced significant COVID-19 testing). Excluding revenues attributable to COVID-19 testing, approximately 12 of our net revenues were reimbursed under Medicare and Medicaid in 2022, compared to approximately 15 in 2019. 

REGULATION 
 We are subject to extensive and frequently changing laws and regulations in the United States (at both the federal and state levels) and other jurisdictions in which we conduct business, and to government inspections and audits. 
 
 Key Regulatory Schemes (Table 16) CLIA and State Clinical Laboratory Licensing CLIA regulates the operations of virtually all clinical laboratories, requiring that they be certified by the federal government and that they comply with various technical, operational, personnel and quality requirements intended to ensure that the services provided are accurate, reliable and timely. 
 
 State laws may require additional personnel qualifications or licenses, quality control, record maintenance, proficiency testing or detailed review of our scientific method validations and technical procedures for certain tests. 
 
 Violations of these laws and regulations may result in monetary fines, criminal and civil penalties and/or suspension or exclusion from participation in Medicare, Medicaid and other federal or state healthcare programs. 
 Medicare and Medicaid; Fraud and Abuse Diagnostic testing services provided under Medicare and Medicaid programs are subject to complex, evolving, stringent and frequently ambiguous federal and state laws and regulations, including those relating to billing, coverage and reimbursement. Anti-kickback laws and regulations prohibit making payments or furnishing other benefits to influence the referral of tests billed to Medicare, Medicaid or certain other federal or state healthcare programs. In addition, federal and state anti-self-referral laws generally prohibit Medicare and Medicaid payments for clinical tests referred by physicians who have an ownership or investment interest in, or a compensation arrangement with, the testing laboratory, unless specific exceptions are met. Some states have similar laws that are not limited in applicability to only Medicare and Medicaid referrals and could also affect tests that are paid for by health plans and other non-governmental payers. Violations of these laws and regulations may result in monetary fines, criminal and civil penalties and/or suspension or exclusion from participation in Medicare, Medicaid and other federal or state healthcare programs. 
 27 

Table of Contents 

 FDA The FDA has regulatory responsibility over, among other areas, instruments, software, test kits, reagents and other devices used by clinical laboratories to perform diagnostic testing in the United States. The FDA also regulates drugs-of-abuse testing for employers and insurers, testing for blood bank purposes and testing of donors of human cells for purposes such as in vitro fertilization. 
 
 A number of advanced tests we develop internally are offered as LDTs. The FDA has claimed regulatory authority over all LDTs, but has stated that it exercised enforcement discretion with regard to most LDTs performed by high complexity CLIA-certified laboratories. 
 
 Pursuant to the 21st Century Cures Act, the FDA issued final guidance regarding its position on the regulation of clinical decision software, which may be used in connection with LDTs. The guidance attempts to address uncertainty regarding whether FDA approval of certain software is required. It has been used by the FDA, in part, to assert authority over the annotation software aspects of pharmacogenetic testing services. 
 
 The FDA and HHS have expressed views regarding the regulation of LDTs. Legislation introduced in recent sessions of Congress that would authorize the FDA to regulate LDTs has not become law. If legislation that authorizes the FDA to regulate LDTs were to become law, it could have a significant impact on the clinical laboratory testing industry, including regulating LDTs in new ways, while creating avenues of opportunity and competition regarding clinical laboratory testing. New competitors may enter the industry, and competition may come in new forms. 
 Environmental, Health and Safety We are subject to laws and regulations related to the protection of the environment, the health and safety of employees and the handling, transportation and disposal of medical specimens, infectious and hazardous waste and radioactive materials. 
 
 For example, the U.S. Occupational Safety and Health Administration has established extensive requirements relating specifically to workplace safety for healthcare employers in the U.S. This includes requirements to develop and implement multi-faceted programs to protect workers from exposure to blood-borne pathogens, including preventing or minimizing any exposure through needle stick injuries. 
 
 For purposes of transportation, some biological materials and laboratory supplies are classified as hazardous materials and are subject to regulation by one or more of the following agencies: the U.S. Department of Transportation, the U.S. Public Health Service, the U.S. Postal Service and the International Air Transport Association. 
 Physicians Our pathologists are required to hold a valid license to practice medicine in the jurisdiction in which they practice. The manner in which licensed physicians can be organized to perform medical services may be governed by the laws of the jurisdictions in which medical services are provided and by the medical boards or other entities authorized by these jurisdictions to oversee the practice of medicine. Several jurisdictions in which our businesses are located prohibit business corporations from engaging in the practice of medicine. In these jurisdictions, anatomic pathology services are delivered through physician-owned entities that employ the practicing pathologists. Privacy and Security of Health and Personal Information We are subject to laws and regulations regarding protecting the security and privacy of certain healthcare and personal information, including: (a) the federal Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act and the regulations thereunder, which establish (i) a complex regulatory framework including requirements for safeguarding protected health information and (ii) comprehensive federal standards regarding the uses and disclosures of protected health information; (b) state laws e.g ., California) and similar laws in other states; and (c) laws outside the U.S., including the European Union's General Data Protection Regulation and similar laws in other jurisdictions. We may be subject to penalties for non-compliance and may be required to notify individuals or state, federal or county governments if we discover certain breaches of personal information or protected health information. 
 Drug Testing; Controlled Substances All U.S. laboratories that perform drug testing for certain public sector employees and employees of certain federally regulated businesses are required to be certified as meeting the detailed performance and quality standards of the Substance Abuse and Mental Health Services Administration. 
 
 To obtain access to controlled substances used to perform drugs-of-abuse testing in the United States, laboratories must be licensed by the Drug Enforcement Administration. 
 
 28 

Table of Contents 

 Compliance. We strive to conduct our business in compliance with all applicable laws and regulations. We license and maintain appropriate accreditations for all of our laboratories and, where applicable, patient service centers, as required by federal and state agencies. We have a long-standing and well-established compliance program. The Quality and Compliance Committee of our Board of Directors oversees, and receives periodic management reports regarding, our compliance program. Our program includes detailed policies and procedures and training programs intended to ensure the implementation and observance of all applicable laws and regulations (including regarding billing and reimbursement, and privacy of protected health information and personally identifiable information) and Company policies. Further, we conduct in-depth reviews of procedures and facilities to assure regulatory compliance throughout our operations. We conduct annual training of our employees on these compliance policies and procedures. 
 
 As an integral part of our billing compliance program, we investigate reported or suspected failures to comply with Medicare or Medicaid reimbursement requirements. As a result of these efforts, we have periodically identified and reported overpayments, refunded the payers for overpayments and taken appropriate corrective action. 

AVAILABLE INFORMATION 
 
 The Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC maintains an internet site, www.sec.gov, that contains annual, quarterly and current reports, proxy and information statements and other information that issuers file electronically with the SEC. We file reports, proxy statements and other information with the SEC; they are publicly available at the SEC's internet site. 
 
 Our internet address is www.QuestDiagnostics.com. The information on or accessible through our website is not part of and is not incorporated by reference into this Report. We make available free of charge, on or through our Investor Relations webpage (www.QuestDiagnostics.com/investor), our proxy statements, Annual Report on Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, Current Reports on Form 8-K and any amendments to those reports filed or furnished pursuant to the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ), as soon as reasonably practical after such material is filed with, or furnished to, the SEC. 
 
 www.QuestDiagnostics.com/investor provides information about our corporate governance. Information Available at Our Corporate Governance Webpage (Table 17) Directors 
 Corporate Governance Guidelines 
 Composition of the committees of our Board of Directors 
 Code of Ethics 
 Senior management 
 Certificate of Incorporation 
 Charters for the committees of our Board of Directors 
 Bylaws 
 Information about our corporate political contributions 
 Values 
 Statements of beneficial ownership of our equity securities filed by our directors, officers and others under Section 16 of the Exchange Act 

We also maintain a Corporate Responsibility webpage that provides information about our corporate responsibility program, including our focus on environmental, social and governance issues and our annual Corporate Responsibility Report. 
 
 www.QuestDiagnostics.com/our-company/corporate-responsibility provides information about our corporate responsibility program. Information Available at Our Corporate Responsibility Webpage (Table 18) Corporate Responsibility Reports 
 Quest for Health Equity 
 Information about our corporate political contributions 
 Quest Diagnostics Foundation 
 Environmental, social and governance resources 
 Sustainability 
 Governance, ethics and values 
 Community giving 

29 

Table of Contents 

 INFORMATION ABOUT OUR EXECUTIVE OFFICERS 
 Executive Officers (Table 19) Name, Age, Title Background James E. Davis (60) Chief Executive Officer and President On November 1, 2022, Mr. Davis became Chief Executive Officer and President, having served as CEO-Elect since February 3, 2022. In January 2017, he became Executive Vice President, General Diagnostics; previously Mr. Davis was Senior Vice President and Group Executive - Regional Businesses. In January 2015, he assumed responsibility for the general management of the Company's regional Diagnostic Information Services business. Mr. Davis was responsible for our products business from February 2014 until 2016. From February 2014 to January 2015, he was responsible for operations for the Company's Diagnostic Information Services business. Mr. Davis joined Quest Diagnostics in April 2013 as Senior Vice President, Diagnostics Solutions, with responsibility for the healthcare information technology, risk assessment, clinical trials, diagnostic products and employer solutions businesses. Prior to joining Quest Diagnostics, from March 2012 to April 2013, Mr. Davis served as Lead Director, and then as Chief Executive Officer, of InSightec, Inc., a medical device company that designs and develops ultrasound ablation devices that are guided by magnetic resonance imaging systems. Previously, Mr. Davis held a number of senior positions in General Electric s healthcare business, including from 2007 to 2012 as Vice President and General Manager of GE Healthcare s magnetic resonance imaging business. Prior to joining GE Healthcare, Mr. Davis held leadership positions in GE s aviation business and led the development of strategic and operational improvement initiatives for clients of McKinsey Company, Inc. Mark E. Delaney (55) Senior Vice President and Chief Commercial Officer Mr. Delaney joined the Company in March 2022 and is responsible for all sales operations. From 2017 until Hill-Rom Holdings Inc. was acquired by Baxter Healthcare in 2021, Mr. Delaney served as Vice President of Sales and Marketing at Hill-Rom, a manufacturer and provider of medical technologies and related services for the healthcare industry; after the acquisition by Baxter Mr. Delaney became Vice President and General Manager at Baxter until he joined Quest Diagnostics. Previously, Mr. Delaney served in a number of senior sales and marketing leadership roles at General Electric's healthcare business, most recently as Senior Vice President and Zone Manager, where he had regional responsibility for sales of imaging, patient monitoring, information technology and services. 
 30 

Table of Contents 

 Catherine T. Doherty (60) Senior Vice President, Regional Businesses Since March 2022, Ms. Doherty has been responsible for the general management of the Company's regional Diagnostic Information Services business, the commercial organization, marketing and consumer-initiated testing. She also is responsible for driving operational excellence, including the Company's quality and efficiency initiatives. Ms. Doherty is the Executive Sponsor of the Company's Women in Leadership Employee Business Network. 
 
 From January 2013 to March 2022, Ms. Doherty was Senior Vice President and Group Executive - Clinical Franchise Solutions and Marketing. In this role, she was responsible for overseeing the development of clinical franchise solutions in the areas of general health and wellness, cardiovascular, metabolic and endocrinology, infectious disease and immunology, and prescription drug monitoring and toxicology, as well as enterprise-wide marketing, consumer-initiated testing, the employer solutions and risk assessment businesses, and beginning in February 2020, our sports diagnostics franchise. She also was responsible for clinical franchise solutions in the areas of neurology and women's health from January 2013 to January 2017 and for the healthcare information technology business from February 2014 to January 2017. 
 
 Prior to January 2013, Ms. Doherty held a variety of positions of increasing responsibility since joining the Company in 1990, including Senior Vice President, Physician Services; Vice President, Hospital Services; Vice President, Office of the Chairman; Vice President, Finance and Administration for the Hospital business; Vice President, Communications and Investor Relations; and Chief Accounting Officer. 
 Mark A. Gardner (57), Senior Vice President, Molecular Genomics and Oncology Mr. Gardner joined the Company in October 2022 in his current role. He is responsible for oncology, pathology, specialty genetics, and research and development. Mr. Gardner joined Quest from Corza Medical, a provider of surgical technologies and tools, where he served since 2019 as Executive Partner, Senior Vice President and General manager of European Commercial Operations and Biosurgery Products. Prior to that, Mr.Gardner served as Chief Executive Officer of OmniSeq Corporation, a molecular diagnostics company, from 2016 to 2019 and in Vice President and General Manager positions at Thermo Fisher Scientific Inc. from 2003 to 2016, including roles with Life Technologies and Invitrogen. He began his career as a consultant with McKinsey and Company, Inc. Karthik Kuppusamy (53) Senior Vice President, Clinical Solutions Mr. Kuppusamy assumed his current role in August 2022. He is responsible for the Company's clinical franchises other than oncology, as well as the Company's pharmaceutical services, genomic services, medical affairs, medical quality and global markets activities. Mr. Kuppusamy serves as co-chair of the Company's Inclusion and Diversity Council. Previously, Mr. Kuppusamy was Vice President and General Manager of the Company's Diagnostics Information Services business in its North Region since from 2018 and General Manager of the Neurology Franchise and Consumer Genetics from 2014 to 2017. He joined the Company in 2014 from General Electric's healthcare business where he held general manager roles in product development, research and development, sales and marketing in the Diagnostics Imaging Division. 
 31 

Table of Contents 

 Patrick Plewman (56) Senior Vice President, Diagnostics Services Mr. Plewman assumed his current role in April 2022. He is responsible for a portfolio of data driven analytics and services offerings, including Employer Population Health, Healthcare Analytic Solutions, Pack Health, Risk Assessment (ExamOne) and Employer Solutions. Since joining the Company in 2013, Mr. Plewman was Vice President and General Manager of the Company's Diagnostic Information Services Business in its West Region since 2018 and previously served as General Manager of the Company's Cardiovascular, Metabolic and Endocrinology Franchise, General Manager of the Company's Infectious Disease and Immunology Franchise and General Manager of the General Health and Wellness franchise. Prior to joining the Company, Mr. Plewman served as Co-Founder, President and Chief Executive Officer of diaDexus, Inc. Previously, Mr. Plewman held various positions of increasing responsibility at SmithKline Beecham Inc. Michael E. Prevoznik (61) Senior Vice President and General Counsel Mr. Prevoznik joined the Company as Vice President and General Counsel in August 1999. In 2003, he assumed responsibility for governmental affairs. Mr. Prevoznik also is the Executive Co-Sponsor of the Company's Quest For Health Equity Initiative. 
 
 From 1999 until April 2009, Mr. Prevoznik also had responsibility for the Company's Compliance Department. In addition, from April 2011 to January 2017, he had management responsibility for the Company's diagnostic information services activities outside the U.S., and from April 2011 to January 2013, he had management responsibility for the Company's clinical trials business. 
 
 Prior to joining the Company, Mr. Prevoznik served in positions of increasing responsibility within the compliance organization at SmithKline Beecham, most recently as Vice President, Compliance, with responsibility for coordinating all SmithKline Beecham compliance activities worldwide. 
 Sam A. Samad (53) Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer Mr. Samad joined the Company in his current role in July 2022. He is responsible for the Company's finance, accounting, investor relations, internal audit and treasury activities. Prior to joining the Company, Mr. Samad served as Chief Financial Officer of Illumina, Inc., a global leader in DNA sequencing and array-based technologies, since 2017. Prior to joining Illumina, Mr. Samad held several senior leadership positions at Cardinal Health, including Senior Vice President and Treasurer, with operational and financial responsibility for Cardinal Health's China business, and before that in sales and finance roles at Eli Lilly and Company, both domestically and internationally. 

Item 1A. Risk Factors 
 
 You should carefully consider all of the information set forth in this Report, including the following risk factors, before deciding to invest in any of our securities. The risks below are not the only ones that we face. Additional risks not presently known to us, or that we presently deem immaterial, may also negatively impact us. Our business, consolidated financial condition, revenues, results of operations, profitability, reputation or cash flows, or the price of our common stock, could be materially impacted by any of these factors. 
 This Report also includes forward-looking statements that involve risks or uncertainties. Our results could differ materially from those anticipated in these forward-looking statements as a result of certain factors, including the risks we face described below and elsewhere. See Cautionary Factors that May Affect Future Results on page 42 . 

32 

Table of Contents 

RISKS RELATED TO OUR BUSINESS 
 
 The U.S. healthcare system is evolving and medical laboratory testing market fundamentals are changing, and our business could be adversely impacted if we fail to adapt. 
 
 The U.S. healthcare system continues to evolve. Significant change is taking place in the healthcare system, including as discussed above under the heading The Clinical Testing Industry, beginning on page 14. For example, value-based reimbursement is increasing e.g. , UnitedHealthcare's Preferred Lab Network); CMS has set goals for value-based reimbursement to be achieved by 2030. Patients are encouraged to take increased interest in and responsibility for, and often are bearing increased responsibility for payment for, their healthcare. Healthcare industry participants are evolving and consolidating. Healthcare services increasingly are being provided by non-traditional providers e.g ., physician assistants), in non-traditional venues e.g ., retail medical clinics, urgent care centers) and using new technologies e.g ., telemedicine, digital pathology). Utilization of the healthcare system is being influenced by several factors and may result in a decline in the demand for diagnostic information services. 
 
 In addition, we believe that clinical testing market fundamentals are changing. We believe that PAMA-driven reimbursement pressure remains a catalyst for structural change in the market. We also believe that health plans and consumers increasingly are focusing on driving better value in laboratory testing services. We expect that the evolution of the healthcare industry will continue, and that industry change is likely to be extensive. 
 
 The clinical testing business is highly competitive, and if we fail to provide an appropriately priced level of service or otherwise fail to compete effectively it could have a material adverse effect on our revenues and profitability. 
 
 The clinical testing business remains a fragmented and highly competitive industry. We primarily compete with three types of clinical testing providers: other commercial clinical laboratories, IDN-affiliated laboratories and physician-office laboratories. We also compete with other providers, including anatomic pathology practices, large physician group practices and providers of consumer-initiated testing. IDNs generally maintain on-site laboratories to perform testing on their patients (inpatient or outpatient). In addition, many IDNs compete with commercial clinical laboratories for outreach (non-IDN patients) testing. IDNs may seek to leverage their relationships with community clinicians and encourage the clinicians to send their outreach testing to the IDN's laboratory. As a result of this affiliation between IDNs and community clinicians, we compete against IDN-affiliated laboratories primarily based on quality and scope of service as well as pricing. In addition, IDNs that own physician practices may encourage or require the practices to refer testing to the IDN's laboratory. In recent years, there has been a trend of IDNs acquiring physician practices, increasing the percentage of physician practices owned by IDNs. Increased IDN ownership of physician practices may enhance clinician ties to IDN-affiliated laboratories and may strengthen their competitive position. The formation of ACOs and their approach to contracts with healthcare providers also may increase competition to provide diagnostic information services. In addition, new players have recently started to provide clinical lab testing services e.g ., employers; government agencies). 
 
 The diagnostic information services industry also is faced with changing technology and new product introductions. Competitors may compete using advanced technology, including technology that enables more convenient or cost-effective testing. Digital pathology, still in an emerging state, is an example of this. Competitors also may compete on the basis of new service offerings. Competitors also may offer testing to be performed outside of a commercial clinical laboratory, such as (1) point-of-care testing that can be performed by physicians in their offices; (2) advanced testing that can be performed by IDNs in their own laboratories; and (3) home testing that can be carried out without requiring the services of outside providers. 
 
 Government payers, such as Medicare and Medicaid, have taken steps to reduce the utilization and reimbursement of healthcare services, including clinical testing services. 
 
 We face efforts by government payers to reduce utilization of and reimbursement for diagnostic information services. One example of this is increased use of prior authorization requirements. We expect efforts to reduce reimbursements, to impose more stringent cost controls and to reduce utilization of clinical test services will continue. 
 
 33 

Table of Contents 

 Pursuant to PAMA, reimbursement rates for many clinical laboratory tests provided under Medicare were reduced from 2018 - 2020. PAMA calls for further revision of the Medicare Clinical Laboratory Fee Schedule for years after 2020, based on future surveys of market rates; reimbursement rate reduction from 2024-26 is capped by PAMA at 15 annually. PAMA's next data collection and reporting period have been delayed, most recently by federal legislation adopted in December 2022, which further delayed the reimbursement rate reductions and reporting requirements until January 1, 2024. 
 
 In addition, CMS has adopted policies limiting or excluding coverage for clinical tests that we perform. We also provide physician services that are reimbursed by Medicare under a physician fee schedule, which is subject to adjustment on an annual basis. Medicaid reimbursement varies by state and is subject to administrative and billing requirements and budget pressures. 
 
 In addition, over the last several years, the federal government has expanded its contracts with private health insurance plans for Medicare beneficiaries, called Medicare Advantage programs, and has encouraged such beneficiaries to switch from the traditional programs to the private programs. There has been growth of health insurance plans offering Medicare Advantage programs, and of beneficiary enrollment in these programs. States have mandated that Medicaid beneficiaries enroll in private managed care arrangements. In addition, state budget pressures have encouraged states to consider several courses of action that may impact our business, such as delaying payments, reducing reimbursement, restricting coverage eligibility, denying claims and service coverage restrictions. Further, CMS has set goals for value-based reimbursement to be achieved by 2030. 
 
 Reimbursement for Medicare services also is subject to annual reduction under the Budget Control Act of 2011, and the Statutory Pay-As-You-Go Act of 2010. 
 
 From time to time, the federal government has considered whether competitive bidding could be used to provide clinical testing services for Medicare beneficiaries while maintaining quality and access to care. Congress periodically considers cost-saving initiatives. These initiatives have included coinsurance for clinical testing services, co-payments for clinical testing and further laboratory physician fee schedule reductions. 
 
 Other steps taken to reduce utilization and reimbursement include requirements to obtain diagnosis codes to obtain payment, increased documentation requirements, limiting the allowable number of tests or ordering frequency, expanded prior authorization programs and otherwise increasing payment denials. 
 
 Steps to reduce utilization and reimbursement also discourage innovation and access to innovative solutions that we may offer. 
 
 Health plans and other third parties have taken steps to reduce the utilization and reimbursement of health services, including clinical testing services. 
 
 We face efforts by non-governmental third-party payers, including health plans, to reduce utilization of and reimbursement for clinical testing services. Examples include increased use of prior authorization requirements and increased denial of coverage for services. There is increased market activity regarding alternative payment models, including bundled payment models. We expect continuing efforts by third-party payers, including in their rules, practices and policies, to reduce reimbursements, to impose more stringent cost controls and to reduce utilization of clinical testing services. ACOs and IDNs also may undertake efforts to reduce utilization of, or reimbursement for, diagnostic information services. 
 
 The healthcare industry has experienced a trend of consolidation among health insurance plans, resulting in fewer but larger insurance plans with significant bargaining power to negotiate fee arrangements with clinical testing providers. The increased consolidation among health plans also has increased pricing transparency, insurer bargaining power and the potential adverse impact of ceasing to be a contracted provider with an insurer. Health plans, and independent physician associations, may demand that clinical testing providers accept discounted fee structures or assume all or a portion of the financial risk associated with providing testing services to their members through capitated payment arrangements. Some health plans also are reviewing test coding, evaluating coverage decisions and requiring preauthorization of certain testing. There are also an increasing number of patients enrolling in consumer driven products and high deductible plans that involve greater patient cost-sharing. 
 
 34 

Table of Contents 

 Other steps taken to reduce utilization and reimbursement include requirements to obtain diagnosis codes to obtain payment, increased documentation requirements, limiting the allowable number of tests or ordering frequency, expanded prior authorization programs and otherwise increasing payment denials. 
 
 Steps to reduce utilization and reimbursement also discourage innovation and access to innovative solutions that we may offer. 
 
 Failure to develop, or acquire licenses for, new tests, technology and services could negatively impact our testing volume and revenues. 
 
 The diagnostic information services industry is faced with changing technology and new product introductions. Other companies or individuals, including our competitors, may obtain patents or other property rights that would prevent, limit or interfere with our ability to develop, perform or sell our solutions or operate our business or increase our costs. In addition, they could introduce new tests, technologies or services that may result in a decrease in the demand for our services or cause us to reduce the prices of our services. Our success in continuing to introduce new solutions, technology and services will depend, in part, on our ability to license new and improved technologies on favorable terms. We may be unable to develop or introduce new solutions or services. Other companies or individuals, including our competitors, may obtain patents or other property rights on tests or processes that we may be performing, that could prevent, limit or interfere with our ability to develop, perform or sell our tests or operate our business. We also may be unable to continue to negotiate acceptable licensing arrangements, and arrangements that we do conclude may not yield commercially successful clinical tests. If we are unable to license these testing methods at competitive rates, our research and development costs may increase as a result. In addition, if we are unable to develop and introduce, or license, new solutions, technology and services to expand our advanced testing capabilities, our services may become outdated when compared with our competition. 
 
 Failure to establish, and perform to, appropriate quality standards, or to assure that the appropriate standard of quality is observed in the performance of our diagnostic information services, could adversely affect the results of our operations and adversely impact our reputation. 
 
 The provision of diagnostic information services involves certain inherent risks. The services that we provide are intended to provide information in providing patient care. Therefore, users of our services may have a greater sensitivity to errors than the users of services or products that are intended for other purposes. 
 
 Negligence in performing our services can lead to injury or other adverse events. We may be sued under physician liability or other liability law for acts or omissions by our pathologists, laboratory personnel and IDN employees who are under our supervision. We are subject to the attendant risk of substantial damages awards and risk to our reputation. 

RISKS RELATED TO CHANGE IN PUBLIC POLICY 
 AND THE REGULATORY AND LEGAL ENVIRONMENT 
 
 We are subject to numerous legal and regulatory requirements governing our activities, and we may face substantial fines and penalties, and our business activities may be impacted, if we fail to comply. 
 
 Our business is subject to or impacted by extensive and frequently changing laws and regulations in the United States (including at both the federal and state levels) and the other jurisdictions in which we engage in business. While we seek to conduct our business in compliance with all applicable laws, many of the laws and regulations applicable to us are vague or indefinite and have not been extensively interpreted by the courts, including many of those relating to: 
 
 billing and reimbursement of clinical testing; 
 certification or licensure of clinical laboratories; 
 the anti-self-referral and anti-kickback laws and regulations; 
 the laws and regulations administered by the FDA; 
 the corporate practice of medicine; 
 operational, personnel and quality requirements intended to ensure that clinical testing services are accurate, reliable and timely; 
 physician fee splitting; 
 relationships with physicians and IDNs; 
 marketing to consumers; 
 35 

Table of Contents 

 privacy of patient data and other personal information; 
 safety and health of laboratory employees; and 
 handling, transportation and disposal of medical specimens, infectious and hazardous waste and radioactive materials. 
 
 These laws and regulations may be interpreted or applied by a prosecutorial, regulatory or judicial authority in a manner that could require us to make changes in our operations, including our pricing and/or billing practices. We may not be able to maintain, renew or secure required permits, licenses or any other regulatory approvals needed to operate our business or commercialize our services. If we fail to comply with applicable laws and regulations, or if we fail to maintain, renew or obtain necessary permits, licenses and approvals, we could suffer civil and criminal penalties, fines, exclusion from participation in governmental healthcare programs and the loss of various licenses, certificates and authorizations necessary to operate our business, as well as incur additional liabilities from third-party claims. If any of the foregoing were to occur, our reputation could be damaged and important business relationships with third parties could be adversely affected. 
 
 We regularly receive requests for information, and occasionally subpoenas, from governmental authorities. We also are subject from time to time to qui tam claims brought by former employees or other whistleblowers. The federal and state governments continue aggressive enforcement efforts against perceived healthcare fraud. Legislative provisions relating to healthcare fraud and abuse provide government enforcement personnel substantial funding, powers, penalties and remedies to pursue suspected cases of fraud and abuse. In addition, the government has substantial leverage in negotiating settlements since the amount of potential damages far exceeds the rates at which we are reimbursed for our services, and the government has the remedy of excluding a non-compliant provider from participation in the Medicare and Medicaid programs. Regardless of merit or eventual outcome, these types of investigations and related litigation can result in: 
 
 diversion of management time and attention; 
 expenditure of large amounts of cash on legal fees, costs and payment of damages; 
 increases to our administrative, billing or other operating costs; 
 limitations on our ability to continue some of our operations; 
 enforcement actions, fines and penalties or the assertion of private litigation claims and damages; 
 decreases to the amount of reimbursement related to diagnostic information services performed; 
 adverse affects to important business relationships with third parties; 
 decreased demand for our services; and/or 
 injury to our reputation. 
 
 Changes in applicable laws and regulations may result in existing practices becoming more restricted, or subject our existing or proposed services to additional costs, delay, modification or withdrawal. Such changes also could require us to modify our business objectives. 
 
 Our business could be adversely impacted by the FDA's approach to regulation. 
 
 The FDA has regulatory responsibility over, among other areas, instruments, software, test kits, reagents and other devices used by clinical laboratories to perform diagnostic testing in the U.S. A number of tests we develop internally are offered as LDTs. The FDA has claimed regulatory authority over all LDTs, but has stated that it exercised enforcement discretion with regard to most LDTs performed by high complexity CLIA-certified laboratories. 
 
 As the FDA moves to regulate more clinical laboratory testing, its approach to regulation is impacting industry practices and participants, new competitors may enter the industry, and competition may come in new forms. The FDA and HHS have expressed views regarding the regulation of LDTs. Legislation introduced in recent sessions of Congress that would authorize the FDA to regulate LDTs has not become law. If legislation that authorizes the FDA to regulate LDTs were to become law, it could have a significant impact on the clinical laboratory testing industry, including regulating LDTs in new ways, while creating avenues of opportunity and competition regarding clinical laboratory testing. New competitors may enter the industry, and competition may come in new forms. 
 
 Pursuant to the 21st Century Cures Act, the FDA issued final guidance regarding its position on the regulation of clinical decision software, which may be used in connection with LDTs. The guidance attempts to clarify whether FDA approval of certain software is required. It has been used by the FDA, in part, to assert authority over the annotation software aspects of pharmacogenetic testing services. 
 
 36 

Table of Contents 

 Failure to accurately bill for our services, or to comply with applicable laws relating to government healthcare programs, could have a material adverse effect on our business . 
 
 Billing for diagnostic information services is complex and subject to extensive and non-uniform rules and administrative requirements. Depending on the billing arrangement and applicable law, we bill various payers, such as patients, insurance companies, Medicare, Medicaid, clinicians, IDNs and employer groups. The majority of billing and related operations for our Company are being provided by a third party under the Company's oversight. Failure to accurately bill for our services could have a material adverse effect on our business. In addition, failure to comply with applicable laws relating to billing government healthcare programs may result in various consequences, including: civil and criminal fines and penalties, exclusion from participation in governmental healthcare programs and the loss of various licenses, certificates and authorizations necessary to operate our business, as well as incur additional liabilities from third-party claims. Certain violations of these laws may also provide the basis for a civil remedy under the federal False Claims Act, including fines and damages of up to three times the amount claimed. The qui tam provisions of the federal False Claims Act and similar provisions in certain state false claims acts allow private individuals to bring lawsuits against healthcare companies on behalf of government payers, private payers and/or patients alleging inappropriate billing practices. 
 
 Although we believe that we are in compliance, in all material respects, with applicable laws and regulations, there can be no assurance that a regulatory agency or tribunal would not reach a different conclusion. The federal or state government may bring claims based on our current practices, which we believe are lawful. The federal and state governments have substantial leverage in negotiating settlements since the amount of potential damages and fines far exceeds the rates at which we are reimbursed, and the government has the remedy of excluding a non-compliant provider from participation in the Medicare and Medicaid programs. We believe that federal and state governments continue aggressive enforcement efforts against perceived healthcare fraud. Legislative provisions relating to healthcare fraud and abuse provide government enforcement personnel with substantial funding, powers, penalties and remedies to pursue suspected cases of fraud and abuse. 
 
 We are subject to numerous political, legal, operational and other risks as a result of our international operations which could impact our business in many ways. 
 
 Our international operations increase our exposure to risks inherent in doing business in non-U.S. markets, which may vary by market and include: intellectual property legal protections and remedies; weak legal systems which may, among other things, affect our ability to enforce contractual rights; trade regulations and procedures and actions affecting approval, production, pricing, reimbursement and marketing of services; existing and emerging data privacy regulations affecting the processing and transfer of personal data; and challenges based on differing languages and cultures. International operations also require us to devote management resources to implement our controls and systems in new markets, and to comply with the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act and similar anti-corruption laws in non-U.S. jurisdictions. 
 
 We may be unable to obtain, maintain or enforce our intellectual property rights and may be subject to intellectual property litigation that could adversely impact our business. 
 
 We may be unable to obtain or maintain adequate patent or other proprietary rights for our solutions or services or to successfully enforce our proprietary rights. In addition, we may be subject to intellectual property litigation, and we may be found to infringe on the proprietary rights of others, which could force us to do one or more of the following: 
 
 cease developing, performing or selling solutions or services that incorporate the challenged intellectual property; 
 obtain and pay for licenses from the holder of the infringed intellectual property right; 
 redesign or re-engineer our tests; 
 change our business processes; or 
 pay substantial damages, court costs and attorneys' fees, including potentially increased damages for any infringement held to be willful. 
 
 Adverse results in material litigation could have an adverse financial impact and an adverse impact on our client base and reputation. 
 
 We are involved in various legal proceedings arising in the ordinary course of business including, among other things, disputes as to intellectual property, professional liability and employee-related matters, as well as inquiries from governmental agencies and Medicare or Medicaid carriers. Some proceedings against us involve claims that are substantial in amount and could divert management's attention from operations. These proceedings also may result in substantial monetary damages. 
 
 37 

Table of Contents 

 RISKS RELATED TO OUR INDEBTEDNESS 
 
 Our outstanding debt may impair our financial and operating flexibility. 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, we had approximately 4.0 billion of debt outstanding. Other than credit facilities in the normal course of business, we do not have any off-balance sheet financing arrangements in place or available. Our debt agreements contain various restrictive covenants. These restrictions could limit our ability to use operating cash flow in other areas of our business because we must use a portion of these funds to make principal and interest payments on our debt. We have obtained ratings on our public debt from Standard and Poor's, Moody's Investor Services and Fitch Ratings. There can be no assurance that any rating so assigned will remain for any given period of time or that a rating will not be lowered or withdrawn entirely by a rating agency if in that rating agency's judgment future circumstances relating to the basis of the rating, such as adverse changes in our Company or our industry, so warrant. If such ratings are lowered, our borrowing costs could increase. Changes in our credit ratings, however, do not require repayment or acceleration of any of our debt. 
 
 Borrowings under our unsecured credit facility may be made at interest rates that are based on the London Interbank Offered Rate LIBOR ), which has been a widely used benchmark for establishing interest rates globally, but which is being phased out as a reference rate. While we expect to be able to transition the facility to an alternative reference rate upon the cessation of LIBOR, there is no guarantee that we will be able to do so. Changes in market interest rates may negatively influence our financing costs and the valuation of derivative instruments. 
 
 We or our subsidiaries may incur additional indebtedness in the future. Our ability to make principal and interest payments will depend on our ability to generate cash in the future. If we incur additional debt, a greater portion of our cash flows may be needed to satisfy our debt service obligations and if we do not generate sufficient cash to meet our debt service requirements, we may need to seek additional financing. In that case, it may be more difficult, or we may be unable, to obtain financing on terms that are acceptable to us. As a result, we would be more vulnerable to general adverse economic, industry and capital markets conditions as well as the other risks associated with indebtedness. 

RISKS RELATED TO OUR OPERATIONS 
 
 The development of new technologies (including artificial intelligence technologies) may impact the healthcare industry, and the development of new, more cost-effective solutions that can be performed by our customers or by patients, and the continued internalization of testing by IDNs or clinicians, could negatively impact our testing volume and revenues. 
 
 The diagnostic information services industry is faced with changing technology and new product introductions, including technology that enables more convenient or cost-effective testing. For example, digital pathology is an emerging technology that may change the practice of pathology. Information technology that includes self-learning or "artificial intelligence" features is growing and may impact the healthcare industry. 
 
 Competitors also may offer testing to be performed outside of a commercial clinical laboratory, such as (1) point-of-care testing that can be performed by clinicians in their offices; (2) complex testing that can be performed by IDNs in their own laboratories; and (3) home testing that can be carried out without requiring the services of outside providers. Advances in technology also may lead to the need for less frequent testing. Further, diagnostic tests approved or cleared by the FDA for home use are automatically deemed to be waived tests under CLIA and may be performed by consumers in their homes; test kit manufacturers could seek to increase sales to patients of such test kits. 
 
 Some traditional customers for anatomic pathology services, including specialty physicians that generate biopsies through surgical procedures, such as dermatologists, gastroenterologists, urologists and oncologists, are consolidating, have added in-office histology labs or have retained pathologists to read cases on site. IDNs also are internalizing clinical laboratory testing, including some non-routine and advanced testing. Internalization of testing may reduce demand for services previously referred to outside service providers, such as the Company. 

38 

Table of Contents 

 Hardware and software failures or delays in our information technology systems, including failures resulting from our systems conversions or otherwise, could disrupt our operations and cause the loss of confidential information, customers and business opportunities or otherwise adversely impact our business. 
 
 IT systems are used extensively in virtually all aspects of our business, including clinical testing, test reporting, billing, customer service, logistics and management of medical data. Our success depends, in part, on the continued and uninterrupted performance of our IT systems. A failure or delay in our IT systems could impede our ability to serve our customers and patients and protect their confidential data. Despite redundancy and backup measures and precautions that we have implemented, our IT systems may be vulnerable to damage, disruptions and shutdown from a variety of sources, including telecommunications or network failures, system conversion or standardization initiatives, human acts and natural disasters. These issues can also arise as a result of failures by third parties with whom we do business and over which we have limited control. Any disruption or failure of our IT systems could have a material impact on our ability to serve our customers and patients, including negatively affecting our reputation in the marketplace. 
 
 Our business could be negatively affected if we are unable to continue to strengthen our efficiency. 
 
 It is important that we continue to strengthen our efficiency to promote our competitive position and to enable us to mitigate the impact on our profitability of steps taken by government payers and health insurers to reduce the utilization and reimbursement of diagnostic information services. 
 
 Our business operations and reputation may be materially impaired if we do not comply with privacy laws or information security policies. 
 
 In our business, we collect, generate, process or maintain sensitive information, such as patient data and other personal information. If we do not use or adequately safeguard that information in compliance with applicable requirements under federal, state and international laws, or if it were disclosed to persons or entities that should not have access to it, our business could be materially impaired, our reputation could suffer and we could be subject to fines, penalties and litigation. In the event of a data security breach, we may be subject to notification obligations, litigation and governmental investigation or sanctions, and may suffer reputational damage, which could have an adverse impact on our business. 
 
 We are subject to laws and regulations regarding protecting the security and privacy of certain healthcare and personal information, including: (a) the federal Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act and the regulations thereunder, which establish (i) a complex regulatory framework including requirements for safeguarding protected health information and (ii) comprehensive federal standards regarding the uses and disclosures of protected health information; (b) state laws (e.g., California) and similar laws in other states; and (c) laws outside the U.S., including the European Union's General Data Protection Regulation and similar laws in other jurisdictions. 
 
 Our approach to environmental, social and governance (ESG) matters may not satisfy all our stakeholders. 
 
 We regularly assess opportunities and risks related to environmental, social and governance (ESG) matters. As part of this process, we make decisions related to ESG matters and may set goals and targets related to ESG matters. We have a broad range of stakeholders, including our stockholders, employees, patients and communities we serve, some of whom increasingly focus on ESG matters. In addition, some of our stockholders, employees and patients may consider ESG factors in making investment, employment and service provider decisions. Our ability to achieve the goals we may set related to ESG matters are subject to numerous risks and uncertainties, many of which are outside of our control. Despite our efforts, we may not achieve our ESG goals on the timetable we set or at all. Additionally, certain of our stakeholders may not be satisfied with our decisions related to ESG matters, the goals we set regarding ESG matters, our progress towards these goals or the resulting outcomes. This could lead to negative perceptions of, or loss of support for our business, difficulty recruiting or attracting new employees and our stock price being negatively impacted. 
 
 The IT systems that we rely on may be subject to unauthorized tampering, cyberattack or other security breach. 
 
 Our IT systems have been and are subject to potential cyberattacks, tampering or other security breaches. These attacks, if successful, could result in shutdowns or significant disruptions of our IT systems and/or in unauthorized persons exfiltrating and misappropriating intellectual property and other confidential information, including patient and employee data that we collect, transmit and store on and through our IT systems. 
 
 39 

Table of Contents 

 External actors may develop and deploy viruses, other malicious software programs, ransomware attacks, distributed denial of service attacks or other attempts to harm or obtain unauthorized access to our systems. External actors may also deploy programs targeting our employees which are designed to attack our IT systems or otherwise exploit security vulnerabilities through programs such as electronic spamming, phishing, smishing, spear phishing or similar tactics. As a result of the difficulty in detecting many of these attacks, intrusions and breaches, failures or losses may be repeated or compounded before they are discovered or rectified, which could further increase these costs and consequences. 
 
 Although the Company has robust security measures implemented, which are monitored and routinely tested both by internal resources and external parties, cyber threats against us continue to evolve and may not be recognized until after an incident. In August 2021, ReproSource, our subsidiary, experienced a data security incident in which an unauthorized party may have accessed or acquired protected health information and personally identifiable information of ReproSource patients (in connection with the incident, ReproSource discovered and contained ransomware). The Company s other systems were not impacted or compromised by this incident. Although the attacks we have experienced have not materially disrupted, interrupted, damaged or shutdown the Company's IT systems, or materially disrupted the Company's performance of its business, the mitigation or remediation efforts that we have undertaken, and may undertake in the future, require the attention of management and expenditures of resources, which can be significant. There can be no assurance that the Company can anticipate all evolving future attacks, viruses or intrusions, implement adequate preventative measures, or remediate any security vulnerabilities. If our IT systems are successfully attacked, it could result in major disruption of our business, compromise confidential information, and result in litigation and potential liability for the Company, government investigation, significant damage to our reputation or otherwise adversely affect our business. 
 
 In addition, third parties to whom we outsource certain of our services or functions, or with whom we interface, store or process confidential patient and employee data or other confidential information, as well as those third parties providers, are also subject to the risks outlined above. For example, in June 2019, the Company reported that Retrieval-Masters Creditors Bureau, Inc./American Medical Collection Agency AMCA ), informed the Company about a data security incident involving AMCA. AMCA, which provided debt collection services for a company that provides revenue management services to the Company, informed the Company in May 2019 that AMCA had learned that an unauthorized user had access to AMCA s system during 2018 and 2019. AMCA s affected system included financial, medical and other personal information. The Company s systems or databases were not involved in this incident. A breach or attack affecting third parties with whom we engage could also harm our business, results of operations and reputation and subject us to liability. 
 
 We have taken, and continue to take, precautionary measures to reduce the risk of, and detect and respond to, future cyber threats, and prevent or minimize vulnerabilities in our IT systems, including the loss or theft of intellectual property, patient and employee data or other confidential information that we obtain and store on our systems. We also have taken, and will continue to take, measures to assess the cybersecurity protections used by third parties to whom we outsource certain of our services or functions, or with whom we interface, store or process confidential patient and employee data or other confidential information. In addition, we collaborate with government agencies regarding potential cyber threats and have worked with firms that have cyber security expertise to evaluate our systems and the attacks we experience and strengthen our systems. There can be no assurances that our precautionary measures or measures used by our third party providers will prevent, contain or successfully defend against cyber or information security threats that could have a significant impact on our business, results of operations and reputation and subject us to liability. 
 
 Our ability to attract and retain qualified employees is critical to the success of our business and the failure to do so may materially adversely affect our performance. 
 
 The supply of qualified technical, professional, managerial and other personnel, including cytotechs, phlebotomists and processors, is currently constrained; competition for qualified employees, even across different industries, is intense, including as individuals leave the job market. We may lose, or fail to attract and retain, key management personnel, or qualified skilled technical, professional or other employees. 

40 

Table of Contents 

 Business development activities are inherently risky and integrating our operations with businesses we acquire may be difficult. 
 
 We plan selectively to enhance our business from time to time through business development activities, such as acquisitions, licensing arrangements, investments and alliances. However, these plans are subject to the availability of appropriate opportunities and competition from other companies seeking similar opportunities. Moreover, the success of any such effort may be affected by a number of factors, including our ability to properly assess and value the potential business opportunity, and to integrate it into our business. The success of our strategic alliances depends not only on our contributions and capabilities, but also on the property, resources, efforts and skills contributed by our strategic partners. Further, disputes may arise with strategic partners, due to conflicting priorities or conflicts of interests. 
 
 Acquisitions are not all the same e.g ., asset acquisitions differ from acquisitions of equity interests); different acquisitions offer different risks. Acquisitions may involve the integration of a separate company that has different systems, processes, policies and cultures. Integration of acquisitions involves a number of risks including the diversion of management's attention to the assimilation of the operations of assets or businesses we have acquired, difficulties in the integration of operations and systems and the realization of potential operating synergies, the assimilation and retention of the personnel of the acquired businesses, challenges in retaining the customers of the combined businesses, and potential adverse effects on operating results. The process of combining acquisitions may be disruptive to our businesses and may cause an interruption of, or a loss of momentum in, such businesses as a result of the following difficulties, among others: 
 
 loss of key customers or employees; 
 difficulty in standardizing information and other systems; 
 difficulty in consolidating facilities and infrastructure; 
 failure to maintain the quality or timeliness of services that our Company has historically provided; 
 diversion of management's attention from the day-to-day business of our Company as a result of the need to deal with the foregoing disruptions and difficulties; and 
 the added costs of dealing with such disruptions. 
 
 If we are unable successfully to integrate strategic acquisitions in a timely manner, our business and our growth strategies could be negatively affected. Even if we are able to successfully complete the integration of the operations of other assets or businesses we may acquire in the future, we may not be able to realize all or any of the benefits that we expect to result from such integration, either in monetary terms or in a timely manner. 
 
 Our operations may be adversely impacted by the effects of natural disasters such as hurricanes and earthquakes, public health emergencies and health pandemics, hostilities or acts of terrorism and other criminal activities. 
 
 We operate facilities across the United States, and consumers frequently visit our facilities in person. The ability of our employees and consumers to access our facilities may be adversely impacted by the effects of extreme weather events and natural disasters, such as hurricanes, earthquakes, tropical storms, floods, fires, earthquakes or other extreme weather conditions, including major winter storms, droughts and heat waves, whether as a result of climate change or otherwise; public health emergencies and health pandemics; hostilities or acts of terrorism or other activities. Although we maintain a business continuity program to prepare for and respond to such events, because of their unpredictable nature, these events may limit or interrupt our ability to conduct operations. Additionally, such events may interrupt our ability to transport specimens, to receive materials from our suppliers or otherwise to provide our services. These events also may result in a decline in the number of patients who seek clinical testing services or in our employees' ability to perform their job duties. 
 
 The COVID-19 pandemic or any future pandemic may negatively affect us, including through its impact on the labor force and supply chain. 
 
 A pandemic caused by a novel strain of coronavirus (COVID-19) has severely impacted the economy of the United States and other countries around the world, including affecting labor supply and causing supply chain disruptions. While certain of the economic impacts of the COVID-19 pandemic have eased and many COVID-19 related restrictions have been lifted or relaxed as a result of progress in COVID-19 vaccination, testing and treatment, a rise in infection rates, the emergence of new COVID-19 variants or any future pandemic could result in, among other things, a reduction in physician office visits and diagnostic testing volume, the cancellation of elective medical procedures, or customers closing or curtailing their operations, as well as increased unemployment and loss of health insurance. We may also experience labor shortages and supply chain disruptions, including shortages, delays and price increases in testing equipment and supplies, as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic or any future pandemic. A number of suppliers and manufacturers we rely upon have experienced, and may continue to experience, disruptions and delays stemming from raw material and labor shortages, supply challenges and 
 41 

Table of Contents 

 significant disruptions in transport and logistics services due to facility closures, labor constraints and other challenges. These challenges may affect our ability to transport specimens, receive equipment, supplies or materials, or otherwise provide our services in a timely manner or at a reasonable price. In addition, labor shortages may affect our ability to achieve our staffing or productivity goals. These conditions may continue or deteriorate in the future, including in the event of a future pandemic outbreak. 
 
 The extent to which we may be impacted by the COVID-19 pandemic or any future pandemic will depend on many factors beyond our knowledge or control. These factors include: the timing, extent, trajectory and duration of any pandemic; increases in COVID-19 infection rates and the geographic location of such increases; the development, availability, distribution and effectiveness of vaccines and treatments; the imposition of protective public safety measures; and the impact of any pandemic on supply chain and the global economy. To the extent the COVID-19 pandemic or any future pandemic adversely affects our business, results of operations and financial condition, it may also have the effect of heightening other risks described in this Report. 
 
 Inflationary pressures could adversely impact us because of increases in the costs of materials, supplies and services, and increased labor and people-related expenses. 
 
 Inflationary pressures have resulted in increases in the costs of the testing equipment, supplies and other goods and services that we purchase from manufacturers, suppliers and others. Inflationary pressures, along with the competition for labor, have also resulted in a rise of our labor costs, which include the costs of compensation, benefits, and recruiting and training new hires. Our ability to raise the prices and fees we charge for the services we provide is limited. Continuation of the current inflationary environment may adversely impact us. 

CAUTIONARY FACTORS THAT MAY AFFECT FUTURE RESULTS 
 
 Some statements and disclosures in this document are forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements include all statements that do not relate solely to historical or current facts and can be identified by the use of words such as may, believe, will, expect, project, estimate, anticipate, plan or continue. These forward-looking statements are based on our current plans and expectations and are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties that could cause our plans and expectations, including actual results, to differ materially from the forward-looking statements. Investors are cautioned not to unduly rely on such forward-looking statements when evaluating the information presented in this document. The following important factors could cause our actual financial results to differ materially from those projected, forecasted or estimated by us in forward-looking statements: 
 
 (a) Heightened competition from commercial clinical testing companies, IDNs, physicians and others. 
 (b) Increased pricing pressure from customers, including payers and patients, and changing relationships with customers, payers, suppliers or strategic partners. 
 (c) A decline in economic conditions, including the impact of an inflationary environment. 
 (d) Impact of changes in payment mix, including increased patient financial responsibility and any shift from fee-for-service to discounted, capitated or bundled fee arrangements. 
 (e) Adverse actions by government or other third-party payers, including healthcare reform that focuses on reducing healthcare costs but does not recognize the value and importance to healthcare of clinical testing or innovative solutions, unilateral reduction of fee schedules payable to us, unilateral recoupment of amounts allegedly owed and competitive bidding. 
 (f) The impact upon our testing volume and collected revenue or general or administrative expenses resulting from compliance with policies and requirements imposed by Medicare, Medicaid and other third-party payers. These include: 
 (1) the requirements of government and other payers to provide diagnosis codes and other information for many tests; 
 (2) inability to obtain from patients a valid advance consent form for tests that cannot be billed without prior receipt of the form; 
 (3) the impact of additional or expanded limited coverage policies and limits on the allowable number of test units or ordering frequency of same; and 
 (4) the impact of increased prior authorization programs. 
 (g) Adverse results from pending or future government investigations, lawsuits or private actions. These include, in particular, monetary damages, loss or suspension of licenses, and/or suspension or exclusion from the Medicare and Medicaid programs and/or criminal penalties. 
 42 

Table of Contents 

 (h) Failure to efficiently integrate acquired businesses and to manage the costs related to any such integration, or to retain key technical, professional or management personnel. 
 (i) Denial, suspension or revocation of CLIA certification or other licenses for any of our clinical laboratories under the CLIA standards, revocation or suspension of the right to bill the Medicare and Medicaid programs or other adverse regulatory actions by federal, state and local agencies. 
 (j) Changes in and complexity of federal, state or local laws or regulations, including changes that result in new or increased federal or state regulation of commercial clinical laboratories, tests developed by commercial clinical laboratories or other products or services that we offer or activities in which we are engaged, including regulation by the FDA. 
 (k) Inability to achieve expected benefits from our acquisitions of other businesses. 
 (l) Inability to achieve additional benefits from our business performance tools and efficiency initiatives. 
 (m) Adverse publicity and news coverage about the diagnostic information services industry or us. 
 (n) Failure of the Company to maintain, defend and secure its financial, accounting, technology, customer data and other operational systems from cyberattacks, IT system outages, telecommunications failures, malicious human acts and failure of the systems of third parties upon which the Company relies. 
 (o) Development of technologies that substantially alter the practice of clinical testing, including technology changes that lead to the development of more convenient or cost-effective testing, or testing to be performed outside of a commercial clinical laboratory, such as (1) point-of-care testing that can be performed by physicians in their offices, (2) advanced testing that can be performed by IDNs in their own laboratories or (3) home testing that can be carried out without requiring the services of clinical laboratories. 
 (p) Negative developments regarding intellectual property and other property rights that could prevent, limit or interfere with our ability to develop, perform or sell our tests or operate our business. These include: 
 (1) issuance of patents or other property rights to our competitors or others; and 
 (2) inability to obtain or maintain adequate patent or other proprietary rights for our products and services or to successfully enforce our proprietary rights. 
 (q) Development of tests by our competitors or others which we may not be able to license, or usage (or theft) of our technology or similar technologies or our trade secrets or other intellectual property by competitors, any of which could negatively affect our competitive position. 
 (r) Regulatory delay or inability to commercialize newly developed or licensed tests or technologies or to obtain appropriate reimbursements for such tests. 
 (s) The complexity of billing and revenue recognition for clinical laboratory testing. 
 (t) Increases in interest rates and negative changes in our credit ratings from Standard Poor's, Moody's Investor Services or Fitch Ratings causing an unfavorable impact on our cost of or access to capital. 
 (u) Inability to hire or retain qualified employees, including key senior management personnel. 
 (v) Terrorist and other criminal activities, hurricanes, earthquakes or other natural disasters, and public health emergencies and health pandemics, which could affect our customers or suppliers, transportation or systems, or our facilities, and for which insurance may not adequately reimburse us. 
 (w) Difficulties and uncertainties in the discovery, development, regulatory environment and/or marketing of new services or solutions or new uses of existing tests. 
 (x) Failure to adapt to changes in the healthcare system (including the medical laboratory testing market) and healthcare delivery, including those stemming from PAMA, trends in utilization of the healthcare system and increased patient financial responsibility for services. 
 (y) Results and consequences of governmental inquiries. 
 (z) Difficulty in implementing, or lack of success with, our strategic plan. 
 (aa) The impact of healthcare data analysis on our industry and the ability of our Company to adapt to that impact. 
 (bb) Failure to adequately operationalize appropriate controls around use of our data, including risk of non-compliance with privacy law requirements. 
 (cc) The COVID-19 pandemic. 

Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 
 
 There are no unresolved SEC comments that require disclosure. 

Item 2. Properties 
 
 Our executive offices are located at 500 Plaza Drive, Secaucus, New Jersey. We maintain clinical testing laboratories throughout the continental United States; in several instances a joint venture of which we are a partner maintains the laboratory. We also maintain offices, data centers, call centers, distribution centers and patient service centers at locations throughout the 
 43 

Table of Contents 

 United States. In addition, we maintain offices, patient service centers and clinical laboratories in locations outside the United States, including in Finland, Puerto Rico and Mexico. Our properties that are not owned are leased on terms and for durations that are reflective of commercial standards in the communities where these properties are located. We believe that, in general, our facilities are suitable and adequate for our current and anticipated future levels of operation and are adequately maintained. We believe that if we were unable to renew a lease on any of our facilities, we could find alternative space at competitive market rates and relocate our operations to such new location without material disruption to our business. Several of our principal facilities are highlighted below. 
 
 Location Leased or Owned 3600 Northgate Blvd., Sacramento, California 95834 (laboratory) 
 Leased 8401 Fallbrook Avenue, West Hills, California 91304 (laboratory) 
 Leased 33608 Ortega Hwy., San Juan Capistrano, California 92675 (laboratory) 
 Owned 4151C East Fowler Avenue, Tampa, Florida 33617 (laboratory) 
 Owned 1777 Montreal Circle, Tucker, Georgia 30084-6802 (laboratory) 
 Owned 506 E State Parkway, Schaumburg, Illinois 60173 (laboratory) 
 Owned 1355 Mittle Blvd., Wood Dale, Illinois 60191 (laboratory) 
 Leased 200 Forest Street, Marlborough, Massachusetts 01752 (laboratories) 
 Leased 800 Business Center Drive, Horsham, Pennsylvania 19044 (laboratory) 
 Leased 4770 Regent Blvd., Irving, Texas 75063 (laboratory) 
 Leased 14225 Newbrook Drive, Chantilly, Virginia 22021 (laboratory) 
 Leased 10101 Renner Blvd., Lenexa, Kansas 66219 (laboratory) 
 Owned 4380 Federal Drive, Greensboro, North Carolina 27410 (laboratory) 
 Leased 2501 South State Hwy 121, Lewisville, Texas 75067 (laboratory) 
 Leased 6700 Euclid Avenue, Cleveland, Ohio 44103 (laboratory) 
 Leased One Insights Drive, Clifton, NJ 07012 (laboratory) Owned 

Item 3. Legal Proceedings 
 
 See Note 19 to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Part II, Item 8 of th is Report) for information regarding legal proceedings in which we are involved. 

Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 
 
 Not applicable. 
 
 44 

Table of Contents 

 PART II 

Item 5. Market for Registrant's Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 
 Our common stock is listed and traded on the New York Stock Exchange under the symbol DGX. As of February 1, 2023, we had approximately 2,225 record holders of our common stock; we believe that the number of beneficial holders of our common stock exceeds the number of record holders. 
 
 The table below sets forth the information with respect to purchases made by or on behalf of the Company of its common stock during the fourth quarter of 2022. 
 
 ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES Period Total Number of Shares Purchased Average Price Paid per Share Total Number of Shares Purchased as Part of Publicly Announced Plans or Programs Approximate 
 Dollar Value of 
 Shares that May 
 Yet Be Purchased 
 Under the Plans 
 or Programs 
 (in thousands) 
 October 1, 2022 October 31, 2022 Share Repurchase Program (A) 457,049 142.22 457,049 680,909 Employee Transactions (B) N/A N/A November 1, 2022 November 30, 2022 Share Repurchase Program (A) 1,332,783 147.01 1,332,783 484,973 Employee Transactions (B) 691 145.44 N/A N/A December 1, 2022 December 31, 2022 Share Repurchase Program (A) 1,151,247 151.20 1,151,247 310,909 Employee Transactions (B) N/A N/A Total Share Repurchase Program (A) 2,941,079 147.90 2,941,079 310,909 Employee Transactions (B) 691 145.44 N/A N/A 
 
 (A) In February 2022, our Board of Directors increased the size of our share repurchase program by 1 billion. As of December 31, 2022, billion remained available under our share repurchase authorization. In February 2023, we announced that our Board of Directors authorized us to repurchase an additional billion of our common stock. Since the share repurchase program's inception in May 2003, our Board of Directors has authorized 13 billion of share repurchases of our common stock, including the 1 billion increase in February 2023. The share repurchase authorization has no set expiration or termination date. 
 
 (B) Includes: (1) shares delivered or attested to in satisfaction of the exercise price and/or tax withholding obligations by holders of stock options (granted under the Company's Amended and Restated Employee Long-Term Incentive Plan) who exercised options; and (2) shares withheld (under the terms of grants under the Amended and Restated Employee Long-Term Incentive Plan) to offset tax withholding obligations that occur upon the delivery of outstanding common shares underlying restricted share units and performance share units. 
 45 

Table of Contents 

Performance Graph 
 
 Set forth below is a line graph comparing the cumulative total shareholder return on Quest Diagnostics' common stock since December 31, 2017 based on the market price of the Company's common stock and assuming reinvestment of dividends, with the cumulative total shareholder return of companies on the Standard Poor's (S P) 500 Stock Index and the S P 500 Health Care (Sector) Index. 

Closing DGX Price Total Shareholder Return Performance Graph Values Date DGX S P 500 S P 500 Health Care (Sector) DGX S P 500 S P 500 Health Care (Sector) 12/31/2018 83.27 (13.84) (4.38) 6.47 86.16 95.62 106.47 12/31/2019 106.79 31.15 31.49 20.82 113.00 125.72 128.64 12/31/2020 119.17 14.04 18.40 13.45 128.86 148.85 145.93 12/31/2021 173.01 47.86 28.71 26.13 190.52 191.58 184.07 12/30/2022 156.44 (7.79) (18.13) (1.95) 175.68 156.85 180.47 

Item 6 [Reserved] 

Item 7. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 
 See page 58 . 

46 

Table of Contents 

 Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 
 See Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. 

Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 
 See Item 15(a)1 and Item 15(a)2. 

Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 
 None. 

Item 9A. Controls and Procedures 
 
 Conclusion Regarding Effectiveness of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
 
 Under the supervision and with the participation of our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and our Chief Financial Officer, we have evaluated the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined under Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended). Based upon that evaluation, our Chief Executive Officer and our Chief Financial Officer concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were effective as of the end of the period covered by this annual report. 
 
 Report of Management on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 See page 74 . 

Changes in Internal Control 
 
 During the fourth quarter of 2022, there were no changes in our internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Rule 13a-15(f) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended) that materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 

Item 9B. Other Information 
 
 During February 2023, the Company announced that its Board of Directors increased the Company's share repurchase authorization by 1 billion. The increased authority is in addition to the 0.3 billion that was available as of December 31, 2022 under the Company's share repurchase program. 

Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 
 Not applicable. 
 
 47 

Table of Contents 

 PART III 

Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 
 Our Code of Ethics applies to all employees, executive officers and directors, including our Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer and Corporate Controller. You can find our Code of Ethics on our corporate governance website, www.QuestDiagnostics.com/investor. We will post any amendments to the Code of Ethics, and any waivers that are required to be disclosed by the rules of either the SEC or the New York Stock Exchange, on our website. 
 
 Information regarding the Company's executive officers is contained in Part I, Item 1 of this Report under Information about our Executive Officers. Information regarding the directors and executive off icers of the Company appearing in our Proxy Statement to be filed by April 30, 2023 Proxy Statement under the captions Proposal No. 1 - Election of Directors, Director Independence, Board Committees and "Delinquent Section 16(a) Reports" is incorporated by reference herein. 

Item 11. Executive Compensation 
 
 Information appearing in our Proxy Statement under the captions 2022 Director Compensation Table, Compensation Discussion and Analysis, Information Regarding Executive Compensation (excluding the information under the subheading "Pay Versus Performance") and Compensation Committee Report is incorporated by reference herein. 

Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholders' Matters 
 
 Information regarding security ownership of certain beneficial owners and management appearing in our Proxy Statement under the captions Stock Ownership Information and "Equity Compensation Plan Information" is incorporated by reference herein. 

Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 
 Information regarding certain relationships and related transactions appearing in our Proxy Statement under the captions Related Person Transactions and Director Independence is incorporated by reference herein. 

Item 14. Principal Accounting Fees and Services 
 
 Information regarding principal accountant fees and services appearing in our Proxy Statement under the caption Audit" (excluding the information under the subheading Audit and Finance Committee Report is incorporated by reference herein. 
 
 48 

Table of Contents 

 PART IV 

Item 15. Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules 
 
 (a) Documents filed as part of this Report. 
 
 1. Index to financial statements and supplementary data filed as part of this Report. 
 Item Page Financial Statements Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID 
 F- 1 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets 
 F- 3 
 Consolidated Statements of Operations 
 F- 4 
 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income 
 F- 5 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
 F- 6 
 Consolidated Statements of Stockholders' Equity 
 F- 7 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 F- 8 

3. Exhibits 
 
 Exhibit 
 Number 
 Description 3.1 Restated Certificate of Incorporation (filed as an Exhibit to the Company's quarterly report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2022 and incorporated herein by reference) (Commission File Number 001-12215) 
 3.2 Amended and Restated By-Laws of the Company, as amended November 14, 2022 (filed as an Exhibit to the Company's current report on Form 8-K (Date of Report: November 14, 2022) and incorporated herein by reference) (Commission File Number 001-12215) 
 4.1 Form of 6.95 Senior Note due 2037 (filed as an Exhibit to the Company's current report on Form 8-K (Date of Report: June 19, 2007) and incorporated herein by reference) (Commission File Number 001-12215) 
 4.2 Form of 5.750 Senior Note due 2040 (filed as an Exhibit to the Company's current report on Form 8-K (Date of Report: November 17, 2009) and incorporated herein by reference) (Commission File Number 001-12215) 
 4.3 Form of 4.250 Senior Note due 2024 (filed as an Exhibit to the Company's current report on Form 8-K (Date of Report: March 12, 2014) and incorporated herein by reference) (Commission File Number 001-12215) 
 4.4 Form of 3.500 Senior Note due 2025 (filed as an Exhibit to the Company's current report on Form 8-K (Date of Report: March 5, 2015) and incorporated herein by reference) (Commission File Number 001-12215) 
 4.5 Form of 4.700 Senior Note due 2045 (filed as an Exhibit to the Company's current report on Form 8-K (Date of Report: March 5, 2015) and incorporated herein by reference) (Commission File Number 001-12215) 
 4.6 Form of 3.450 Senior Note due 2026 (filed as an Exhibit to the Company s current report on Form 8-K (Date of Report: May 23, 2016) and incorporated herein by reference) (Commission File Number 001-12215) 
 4.7 Form of 4.200 Senior Note due 2029 (filed as an Exhibit to the Company s current report on Form 8-K (Date of Report: March 7, 2019) and incorporated herein by reference) (Commission File Number 001-12215) 
 4.8 Form of 2.950 Senior Note due 2030 (filed as an Exhibit to the Company s current report on Form 8-K (Date of Report: December 9, 2019) and incorporated herein by reference) (Commission File Number 001-12215) 
 
 49 

Table of Contents 

 4.9 Form of 2.800 Senior Note due 2031 (filed as an Exhibit to the Company s current report on Form 8-K (Date of Report: May 11, 2020) and incorporated herein by reference) (Commission File Number 001-12215) 
 4.10 Indenture dated as of June 27, 2001, among the Company, the Subsidiary Guarantors, and The Bank of New York (filed as an Exhibit to the Company's current report on Form 8-K (Date of Report: June 27, 2001) and incorporated herein by reference) (Commission File Number 001-12215) 
 4.11 First Supplemental Indenture, dated as of June 27, 2001, among the Company, the Initial Subsidiary Guarantors, and The Bank of New York (filed as an Exhibit to the Company's current report on Form 8-K (Date of Report: June 27, 2001) and incorporated herein by reference) (Commission File Number 001-12215) 
 4.12 Second Supplemental Indenture, dated as of November 26, 2001, among the Company, the Subsidiary Guarantors, and The Bank of New York (filed as an Exhibit to the Company's current report on Form 8-K (Date of Report: November 26, 2001) and incorporated herein by reference) (Commission File Number 001-12215) 
 4.13 Third Supplemental Indenture, dated as of April 4, 2002, among the Company, the Additional Subsidiary Guarantors, and The Bank of New York (filed as an Exhibit to the Company's current report on Form 8-K (Date of Report: April 1, 2002) and incorporated herein by reference) (Commission File Number 001-12215) 
 4.14 Fourth Supplemental Indenture dated as of March 19, 2003, among Unilab Corporation (f/k/a Quest Diagnostics Newco Incorporated), the Company, The Bank of New York, and the Additional Subsidiary Guarantors (filed as an Exhibit to the Company's quarterly report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2003 and incorporated herein by reference) (Commission File Number 001-12215) 
 4.15 Fifth Supplemental Indenture dated as of April 16, 2004, among Unilab Acquisition Corporation (d/b/a FNA Clinics of America), the Company, The Bank of New York, and the Additional Subsidiary Guarantors (filed as an Exhibit to the Company's quarterly report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2004 and incorporated herein by reference) (Commission File Number 001-12215) 
 4.16 Sixth Supplemental Indenture dated as of October 31, 2005, among the Company, The Bank of New York, and the Subsidiary Guarantors (filed as an Exhibit to the Company's current report on Form 8-K (Date of Report: October 31, 2005) and incorporated herein by reference) (Commission File Number 001-12215) 
 4.17 Seventh Supplemental Indenture dated as of November 21, 2005, among the Company, The Bank of New York, and the Additional Subsidiary Guarantors (filed as an Exhibit to the Company's current report on Form 8-K (Date of Report: November 21, 2005) and incorporated herein by reference) (Commission File Number 001-12215) 
 4.18 Eighth Supplemental Indenture dated as of July 31, 2006, among the Company, The Bank of New York, and the Additional Subsidiary Guarantors (filed as an Exhibit to the Company's current report on Form 8-K (Date of Report: July 31, 2006) and incorporated herein by reference) (Commission File Number 001-12215) 
 4.19 Ninth Supplemental Indenture dated as of September 30, 2006, among the Company, The Bank of New York, and the Additional Subsidiary Guarantors (filed as an Exhibit to the Company's current report on Form 8-K (Date of Report: September 30, 2006) and incorporated herein by reference) (Commission File Number 001-12215) 
 4.20 Tenth Supplemental Indenture dated as of June 22, 2007, among the Company, The Bank of New York, and the Subsidiary Guarantors (filed as an Exhibit to the Company's current report on Form 8-K (Date of Report: June 19, 2007) and incorporated herein by reference) (Commission File Number 001-12215) 
 4.21 Eleventh Supplemental Indenture dated as of June 22, 2007, among the Company, The Bank of New York, and the Additional Subsidiary Guarantors (filed as an Exhibit to the Company's current report on Form 8-K (Date of Report: June 19, 2007) and incorporated herein by reference) (Commission File Number 001-12215) 
 
 50 

Table of Contents 

 4.22 Twelfth Supplemental Indenture dated as of June 25, 2007, among the Company, The Bank of New York, and the Additional Subsidiary Guarantors (filed as an Exhibit to the Company's current report on Form 8-K (Date of Report: June 19, 2007) and incorporated herein by reference) (Commission File Number 001-12215) 
 4.23 Thirteenth Supplemental Indenture dated as of November 17, 2009, among the Company, The Bank of New York Mellon, and the Subsidiary Guarantors (filed as an Exhibit to the Company's current report on Form 8-K (Date of Report: November 17, 2009) and incorporated herein by reference) (Commission File Number 001-12215) 
 4.24 Fourteenth Supplemental Indenture dated as of March 24, 2011, among the Company, The Bank of New York Mellon, and the Subsidiary Guarantors (filed as an Exhibit to the Company's current report on Form 8-K (Date of Report: March 21, 2011) and incorporated herein by reference) (Commission File Number 001-12215) 
 4.25 Fifteenth Supplemental Indenture dated as of November 30, 2011, among the Company, The Bank of New York Mellon, and the Additional Subsidiary Guarantors (filed as an Exhibit to the Company's 2011 annual report on Form 10-K and incorporated herein by reference) (Commission File Number 001-12215) 
 4.26 Sixteenth Supplemental Indenture dated as of March 17, 2014, between the Company and The Bank of New York Mellon (filed as an Exhibit to the Company's current report on Form 8-K (Date of Report: March 12, 2014) and incorporated herein by reference) (Commission File Number 001-12215) 
 4.27 Seventeenth Supplemental Indenture dated as of March 10, 2015, between the Company and The Bank of New York Mellon (filed as an Exhibit to the Company s current report on Form 8-K (Date of Report: March 5, 2015) and incorporated herein by reference) (Commission File Number 001-12215) 
 4.28 Eighteenth Supplemental Indenture dated as of May 26, 2016, between the Company and The Bank of New York Mellon (filed as an Exhibit to the Company s current report on Form 8-K (Date of Report: May 23, 2016) and incorporated herein by reference) (Commission File Number 001-12215) 
 4.29 Nineteenth Supplemental Indenture dated as of March 12 2019, between the Company and The Bank of New York Mellon (filed as an Exhibit to the Company s current report on Form 8-K (Date of Report: March 7, 2019) and incorporated herein by reference) (Commission File Number 001-12215) 
 4.30 Twentieth Supplemental Indenture dated as of December 16, 2019, between the Company and The Bank of New York Mellon (filed as an Exhibit to the Company s current report on Form 8-K (Date of Report: December 16, 2019) and incorporated herein by reference) (Commission File Number 001-12215) 
 4.31 Twenty-First Supplemental Indenture dated as of May 13, 2020, between the Company and The Bank of New York Mellon (filed as an Exhibit to the Company s current report on Form 8-K (Date of Report: May 11, 2020) and incorporated herein by reference) (Commission File Number 001-12215) 
 4.32 Description of Securities 
 10.1 Amended and Restated Employee Stock Purchase Plan, as amended, effective February 18, 2019 (filed as an Exhibit to the Company's quarterly report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2019 and incorporated herein by reference) (Commission File Number 001-12215) 
 10.2 Amended and Restated Quest Diagnostics Incorporated Employee Long-Term Incentive Plan as amended May 14, 2019 (filed as an Exhibit to the Company's quarterly report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2019 and incorporated herein by reference) (Commission File Number 001-12215) 
 10.3 Form of Equity Award Agreement dated as of February ___, 2021 (filed as an Exhibit to the Company s quarterly report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2021 and incorporated herein by reference) (Commission File Number 001-12215) 
 
 51 

Table of Contents 

 10.4 Quest Diagnostics Supplemental Deferred Compensation Plan (Post 2004) amended and restated as of December 1, 2020 (filed as an Exhibit to the Company s quarterly report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ending September 30, 2021 and incorporated herein by reference) (Commission File Number 001-12215) 
 10.5 Amendment No. 1 to Quest Diagnostics Supplemental Deferred Compensation Plan (Post 2004) (as amended and restated December 1, 2020), dated as of November 29, 2022. 
 10.6 Quest Diagnostics Supplemental Deferred Compensation Plan (Pre-2005) amended and restated December 1, 2020 (filed as an Exhibit to the Company s 2020 annual report on Form 10-K and incorporated herein by reference) (Commission File Number 001-12215) 
 10.7 Quest Diagnostics Incorporated Senior Management Incentive Plan, as amended and restated February 18, 2019 (filed as an Exhibit to the Company's quarterly report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2019 and incorporated herein by reference) (Commission File Number 001-12215) 
 10.8 Amended and Restated Quest Diagnostics Incorporated Executive Officer Severance Plan, as amended November 16, 2022 (filed as an Exhibit to the Company's current report on Form 8-K (Date of Report: November 14, 2022) and incorporated herein by reference) (Commission File Number 001-12215) 
 10.9 The Quest Diagnostics Incorporated Profit Sharing Plan (Amendment and Restatement, effective as of August 15, 2021) (filed as an Exhibit to the Company s quarterly report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ending September 30, 2021 and incorporated herein by reference) (Commission File Number 001-12215) 
 10.10 Amendment No. 1 To the Quest Diagnostics Profit Sharing Plan (as amended and restated effective August 15, 2021) dated as of December 5, 2022. 
 10.11 Quest Diagnostics Incorporated Amended and Restated Deferred Compensation Plan For Directors as amended effective February 18, 2020 (filed as an Exhibit to the Company s 2019 annual report on Form 10-K and incorporated herein by reference) (Commission File Number 001-12215) 
 10.12 Amended and Restated Quest Diagnostics Incorporated Long-Term Incentive Plan for Non-Employee Directors, as amended and restated as of November 18, 2020 (filed as an Exhibit to the Company s 2020 annual report on Form 10-K and incorporated herein by reference) (Commission File Number 001-12215) 
 10.13 Form of Non-Employee Director Equity Award Agreement (filed as an Exhibit to the Company's 2011 annual report on Form 10-K and incorporated herein by reference) (Commission File Number 001-12215) 
 10.14 Form of Non-Employee Director Equity Award Agreement dated May 15, 2015 (filed as an Exhibit to the Company s 2015 annual report on Form 10-K and incorporated herein by reference) (Commission File Number 001-12215) 
 10.15 Form of Non-Employee Director Elective Option Award Agreement (filed as an Exhibit to the Company's 2011 annual report on Form 10-K and incorporated herein by reference) (Commission File Number 001-12215) 
 10.16 Employment Agreement between Stephen H. Rusckowski and Quest Diagnostics Incorporated, dated April 3, 2012 (filed as an Exhibit to the Company's current report on Form 8-K (Date of Report: April 9, 2012) and incorporated herein by reference) (Commission File Number 001-12215) 
 10.17 Amendment to Employment Agreement between Stephen H. Rusckowski and Quest Diagnostics Incorporated, dated June 11, 2015 (filed as an Exhibit to the Company s current report on Form 8-K (Date of Report: June 11, 2015) and incorporated herein by reference) (Commission File Number 001-12215) 
 
 52 

Table of Contents 

 10.18 Aircraft Timesharing Agreement dated as of December 17, 2013 between Quest Diagnostics Incorporated and Stephen H. Rusckowski (filed as an Exhibit to the Company s 2013 annual report on Form 10-K and incorporated herein by reference) (Commission File Number 001-12215) 
 10.19 Assignment and Amendment No. 1 to Aircraft Timesharing Agreement dated as of May 29, 2019 between Quest Diagnostics Incorporated and Stephen H. Rusckowski (filed as an Exhibit to the Company s quarterly report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2019 and incorporated herein by reference) (Commission File Number 001-12215) 
 10.20 Aircraft Time Sharing Agreement dated as of February 16, 2023 between Quest Diagnostics Incorporated and James E. Davis 
 21.1 Subsidiaries of Quest Diagnostics Incorporated 
 22 Subsidiary Guarantors of Securities 
 23.1 Consent of PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP 
 24.1 Power of Attorney (included on signature page) 
 31.1 Rule 13a-14(a) Certification of Chief Executive Officer 
 31.2 Rule 13a-14(a) Certification of Chief Financial Officer 
 32.1 Section 1350 Certification of Chief Executive Officer 
 32.2 Section 1350 Certification of Chief Financial Officer 
 99.1 Fourth Amended and Restated Receivables Sale Agreement, dated as of October 28, 2015, between Quest Diagnostics Incorporated and the subsidiaries party thereto from time to time, as Sellers, and Quest Diagnostics Receivables Inc., as Buyer (filed as an Exhibit to the Company s current report on Form 8-K (Date of Report: May 4, 2020) and incorporated herein by reference) (Commission File Number 001-12215) 
 99.2 Amendment No. 1 to Fourth Amended and Restated Receivables Sale Agreement, dated October 25, 2019 (filed as an Exhibit to the Company s current report on Form 8-K (Date of Report: May 4, 2020) and incorporated herein by reference) (Commission File Number 001-12215) 
 99.3 Sixth Amended and Restated Credit and Security Agreement, dated as of October 27, 2017 among Quest Diagnostics Receivables Inc., as Borrower, Quest Diagnostics Incorporated, as Initial Servicer, MUFG Bank, Ltd. (formerly known as The Bank of Tokyo Mitsubishi UFJ, Ltd.), as Administrative Agent, the Lenders party thereto, the financial institutions party thereto as agents for the conduit lenders (filed as an Exhibit to the Company s current report on Form 8-K (Date of Report: May 4, 2020) and incorporated herein by reference) (Commission File Number 001-12215) 
 99.4 Amendment No. 1 to Sixth Amended and Restated Credit and Security Agreement, dated as of October 26, 2018 (filed as an Exhibit to the Company s current report on Form 8-K (Date of Report: May 4, 2020) and incorporated herein by reference) (Commission File Number 001-12215) 
 99.5 Amendment No. 2 to Sixth Amended and Restated Credit and Security Agreement, dated as of June 14, 2019 (filed as an Exhibit to the Company s current report on Form 8-K (Date of Report: May 4, 2020) and incorporated herein by reference) (Commission File Number 001-12215) 
 
 53 

Table of Contents 

 99.6 Amendment No. 3 to Sixth Amended and Restated Credit and Security Agreement, dated as of October 25, 2019 (filed as an Exhibit to the Company s current report on Form 8-K (Date of Report: May 4, 2020) and incorporated herein by reference) (Commission File Number 001-12215) 
 99.7 Amendment No. 4 to Sixth Amended and Restated Credit and Security Agreement, dated as of October 22, 2020 (filed as an Exhibit to the Company's 2020 annual report of Form 10-K and incorporated herein by reference) (Commission File Number 001-12215) 
 99.8 Amendment No. 5 to Sixth Amended and Restated Credit and Security Agreement, dated as of August 13, 2021 (filed as an Exhibit to the Company s quarterly report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2021 and incorporated herein by reference) (Commission File Number 001-12215) 
 99.9 Amendment No. 6 to Sixth Amended and Restated Credit and Security Agreement, dated as of October 21, 2021 (filed as an Exhibit to the Company's 2021 annual report on Form 10-K and incorporated herein by reference) (Commission File Number 001-12215) 
 99.10 Amendment No. 7 to Sixth Amended and Restated Credit and Security Agreement, dated as of October 20, 2022 
 99.11 Amendment and Restatement Agreement, dated as of November 23, 2021, relating to the Second Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, dated as of March 22, 2018, among Quest Diagnostics Incorporated, as Borrower, the lenders party thereto, JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as Administrative Agent, and other agents party thereto and which includes, as Exhibit A, the Third Restated Credit Agreement (filed as an Exhibit to the Company's 2021 annual report on Form 10-k and incorporated herein by reference) (Commission File Number 001-12215 
 99.12 Group Joinder Agreement, among Reprosource Fertility Diagnostics, Inc., Blueprint Genetics, Inc., and Mid America Clinical Laboratories, LLC, dated as of August 13, 2021, related to the Fourth Amended and Restated Receivables Sales Agreement, dated October 28, 2015, among Quest Diagnostics Incorporated and certain of its subsidiaries 
 101.INS Inline XBRL Instance Document - the instance document does not appear in the Interactive Data File because its XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document 101.SCH Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document - dgx-20221231.xsd 101.CAL Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document - dgx-20221231_cal.xml 101.DEF Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document - dgx-20221231_def.xml 101.LAB Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document - dgx-20221231_lab.xml 101.PRE Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document - dgx-20221231_pre.xml 104 The cover page from this annual report on Form 10-K, formatted in Inline XBRL. Filed herewith. Furnished herewith. Management contract or compensatory plan or arrangement required to be filed as an Exhibit to this Form 10-K pursuant to Item 15(b) of Form 10-K. 
 
 54 

Table of Contents 

 (b) Exhibits filed as part of this Report. 
 
 The exhibit index in (a) above is incorporated herein by reference. 
 
 (c) None. 

Item 16. Form 10-K Summary 
 
 None. 
 55 

Table of Contents 

Signatures 
 
 Pursuant to the requirements of Sections 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized, on February 21, 2023. 
 QUEST DIAGNOSTICS INCORPORATED (Registrant) By: /s/ James E. Davis James E. Davis Chief Executive Officer and President 
 
 Each individual whose signature appears below constitutes and appoints Michael E. Prevoznik and William J. O'Shaughnessy, Jr., and each of them singly, his or her true and lawful attorneys-in-fact and agents with full power of substitution, for him or her and in his or her name, place and stead, in any and all capacities, to sign any and all amendments to this Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission, granting unto said attorneys-in-fact and agents, and each of them, full power and authority to do and perform each and every act and thing requisite and necessary to be done in and about the premises, as fully to all intents and purposes as he or she might or could do in person, hereby ratifying and confirming all the said attorneys-in-fact and agents or any of them or their or his or her substitute or substitutes, may lawfully do or cause to be done by virtue hereof. 
 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the Registrant and in the capacities indicated on February 21, 2023. 
 56 

Table of Contents 

 Signature Capacity /s/James E. Davis 
 James E. Davis 
 Chief Executive Officer and President; Director (Principal Executive Officer) /s/Sam A. Samad 
 Sam A. Samad 
 Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer) /s/Michael J. Deppe 
 Michael J. Deppe 
 Senior Vice President, Corporate Controller and Chief Accounting Officer (Principal Accounting Officer) /s/Tracey C. Doi 
 Tracey C. Doi 
 Director /s/Vicky B. Gregg 
 Vicky B. Gregg 
 Director /s/Wright L. Lassiter, III 
 Wright L. Lassiter, III 
 Director /s/Timothy L. Main 
 Timothy L. Main 
 Director /s/Denise M. Morrison 
 Denise M. Morrison 
 Director /s/Gary M. Pfeiffer 
 Gary M. Pfeiffer 
 Director /s/Timothy M. Ring 
 Timothy M. Ring 
 Director /s/Stephen H. Rusckowski 
 Stephen H. Rusckowski 
 Chairman /s/Gail R. Wilensky 
 Gail R. Wilensky 
 Director 
 
 57 

Table of Contents 

 QUEST DIAGNOSTICS INCORPORATED AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
 
 Our Company 
 
 Diagnostic Information Services 
 
 Quest Diagnostics empowers people to take action to improve health outcomes. We use our extensive database of clinical lab results to derive diagnostic insights that reveal new avenues to identify and treat disease, inspire healthy behaviors and improve healthcare management. Our diagnostic information services business ("DIS") provides information and insights based on an industry-leading menu of routine, non-routine and advanced clinical testing and anatomic pathology testing, and other diagnostic information services. We provide services to a broad range of customers, including patients, clinicians, hospitals, independent delivery networks ("IDNs"), health plans, employers, consumers, and accountable care organizations ("ACOs"). We offer the broadest access in the United States to diagnostic information services through our nationwide network of laboratories, patient service centers and phlebotomists in physician offices and our connectivity resources, including call centers and mobile paramedics, nurses and other health and wellness professionals. We are the world's leading provider of diagnostic information services. We provide interpretive consultation with one of the largest medical and scientific staffs in the industry. Our DIS business makes up greater than 95 of our consolidated net revenues. During 2022, we processed approximately 208 million test requisitions through our extensive laboratory network. 
 
 The clinical testing that we perform is an essential element in the delivery of healthcare services. Clinicians use clinical testing for predisposition, screening, monitoring, diagnosis, prognosis and treatment choices of diseases and other medical conditions. The United States clinical testing industry consists of two segments. One segment includes hospital inpatient and outpatient testing. The second segment includes testing of persons who are not hospital patients, including testing done in commercial clinical laboratories, physician-office laboratories and other locations, as well as hospital outreach (non-hospital patients) and consumer-initiated testing. 
 
 The clinical testing industry is subject to seasonal fluctuations in operating results and cash flows. Typically, testing volume declines during vacation and major holiday periods, reducing net revenues and operating cash flows below annual averages. Testing volume is also subject to declines due to severe weather or other events (such as public health emergencies and health pandemics), which can deter patients from having testing performed and which can vary in duration and severity from year to year. Additionally, orders for clinical testing generated from clinician offices, hospitals, employers and consumers can be affected by factors such as changes in the United States economy and regulatory environment, which affect the number of unemployed and uninsured, and design changes in healthcare plans, which affect utilization as well as patient responsibility for healthcare costs. 
 
 We assess our revenue performance for the DIS business based upon, among other factors, volume (measured by test requisitions) and revenue per requisition. Each requisition accompanies patient specimens, indicating the test(s) to be performed and the party to be billed for the test(s). Revenue per requisition is impacted by various factors, including, among other items, the impact of fee schedule changes (i.e. unit price), test mix, payer mix, and the number of tests per requisition. Management uses number of requisitions and revenue per requisition data to assist with assessing the growth and performance of the business, including understanding trends affecting number of requisitions, pricing and test mix. Therefore, we believe that information related to changes in these metrics from period to period are useful information for investors as it allows them to assess the performance of the business. 
 
 Diagnostic Solutions 
 
 In our Diagnostic Solutions ("DS") businesses, which represent the balance of our consolidated net revenues, we offer a variety of solutions for life insurers and healthcare organizations and clinicians. We are the leading provider of risk assessment services for the life insurance industry. In addition, we offer healthcare organizations and clinicians robust information technology solutions. 
 
 2022 Highlights 
 
 58 

Table of Contents 

 Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 (dollars in millions, except per share data) Net revenues 9,883 10,788 9,437 Base business revenues (a) 8,429 8,018 6,714 COVID-19 testing revenues 1,454 2,770 2,723 DIS revenues 9,609 10,494 9,139 Revenue per requisition change (4.5) (1.6) 16.2 Requisition volume change (4.5) 16.5 6.6 Organic requisition volume change (5.1) 13.6 4.5 DS revenues 274 294 298 Operating income 1,428 2,381 1,971 Net income attributable to Quest Diagnostics 946 1,995 1,431 Diluted earnings per share 7.97 15.55 10.47 Net cash provided by operating activities 1,718 2,233 2,005 Capital expenditures 404 403 418 
 
 (a) Excludes COVID-19 testing. 
 
 The impact that the COVID-19 pandemic had on our DIS revenues, including requisition volume and revenue per requisition are discussed further below under "Impact of COVID-19" and "Results of Operations". 
 
 For further discussion of the year-over-year changes for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to the year ended December 31, 2021, see "Results of Operations" below. 
 
 Impact of COVID-19 
 
 Since 2020, a novel strain of coronavirus has impacted the economy of the United States and other countries around the world. As a result of the pandemic, we have made substantial investments to expand and maintain the amount of COVID-19 testing available to the country. We have been effectively managing challenges in the global supply chain and, at this point, we have sufficient supplies to conduct our business. As the impact of COVID-19 moderates, we remain active in the continued response to COVID-19. 
 
 Due to the pandemic, since 2020 we have experienced significant volatility, including periods of material decline compared to prior year periods in testing volume in our base business (which excludes COVID-19 testing) and periods of significant demand for COVID-19 testing services. Additionally, compared to pre-2020 historical levels, our revenue per requisition has been positively impacted by COVID-19 molecular testing. 
 
 Two Point Strategy 
 
 Our two point strategy and our operating principles are described in detail in " Item 1. Business ". We continued to execute our strategy and leverage our operating principles during 2022 as follows: 
 
 Acquisition of Pack Health, LLC ("Pack Health") 
 
 59 

Table of Contents 

 On February 1, 2022, we completed the acquisition of Pack Health, a patient engagement company that helps individuals adopt healthier behaviors to improve outcomes, in an all cash transaction for 123 million, net of 4 million cash acquired, which consisted of cash consideration of 105 million and contingent consideration initially estimated at 18 million. The acquired business is included in our DIS business. 
 
 For further details, see Notes 6 and 8 to the audited consolidated financial statements. 
 
 Invigorate Program 
 
 We are engaged in a multi-year program called Invigorate, which is designed to reduce our cost structure and improve our performance. We currently aim annually to achieve savings and productivity improvements of approximately 3 of our costs, which we believe will help offset pressures from the current inflationary environment. 
 
 Invigorate has consisted of several flagship programs, with structured plans in each, to drive savings and improve performance across the customer value chain. These flagship programs include: organization excellence; information technology excellence; procurement excellence; field and customer service excellence; lab excellence; and revenue services excellence. In addition to these programs, we have identified key themes to change how we operate including reducing denials and patient price concessions; further digitizing our business; standardization; automation; optimization and selecting and retaining talent. We believe that our efforts to standardize our information technology systems, equipment and data also foster our efforts to strengthen our foundation for growth and support the value creation initiatives of our clinical franchises by enhancing our operational flexibility, empowering and enhancing the customer experience, facilitating the delivery of actionable insights and bolstering our large data platform. 
 
 For the year ended December 31, 2022, we incurred 88 million of pre-tax charges in connection with our Invigorate program and other restructuring activities, including 55 million of employee separation costs, with the remainder primarily consisting of systems conversion and integration costs. Most of the charges will result in cash expenditures. Additional restructuring charges may be incurred in future periods, including as we identify additional opportunities to achieve further savings and productivity improvements. 
 
 For further details of the Invigorate program and associated costs, see Note 5 to the audited consolidated financial statements. 
 
 Outlook and Trends 
 
 The healthcare system in the United States is evolving. We expect that the evolution of the healthcare industry, including impacts of the COVID-19 pandemic, which include the increased adoption of telemedicine, will continue, and that industry change is likely to be extensive. There are a number of key trends that we expect will continue to have a significant impact on the diagnostic information services business in the United States and on our business. We believe that several of the trends, including increased focus on value, consolidation, price transparency and consumerization, are favorable to our business. 
 
 Healthcare market participants, including governments, are focusing on controlling costs, including potentially by reducing reimbursement for healthcare services, changing reimbursement for healthcare services (including but not limited to a shift from fee-for-service to capitation), changing medical coverage policies e.g ., healthcare benefits design), denying coverage for services, requiring preauthorization of laboratory testing, requiring co-pays, introducing laboratory spend management utilities and payment and patient care innovations such as ACOs and patient-centered medical homes. In recent years, there has been an ongoing trend of rising patient responsibility (including attributable to payer denials) which has resulted in an increase in our reserves for patient price concessions. As health plans and government programs require greater levels of patient cost-sharing, our patient price concessions may continue to be negatively impacted and adversely impact our results of operations. As previously mentioned, there could be a shift to capitation arrangements where we agree to a predetermined monthly reimbursement rate for each member enrolled in a restricted plan, generally regardless of the number or cost of services provided by us. In both 2022 and 2021, we derived approximately 3 of our consolidated net revenues from capitated payment arrangements. In both 2022 and 2021, we derived approximately 8 of our testing volume from capitated payment arrangements. 
 
 Historically, the Medicare Clinical Laboratory Fee Schedule ("CLFS") and the Medicare Physician Fee Schedule established under Part B of the Medicare program have been subject to change, including each year. Pursuant to the Protecting Access to Medicare Act ("PAMA"), reimbursement rates for clinical laboratory testing were reduced from 2018 - 2020. 
 60 

Table of Contents 

 PAMA calls for further revision of the CLFS for years after 2020, based on future surveys of market rates; reimbursement reduction from 2024 - 2026 is capped by PAMA at 15 annually. PAMA's next data collection and reporting period have been delayed, most recently by federal legislation adopted in December 2022, which further delayed the reimbursement rate reductions and reporting requirements until January 1, 2024. 
 
 In addition, the trend of consolidating, converging and diversifying among our customers, payers and other healthcare industry participants has continued and may result in increased price transparency and bargaining power, and may encourage internalization of clinical testing. We also believe that PAMA, among other factors, may be a further catalyst for consolidation as diagnostic information services providers realize lower Medicare reimbursement rates and large diagnostic information services providers may be able to increase their share of the overall diagnostic information services industry due to their large networks and lower cost structures. 
 
 For a discussion of the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on our business, see " Impact of COVID-19" above. 
 
 For additional information on our key trends, which present both opportunities and risks, see " Item 1. Business: The Clinical Testing Industry ." 
 
 Critical Accounting Policies 
 
 The preparation of financial statements in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States requires us to make estimates and assumptions and select accounting policies that affect our reported financial results and the disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities. 
 
 Our revenues are primarily comprised of a high volume of relatively low-dollar transactions, and about one-half of our total costs and expenses consist of employee compensation and benefits. Due to the nature of our business, several of our accounting policies involve significant estimates and judgments: 
 
 revenues and accounts receivable associated with DIS; 
 reserves for general and professional liability claims; 
 reserves for other legal proceedings; and 
 accounting for and recoverability of goodwill. 
 
 Revenues and accounts receivable associated with DIS 
 
 The process for estimating revenues and the ultimate collection of receivables associated with our DIS business involves significant assumptions and judgments. We recognize as revenue the amount of consideration to which we expect to be entitled primarily upon completion of the testing process (when results are reported) or when services have been rendered. We estimate the amount of consideration we expect to be entitled to receive from customer groups in exchange for providing services using the portfolio approach. These estimates include the impact of contractual allowances (including payer denials), and patient price concessions, as discussed below. The portfolios determined using the portfolio approach consist of the following customers: 
 
 Healthcare Insurers 
 Government Payers 
 Client Payers 
 Patients 
 
 We have a standardized approach to estimate the amount of consideration that we expect to be entitled to, including the impact of contractual allowances (including payer denials), and patient price concessions. Historical collection and payer reimbursement experience (along with the period of time that the receivables have been outstanding) is an integral part of the estimation process related to revenues and receivables. Adjustments to our estimated contractual allowances and implicit patient price concessions are recorded in the current period as changes in estimates. Further adjustments to the allowances, based on actual receipts, may be recorded upon settlement. 
 
 61 

Table of Contents 

 We regularly assess the state of our billing operations in order to identify issues which may impact the collectability of receivables or revenue estimates. We believe that the collectability of our receivables is directly linked to the quality of our billing processes, most notably those related to obtaining the correct information in order to bill effectively for the services we provide. As such, we strive to implement best practices and endeavor to increase the use of electronic ordering to reduce the number of requisitions that we receive from healthcare providers with missing or incorrect billing information. We believe that our collection and revenue estimation processes, along with our close monitoring of our billing operations, help to reduce the risk associated with material adjustments to reserve estimates. However, changes to our estimate of the impact of contractual allowances (including payer denials) and patient price concessions could have a material impact on our results of operations and financial condition in the period that the estimates are adjusted. 
 
 The following table shows the approximate percentage of our total requisition volume and net revenues associated with our DIS business during 2022 applicable to each customer group: 
 of of Total Consolidated Volume Net Revenues Healthcare insurers 47 41 Government payers 10 11 Client payers 40 33 Patients 1 12 Total DIS 98 97 
 
 Patients revenue includes coinsurance and deductible responsibilities; but volume associated with such revenue is reported under Healthcare insurers. 
 
 The following table shows net accounts receivable as of December 31, 2022 applicable to each customer group: 
 of Consolidated Net Accounts Receivable Healthcare insurers 28 Government payers 6 Client payers 44 Patients (including coinsurance and deductible responsibilities) 18 Total DIS 96 
 
 Healthcare insurers 
 
 Reimbursements from healthcare insurers are based on fee-for-service schedules and on capitated payment rates. Under fee-for-service arrangements, healthcare insurers are billed at our list price. Net revenues recognized consist of amounts billed net of contractual allowances for differences between amounts billed and the estimated consideration we expect to receive from such payers, which considers historical denial and collection experience and the terms of our contractual arrangements. 
 
 Substantially all of the accounts receivable due from healthcare insurers represent amounts billed under fee-for-service arrangements. Collection of our net revenues from healthcare insurers is normally a function of providing complete and correct billing information to the healthcare insurers within the various filing deadlines and generally occurs within 30 to 60 days of billing. Provided we have billed healthcare insurers accurately with complete information prior to the established filing deadline, there has historically been little to no credit risk. If there has been a delay in billing, we determine if the amounts in question will likely go past the filing deadline, and if so, we will reserve accordingly for the billing. 
 
 Under capitated arrangements with healthcare insurers, we recognize revenue based on a predetermined monthly reimbursement rate for each member of an insurer's health plan regardless of the number or cost of services provided by us. Under capitated payment arrangements, the healthcare insurers typically reimburse us in the same month services are performed, essentially giving rise to no outstanding accounts receivable at the end of a reporting period. If any capitated 
 62 

Table of Contents 

 payments are not received on a timely basis, we determine the cause and make a separate determination as to whether or not the collection of the amount from the healthcare insurer is at risk and, if so, would reserve accordingly. 
 
 Government payers 
 
 Reimbursements from government payers are based on fee-for-service schedules set by governmental authorities, including traditional Medicare and Medicaid. Net revenues recognized consist of amounts billed net of contractual allowances for differences between amounts billed and the estimated consideration we expect to receive from such payers, which considers historical denial and collection experience. 
 
 Collection of our net revenues from government payers is normally a function of providing the complete and correct billing information within the various filing deadlines. Collection generally occurs within 30 days of billing. Provided we have billed government payers accurately with complete information prior to the established filing deadline, there has historically been little to no credit risk. If there has been a delay in billing, we determine if the amounts in question will likely go past the filing deadline, and, if so, we will reserve for the billing accordingly. 
 
 Client payers 
 
 Client payers include physicians, hospitals, ACOs, IDNs, employers, other commercial laboratories and institutions for which services are performed on a wholesale basis, and are billed based on a negotiated fee schedule. Credit risk and ability to pay are more of a consideration for these payers than healthcare insurers and government payers. Collection of consideration we expect to receive generally occurs within 60 to 90 days of billing. 
 
 We principally estimate the allowance for credit losses for client payers based on historical collection experience, the current credit worthiness of the customers, current economic conditions, expectations of future economic conditions and the period of time that the receivables have been outstanding. To the extent that any individual client payers are identified that have deteriorated in credit quality, we establish allowances based on the individual risk characteristics of such customers. 
 
 Patients 
 
 Uninsured patients are billed based on established patient fee schedules or fees negotiated with physicians on behalf of their patients. Insured patients (includes coinsurance and deductible responsibilities) are billed based on fees negotiated with healthcare insurers. Collection of billings from patients is subject to credit risk and ability of the patients to pay. Net revenues consist of amounts billed net of discounts provided to uninsured patients in accordance with our policies and implicit price concessions. Implicit price concessions represent differences between amounts billed and the estimated consideration we expect to receive from patients, which considers historical collection experience (along with the period of time that the receivables have been outstanding) and other factors including current market conditions. Patient billings are generally fully reserved for when the related service reaches 210 days outstanding. Balances are automatically written off when they are sent to collection agencies. Allowances are further adjusted for estimated recoveries of amounts sent to collection agencies based on historical collection experience, which is regularly monitored. Collection of consideration we expect to receive generally occurs within 30 to 60 days of billing. 
 
 Reserves for general and professional liability claims 
 
 As a general matter, providers of diagnostic information services may be subject to lawsuits alleging negligence or other similar claims. These suits could involve claims for substantial damages. Any professional liability litigation could also have an adverse impact on our client base and reputation. We maintain various liability insurance coverages for claims that could result from providing, or failing to provide, clinical testing services, including inaccurate testing results, and other exposures. Our insurance coverage limits our maximum exposure on individual claims; however, we are essentially self-insured for a significant portion of these claims. While the basis for claims reserves is actuarially determined losses based upon our historical and projected loss experience, the process of analyzing, assessing and establishing reserve estimates relative to these types of claims involves a high degree of judgment. Although we believe that our present reserves and insurance coverage are sufficient to cover currently estimated exposures, it is possible that we may incur liabilities in excess of our recorded reserves or insurance coverage. Changes in the facts and circumstances associated with claims could have a material impact on our results of operations (principally costs of services), cash flows and financial condition in the period that reserve estimates are adjusted or paid. See Note 19 to the audited consolidated financial statements for a discussion of our reserves for general and professional liability claims. 
 
 63 

Table of Contents 

 Reserves for other legal proceedings 
 
 Our businesses are subject to or impacted by extensive and frequently changing laws and regulations, including inspections and audits by governmental agencies, in the United States (at both the federal and state levels) and the other jurisdictions in which we conduct business. Although we believe that we are in compliance, in all material respects, with applicable laws and regulations, there can be no assurance that a regulatory agency would not reach a different conclusion. Any noncompliance by us with applicable laws and regulations could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations. In addition, these laws and regulations may be interpreted or applied by a prosecutorial, regulatory or judicial authority in a manner that could require us to make changes in our operations, including our pricing and/or billing practices. In addition, certain federal and state statutes, including the qui tam provisions of federal and state false claims acts, allow private individuals to bring lawsuits against healthcare companies on behalf of government or private payers alleging inappropriate billing practices. We are aware of certain pending lawsuits including class action lawsuits, and have received subpoenas related to billing practices. See Note 19 to the audited consolidated financial statements for a discussion of the various legal proceedings that we are involved in. 
 
 The process of analyzing, assessing and establishing reserve estimates relative to legal proceedings involves a high degree of judgment. Management has established reserves for legal proceedings in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles in the United States. Changes in facts and circumstances related to such proceedings could lead to significant adjustments to reserve estimates for such matters and could have a material impact on our results of operations, cash flows and financial condition in the period that reserve estimates are adjusted or paid. 
 
 Accounting for and recoverability of goodwill 
 
 We do not amortize goodwill, but evaluate the recoverability and measure the potential impairment of our goodwill annually, or more frequently, in the case of other events that indicate a potential impairment. We identified the following reporting units for goodwill impairment testing in 2022: 
 
 DIS business; 
 Risk assessment services business, which is part of our DS businesses 
 
 The DIS reporting unit components have been aggregated into a single reporting unit because they have similar economic characteristics, including similarities in financial performance, nature of products or services, nature of production processes and types of customers. 
 
 On a quarterly basis, we perform a review of our business to determine if events or changes in circumstances have occurred which could have a material adverse effect on our fair value and our goodwill. If such events or changes in circumstances were deemed to have occurred, we would perform an impairment test of goodwill and record any noted impairment loss. 
 
 The annual impairment test for goodwill includes an option to perform a qualitative assessment of whether it is more likely than not that a reporting unit's fair value is less than its carrying value; the qualitative analysis may be performed prior to, or as an alternative to, performing a quantitative goodwill impairment test. In evaluating whether it is more likely than not that the fair value of a reporting unit is less than its carrying value, we assess relevant events and circumstances, such as: (a) macroeconomic conditions; (b) industry and market considerations; (c) cost factors; (d) overall financial performance; (e) other relevant entity-specific events; (f) events affecting a reporting unit; and (g) a sustained decrease in share price. If, after assessing the totality of events or circumstances, we determine that it is more likely than not that the fair value of a reporting unit is less than its carrying value, then we are required to perform the quantitative goodwill impairment test. Otherwise, no further analysis is required. Additionally, our policy is to update the fair value calculation of our reporting units and perform the quantitative goodwill impairment test on a periodic basis. 
 
 The quantitative impairment test involves the comparison of the fair value of the reporting unit to its carrying value. If the carrying value is greater than our estimate of fair value, an impairment loss will be recognized in the amount of the excess. We calculate the fair value of each reporting unit using either (i) a discounted cash flows analysis that converts future cash flow amounts into a single discounted present value amount or (ii) a market approach. We assess the valuation methodology based upon the relevance and availability of the data at the time we perform the valuation. The discounted cash flows analysis includes several unobservable inputs related to our own assumptions. The assumptions and estimates used in the discounted cash flows model are based upon the best available information in the circumstances and include a forecast of expected future cash flows, long-term growth rates, discount rates that are commensurate with economic risks, assumed income tax rates and 
 64 

Table of Contents 

 estimates of capital expenditures and working capital. The fair values of the reporting units could be different if, for example, forecasted revenue growth rates, economic conditions, government regulations or actions by payers to control utilization of or reimbursement for healthcare services, turn out to be different than our assumptions or estimates. Changes in the assumed discount rates due to changes in interest rates could also affect the estimated fair values of the reporting units. We use a discount rate that considers a weighted average cost of capital plus an appropriate risk premium based upon the reporting unit being valued. Our analysis also considers publicly available information regarding our market capitalization, as well as (i) the financial projections and future prospects of our business, including its growth opportunities and likely operational improvements, and (ii) comparable sales prices, if available. We believe our estimation methods are reasonable and reflect common valuation practices. 
 
 We perform our annual impairment test during the fourth quarter of the fiscal year. For the year ended December 31, 2022, we performed a qualitative assessment for our DIS reporting unit. Based on the totality of the information available for the DIS reporting unit, we concluded that it was more likely than not that the estimated fair value was greater than the carrying value of the reporting unit, and as such, no further analysis was required. As a sensitivity, in conjunction with the most recent quantitative test performed for the year ended December 31, 2020, if the estimated fair value of the DIS reporting unit decreased by 10 , we would have still concluded that the goodwill for our DIS reporting unit was not impaired. For the year ended December 31, 2022, we updated the fair value calculation for our risk assessment reporting unit, performed a quantitative impairment test and concluded that goodwill for the reporting unit was not impaired. As a sensitivity, if the estimated fair value of the risk assessment reporting unit decreased by 10 , we would have still concluded that the goodwill for the reporting unit was not impaired. 

Results of Operations 
 
 For a comparison of results of operations for the year ended December 31, 2021 compared to December 31, 2020, along with the results of operations for the year ended December 31, 2020, see "Item 7 - Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Result of Operations" of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2021. See "Available Information." 
 
 Basis of Presentation 
 
 Our DIS business currently represents our one reportable business segment. The DIS business for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 accounted for greater than 95 of our consolidated net revenues. Our other operating segments consist of our DS businesses. For further details regarding our business segment information, see Note 20 to the audited consolidated financial statements. 
 
 Results of Operations 
 
 The following table sets forth certain results of operations data for the periods presented: 
 2022 2021 Change Change (dollars in millions, except per share data) Net revenues: DIS business 9,609 10,494 (885) (8.4) DS businesses 274 294 (20) (7.0) Total net revenues 9,883 10,788 (905) (8.4) Operating costs and expenses and other operating income: Cost of services 6,450 6,579 (129) (2.0) Selling, general and administrative 1,874 1,727 147 8.5 Amortization of intangible assets 120 103 17 15.6 Other operating expense (income), net 11 (2) 13 NM Total operating costs and expenses, net 8,455 8,407 48 0.6 Operating income 1,428 2,381 (953) (40.0) 
 65 

Table of Contents 

 Other income (expense): Interest expense, net 
 (138) (151) 13 (8.6) Other (expense) income, net (55) 369 (424) NM Total non-operating (expense) income, net (193) 218 (411) NM Income tax expense (264) (597) 333 (55.8) Effective income tax rate 
 21.4 23.0 Equity in earnings of equity method investees, net of taxes 
 44 78 (34) (44.7) Net income attributable to Quest Diagnostics 946 1,995 (1,049) (52.6) Diluted earnings per share attributable to Quest Diagnostics common stockholders 7.97 15.55 (7.58) (48.7) 
 
 NM - Not Meaningful 
 
 The following table sets forth certain results of operations data as a percentage of net revenues for the periods presented: 
 2022 2021 Net revenues: DIS business 97.2 97.3 DS businesses 2.8 2.7 Total net revenues 100.0 100.0 Operating costs and expenses and other operating income: 
 Cost of services 65.3 61.0 Selling, general and administrative 19.0 16.0 Amortization of intangible assets 1.1 1.0 Other operating expense (income), net 0.1 (0.1) Total operating costs and expenses, net 
 85.5 77.9 Operating income 14.5 22.1 
 
 Operating Results 
 
 Results for the year ended December 31, 2022 were affected by certain items that on a net basis decreased diluted earnings per share by 1.98 as follows: 
 
 pre-tax amortization expense of 120 million recorded in amortization of intangible assets or 0.74 per diluted share; 
 pre-tax charges of 93 million recorded in selling, general and administrative expenses, or 0.59 per diluted share, representing costs associated with donations, contributions and other financial support through Quest for Health Equity (our initiative with the Quest Diagnostics Foundation to reduce health disparities in underserved communities); 
 pre-tax charges of 88 million 32 million recorded in cost of services and 56 million recorded in selling, general and administrative expenses), or 0.56 per diluted share, primarily associated with workforce reductions, systems conversions and integration incurred in connection with further restructuring and integrating our business; 
 pre-tax charges of 42 million 30 million recorded in other (expense) income, net, and 12 million recorded in equity in earnings of equity method investees), or 0.26 per diluted share, representing net losses associated with changes in the carrying value of our strategic investments ; and 
 66 

Table of Contents 

 net pre-tax charges of 13 million 2 million recorded in cost of services and 11 million recorded in other operating expense (income), net), or 0.09 per diluted share, primarily representing a 14 million impairment charge on certain property, plant and equipment and a 5 million loss associated with the increase in the fair value of the contingent consideration accrual associated with previous acquisitions, partially offset by a 10 million gain from a payroll tax credit under the Coronavirus Aid, Relief, and Economic Security Act ("CARES Act") associated with the retention of employees; partially offset by 
 an income tax benefit of 18 million, recorded in income tax expense, or 0.14 per diluted share, due to a cumulative adjustment to state deferred tax liabilities related to depreciation expense; and 
 excess tax benefits associated with stock-based compensation arrangements of 14 million, or 0.12 per diluted share, recorded in income tax expense. 
 
 For the year ended December 31, 2022, diluted earnings per share benefited from the impact of share repurchases, including under accelerated share repurchase agreements ("ASRs") entered into in April 2021 to repurchase 1.5 billion of our common stock, on our weighted average shares outstanding as compared to the prior year. 
 
 Results for the year ended December 31, 2021 were affected by certain items that on a net basis increased diluted earnings per share by 1.31 as follows: 
 
 a pre-tax gain recorded in other (expense) income, net of 314 million, or 2.02 per diluted share, on the sale of our 40 ownership interest in Q 2 Solutions ("Q 2 Solutions"), our clinical trials central laboratory services joint venture, to IQVIA Holdings, Inc. ("IQVIA"), our joint venture partner (see Note 7 to the audited consolidated financial statements); 
 a net pre-tax gain of 39 million recorded in other (expense) income, net, or 0.24 per diluted share, primarily due to gains associated with changes in the carrying value of our strategic investments, partially offset by a non-cash impairment charge to the carrying value of an equity method investment; and 
 excess tax benefits associated with stock-based compensation arrangements of 19 million, or 0.14 per diluted share, recorded in income tax expense; partially offset by 
 pre-tax amortization expense of 105 million 103 million recorded in amortization of intangible assets and 2 million recorded in equity in earnings of equity method investees, net of taxes) or 0.62 per diluted share; 
 pre-tax charges of 61 million 30 million recorded in cost of services and 31 million recorded in selling, general and administrative expenses), or 0.36 per diluted share, primarily associated with systems conversions and integration incurred in connection with further restructuring and integrating our business; 
 pre-tax charges of 16 million recorded in selling, general and administrative expenses, or 0.08 per diluted share, primarily due to costs associated with donations, contributions and other financial support through Quest for Health Equity; and 
 pre-tax charges of 4 million recorded in cost of services, or 0.03 per diluted share, representing the impact of certain items resulting from the COVID-19 pandemic, including incremental costs incurred to protect the health and safety of our employees and customers. 
 
 Net Revenues 
 
 Net revenues for the year ended December 31, 2022 decreased by 8.4 compared to the prior year. 
 67 

Table of Contents 

DIS revenues for the year ended December 31, 2022 decreased by 8.4 compared to the prior year. For the year ended December 31, 2022: 
 
 The decrease in revenue compared to the prior year was driven by a decrease in COVID-19 testing, partially offset by growth in the base business and the impact of recent acquisitions. For the year ended December 31, 2022, recent acquisitions contributed approximately 0.8 to DIS revenues. 
 DIS volume decreased by 4.5 compared to the prior year driven by a decrease in COVID-19 testing, partially offset by growth in the base business and the impact of recent acquisitions, which contributed approximately 0.6 to DIS volume. 
 Revenue per requisition decreased by 4.5 compared to the prior year driven in large part by the decrease in COVID-19 molecular testing and unit price pressure of approximately 0.5 , partially offset by favorable mix. 
 Revenues in the base business (including the impact of recent acquisitions) increased by 5.6 compared to the prior year. 
 Testing volume in the base business (including the impact of recent acquisitions) was up 2.2 compared to the prior year. 
 Revenue per requisition in the base business increased by 3.0 compared to the prior year primarily due to favorable test and payer mix. 
 
 DS revenues for the year ended December 31, 2022 decreased by 7.0 compared to the prior year primarily due to lower revenues associated with our risk assessment services offered to the life insurance industry. 
 
 Cost of Services 
 
 Cost of services consists principally of costs for obtaining, transporting and testing specimens as well as facility costs used for the delivery of our services. 
 
 Cost of services decreased by 129 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to the prior year. The decrease was primarily driven by lower supplies and collection expenses associated with reduced COVID-19 testing volumes, partially offset by higher compensation and benefits costs (primarily related to wage increases) and additional costs associated with our acquisitions. 
 
 Selling, General and Administrative Expenses ("SG A") 
 
 SG A consists principally of the costs associated with our sales and marketing efforts, billing operations, credit loss expense and general management and administrative support, as well as administrative facility costs. 
 
 SG A increased by 147 million for the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to the prior year, primarily driven by additional costs associated with investments in our strategic growth initiatives, costs associated with donations, contributions and other financial support through Quest for Health Equity, and higher compensation and benefits costs (including headcount and wage increases), partially offset by 42 million of lower costs associated with changes in the value of our deferred compensation obligations. 
 
 The changes in the value of our deferred compensation obligations is largely offset by changes in the value of the associated investments, which are recorded in other (expense) income, net. For further details regarding our deferred compensation plans, see Note 18 to the audited consolidated financial statements. 
 
 Amortization of Intangible Assets 
 
 For the year ended December 31, 2022, amortization expense increased by 17 million compared to the prior year primarily due to an adjustment to the useful life of a customer-related intangible asset and, to a lesser extent, the impact of recent acquisitions. 
 
 68 

Table of Contents 

 Other Operating Expense (Income), Net 
 
 Other operating expense (income), net includes miscellaneous income and expense items and other charges related to operating activities. 
 
 For the year ended December 31, 2022, other operating expense (income), net includes a 14 million impairment charge on certain property, plant and equipment and a 5 million loss associated with the increase in the fair value of the contingent consideration accrual associated with previous acquisitions, partially offset by a 10 million gain from a payroll tax credit under the CARES Act associated with the retention of employees. 
 
 Interest Expense, Net 
 
 Interest expense, net decreased by 13 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to the prior year, primarily due to increased interest income resulting from the impact of rising interest rates on our cash and cash equivalents. 
 
 Other (Expense) Income, Net 
 
 Other income, net represents miscellaneous income and expense items related to non-operating activities, such as gains and losses associated with investments and other non-operating assets. 
 
 For the year ended December 31, 2022, other (expense) income, net included 30 million of losses associated with changes in the carrying value of our strategic investments and 25 million of losses associated with investments in our deferred compensation plans. 
 
 For the year ended December 31, 2021, other (expense) income, net included a 314 million pre-tax gain on the sale of our 40 ownership interest in Q 2 Solutions, our clinical trials central laboratory services joint venture, to IQVIA, our joint venture partner (see Note 7 to the audited consolidated financial statements), 39 million in gains associated with changes in the carrying value of our strategic investments, and 17 million in gains associated with investments in our deferred compensation plans. 
 
 Income Tax Expense 
 
 Income tax expense for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 was 264 million and 597 million, respectively. The decrease in income tax expense compared to the prior year was primarily driven by a decrease in income before income taxes and equity in earnings of equity method investees. 
 
 The effective income tax rate for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 was 21.4 and 23.0 , respectively. The year ended December 31, 2022 includes an 18 million income tax benefit due to a cumulative adjustment to state deferred tax liabilities related to depreciation expense, which impacted the effective income tax rate by 1.5 . The effective income tax rate for the year ended December 31, 2021 benefited from a lower effective income tax rate, 17.6 , on the gain on the sale of our 40 ownership interest in Q 2 Solutions. In addition, the effective income tax rates benefited from 14 million and 19 million of excess tax benefits associated with stock-based compensation arrangements for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 
 Equity in Earnings of Equity Method Investees, Net of Taxes 
 
 For the year ended December 31, 2022, there was a 34 million decrease in equity in earnings of equity method investees, net of taxes, compared to the prior year primarily due to 21 million of lower equity earnings in the current year period associated with changes in the carrying value of strategic investments of an equity method investee and lower demand for COVID-19 testing services at our diagnostic information services joint venture, partially offset by a non-cash impairment to the carrying value of an equity method investment of 8 million in the prior year period. 
 
 69 

Table of Contents 

 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 
 We address our exposure to market risks, principally the risk of changes in interest rates, through a controlled program of risk management that includes the use of derivative financial instruments. We do not hold or issue derivative financial instruments for speculative purposes. We seek to mitigate the variability in cash outflows that result from changes in interest rates by maintaining a balanced mix of fixed-rate and variable-rate debt obligations. In order to achieve this objective, we have historically entered into interest rate swap agreements. Interest rate swap agreements involve the periodic exchange of payments without the exchange of underlying principal or notional amounts. Net settlements are recognized as an adjustment to interest expense, net. We believe that our exposures to foreign exchange impacts and changes in commodity prices are not material to our consolidated results of operations, financial position or cash flows. For further details regarding our significant accounting policies on interest rate risk and foreign currency, see Note 2 to the audited consolidated financial statements. 
 
 As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the fair value of our debt was estimated at approximately billion and billion, respectively, principally using quoted prices in active markets and yields for the same or similar types of borrowings, taking into account the underlying terms of the debt instruments. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the estimated fair value (was less than) exceeded the carrying value of the debt by (318) million and 403 million, respectively. A hypothetical 10 increase in interest rates (representing 51 basis points as of December 31, 2022 and 23 basis points as of December 31, 2021) would potentially reduce the estimated fair value of our debt by approximately 120 million and 89 million as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 
 Borrowings under our secured receivables credit facility and our senior unsecured revolving credit facility are subject to variable interest rates. Interest on our secured receivables credit facility is based on either commercial paper rates for highly-rated issuers or the Term Secured Overnight Financing Rate ("Term SOFR"), plus a spread. Interest on our senior unsecured revolving credit facility is based on certain published rates plus an applicable margin based on changes in our public debt ratings. As such, our borrowing cost under this credit arrangement is subject to fluctuations in interest rates and changes in our public debt ratings. As of December 31, 2022, the borrowing rates under these debt instruments were: for our secured receivables credit facility, commercial paper rates for highly-rated issuers or the Term SOFR, plus a spread of to ; and for our senior unsecured revolving credit facility, London Interbank Offered Rate ("LIBOR"), plus . As of December 31, 2022, there were no borrowings outstanding under either our million secured receivables credit facility or our 750 million senior unsecured revolving credit facility. 
 
 A hypothetical 10 change to the variable rate component of our variable rate indebtedness would not materially change our annual interest expense. 
 
 For further details regarding our outstanding debt and our financial instruments and hedging activities, see Notes 14 and 16, respectively, to the audited consolidated financial statements. 
 
 Risk Associated with Investment Portfolio 
 
 Our investment portfolio primarily includes equity investments comprised mostly of strategic holdings in companies concentrated in the life sciences and healthcare industries. Equity investments (except those accounted for under the equity method of accounting or those that result in consolidation of the investee) with readily determinable fair values are measured at fair value in prepaid expenses and other current assets in our consolidated balance sheet with changes in fair value recorded in current earnings in our consolidated statement of operations. Equity investments that do not have readily determinable fair values (which consist of investments in preferred and common shares of private companies) are measured at cost minus impairment, if any, plus or minus changes resulting from observable price changes. 
 
 We regularly evaluate equity investments that do not have readily determinable fair values to determine if there are any indicators that the investments are impaired. The carrying value of our equity investments that do not have readily determinable fair values was 4 million as of December 31, 2022. In conjunction with the preparation of our audited consolidated financial statements for the year ended December 31, 2022, we considered whether the carrying values of our investments were impaired and concluded that no such impairment existed. 
 
 We do not hedge our equity price risk. The impact of an adverse movement in equity prices on our holdings in privately held companies cannot be easily quantified, as our ability to realize returns on investments depends on, among other things, the enterprises ability to raise additional capital or derive cash inflows from continuing operations or through liquidity events such as initial public offerings, mergers or private sales. 
 
 70 

Table of Contents 

 Liquidity and Capital Resources 
 2022 2021 Change (dollars in millions) Net cash provided by operating activities 1,718 2,233 (515) Net cash (used in) provided by investing activities (543) 21 (564) Net cash used in financing activities (1,732) (2,540) 808 Net change in cash and cash equivalents and restricted cash (557) (286) (271) 

Cash and Cash Equivalents 
 
 Cash and cash equivalents consist of cash and highly-liquid short-term investments. Cash and cash equivalents as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 totaled 315 million and 872 million, respectively. 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, approximately 10 of our 315 million of consolidated cash and cash equivalents were held outside of the United States. 
 
 Cash Flows from Operating Activities 
 
 Net cash provided by operating activities for the year ended December 31, 2022 was 1,718 million, and decreased 515 million compared to the prior year primarily as a result of: 
 
 lower operating income in 2022 as compared to 2021; partially offset by 
 a 426 million decrease in income tax payments in 2022 as compared to 2021. 
 
 Days sales outstanding ("DSO"), a measure of billing and collection efficiency, was 47 days as of December 31, 2022 and 48 days as of December 31, 2021. 
 
 Cash Flows from Investing Activities 
 
 Net cash used in investing activities for the year ended December 31, 2022 was 543 million, compared to net cash provided by investing activities of 21 million for the year ended December 31, 2021. This 564 million change in cash (used in) provided by investing activities was primarily a result of 755 million of net cash proceeds received in 2021 from the sale of our 40 ownership interest in Q 2 Solutions, partially offset by a 187 million decrease in net cash paid for acquisitions. 
 
 Cash Flows from Financing Activities 
 
 Net cash used in financing activities for the year ended December 31, 2022 was 1,732 million, compared to 2,540 million for the year ended December 31, 2021. This 808 million decrease in cash used in financing activities was primarily a result of: 
 
 a 791 million decrease in repurchases of our common stock (see "Share Repurchases" for further details); and, to a lesser extent, 
 a 26 million decrease in distributions to noncontrolling interest partners. 
 
 During the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, there were no borrowings or repayments under our secured receivables credit facility or our senior unsecured revolving credit facility. 
 
 For details regarding our debt and related transactions, see Note 14 to the audited consolidated financial statements. 
 
 Dividend Program 
 
 During each of the four quarters of 2022, our Board of Directors declared a quarterly cash dividend of 0.66 per common share. During each of the four quarters of 2021, our Board of Directors declared a quarterly cash dividend of 0.62 per common share. In February 2023, we announced that our Board of Directors authorized a 7.6 increase in our quarterly cash dividend from 0.66 to 0.71 per share, or 2.84 per share annually, commencing with the dividend payable in April 2023. 
 71 

Table of Contents 

Share Repurchases 
 
 In February 2022, our Board of Directors increased the size of our share repurchase program by 1 billion. As of December 31, 2022, 0.3 billion remained available under our share repurchase authorization. In February 2023, we announced that our Board of Directors authorized us to repurchase an additional 1 billion of our common stock. The share repurchase authorization has no set expiration or termination date. 
 
 For the year ended December 31, 2022, we repurchased 10.1 million shares of our common stock for 1.4 billion. 
 
 For the year ended December 31, 2021, we repurchased 16.0 million shares of our common stock for 2.2 billion, including 10.7 million shares repurchased under ASRs. 
 
 For further details regarding our share repurchases, see Note 17 to the audited consolidated financial statements. 
 
 Contractual Obligations and Commitments 
 
 A description of the terms of our indebtedness and related debt service requirements is contained in Note 14 to the audited consolidated financial statements. 
 
 A discussion of our lease obligations is contained in Note 15 to the audited consolidated financial statements. 
 
 A discussion of our noncancellable commitments to purchase products or services is contained in Note 19 to the audited consolidated financial statements. 
 
 Equity Method Investees 
 
 Our equity method investees primarily consist of a diagnostic information services joint venture and an investment in a fund that purchases strategic holdings in private companies in the healthcare industry. Such investees are accounted for under the equity method of accounting. Our investment in equity method investees is less than 5 of our consolidated total assets. Our proportionate share of income before income taxes associated with our equity method investees is less than 5 of our consolidated income before income taxes and equity in earnings of equity method investees. We have no material unconditional obligations or guarantees to, or in support of, our equity method investees and their operations. 
 
 In conjunction with the preparation of our audited consolidated financial statements for the year ended December 31, 2022, we considered whether the carrying values of our equity method investments were impaired and concluded that no such impairment existed. 
 
 Requirements and Capital Resources 
 
 We estimate that we will invest approximately 400 million during 2023 for capital expenditures to support and grow our existing operations, principally related to investments in laboratory equipment and facilities, including laboratory automations and information technology to support our diagnostic offerings. 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, we had 1.2 billion of borrowing capacity available under our existing credit facilities, including 455 million available under our secured receivables credit facility and 750 million available under our senior unsecured revolving credit facility. There were no borrowings under these credit facilities as of December 31, 2022. In support of our risk management program, 70 million in letters of credit under the secured receivables credit facility were outstanding as of December 31, 2022. During October 2022, we amended our secured receivables credit facility and decreased the aggregate borrowing capacity under the secured receivables credit facility to 525 million. The amended secured receivables credit facility includes a 425 million loan commitment, half of which matures in October 2023 and half of which matures in October 2024. Additionally, the amended secured receivables credit facility includes a 100 million letter of credit facility which matures in October 2024. The senior unsecured revolving credit facility matures in November 2026. For further details regarding our credit facilities, see Note 14 to the audited consolidated financial statements. 
 
 Our secured receivables credit facility is subject to customary affirmative and negative covenants, and certain financial covenants with respect to the receivables that comprise the borrowing base and secure the borrowings under the facility. Our senior unsecured revolving credit facility is also subject to certain financial covenants and limitations on indebtedness. As of December 31, 2022, we were in compliance with all such applicable financial covenants. 
 72 

Table of Contents 

We have assessed the impact of the cessation of LIBOR and have identified and evaluated financial instruments and other contracts that refer to LIBOR. Our underlying exposure to LIBOR includes our senior unsecured revolving credit facility (see discussion above) under which we had no outstanding borrowings as of December 31, 2022. We expect to be able to transition all LIBOR based instruments and contracts to an alternative reference rate on or before the cessation of LIBOR and we do not believe that the cessation of LIBOR, or its replacement with an alternative reference rate or rates, will have a material impact on us. 
 
 We believe that our cash and cash equivalents and cash from operations, together with our borrowing capacity under our credit facilities, will provide sufficient financial flexibility to fund seasonal and other working capital requirements, capital expenditures, debt service requirements and other obligations, cash dividends on common shares, share repurchases and additional growth opportunities for the foreseeable future. However, should it become necessary, we believe that our credit profile should provide us with access to additional financing in order to fund normal business operations, make interest payments, fund growth opportunities and satisfy upcoming debt maturities. 

Impact of New Accounting Standards 
 
 The adoption of new accounting standards (if any) is discussed in Note 2 to the audited consolidated financial statements. 
 
 The impacts of recent accounting pronouncements not yet effective (if any) on our audited consolidated financial statements are discussed in Note 2 to the audited consolidated financial statements. 

73 

Table of Contents 

 REPORT OF MANAGEMENT ON INTERNAL CONTROL OVER FINANCIAL REPORTING 
 
 The management of the Company, including its Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting as defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. Management assessed the effectiveness of the Company's internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022 based on criteria for effective internal control over financial reporting described in Internal Control - Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. Based on this assessment, management has determined that the Company's internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022 is effective. 
 
 The Company's internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. Internal control over financial reporting includes policies and procedures that: (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the Company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America, and that receipts and expenditures of the Company are being made only in accordance with authorization of management and directors of the Company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition of assets that could have a material effect on the consolidated financial statements. 
 
 Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 
 
 PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP, the independent registered public accounting firm that audited the financial statements included in this annual report, audited the Company's internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022 and issued their audit report on the Company's internal control over financial reporting included herein. 

74 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 
 To the Board of Directors and Stockholders of Quest Diagnostics Incorporated 
 
 Opinions on the Financial Statements and Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 
 We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Quest Diagnostics Incorporated and its subsidiaries (the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the related consolidated statements of operations, comprehensive income, stockholders equity and cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022, including the related notes (collectively referred to as the consolidated financial statements ). We also have audited the Company's internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control - Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO). 
 
 In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements referred to above present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022 in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. Also in our opinion, the Company maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control - Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the COSO. 
 
 Basis for Opinions 
 
 The Company's management is responsible for these consolidated financial statements, for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting, and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting, included in the accompanying Report of Management on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting. Our responsibility is to express opinions on the Company s consolidated financial statements and on the Company's internal control over financial reporting based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB) and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 
 We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audits to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud, and whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. 
 
 Our audits of the consolidated financial statements included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the consolidated financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the consolidated financial statements. Our audit of internal control over financial reporting included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, and testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk. Our audits also included performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinions. 
 
 Definition and Limitations of Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 
 A company s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (i) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (ii) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (iii) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 
 
 Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 
 
 Critical Audit Matters 
 F-1 

The critical audit matter communicated below is a matter arising from the current period audit of the consolidated financial statements that was communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that (i) relates to accounts or disclosures that are material to the consolidated financial statements and (ii) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of critical audit matters does not alter in any way our opinion on the consolidated financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matter below, providing a separate opinion on the critical audit matter or on the accounts or disclosures to which it relates. 
 
 Valuation of Diagnostic Information Services (DIS) Business Accounts Receivable - Contractual Allowances 
 
 As described in Note 3 to the consolidated financial statements, management estimates the amount of consideration it expects to be entitled to receive from customer groups in exchange for providing services using the portfolio approach. These estimates include the impact of contractual allowances (including payer denials) and patient price concessions. The portfolio approach includes the following groups of customers: healthcare insurers, government payers, client payers and patients (28 , 6 , 44 and 18 of consolidated net accounts receivable as of December 31, 2022, respectively, as disclosed by management). The DIS business accounted for 96 of consolidated net accounts receivable 1,195 million) as of December 31, 2022. Net revenues and accounts receivable recognized from healthcare insurers and government payers consist of amounts billed net of contractual allowances for differences between amounts billed and the estimated consideration the Company expects to receive from such payers, which considers historical denial and collection experience and, additionally for healthcare insurers, the terms of the Company s contractual arrangements. As disclosed by management, the process for estimating revenues and the ultimate collection of receivables associated with the DIS business involves significant assumptions and judgments. 
 
 The principal considerations for our determination that performing procedures relating to the valuation of DIS business accounts receivable - contractual allowances is a critical audit matter are the estimate of net collectible accounts receivable, specifically contractual allowances, involves significant judgment and estimation on the part of management; this in turn led to significant auditor judgment, subjectivity and effort in performing procedures to evaluate the audit evidence related to the contractual allowances. 
 
 Addressing the matter involved performing procedures and evaluating audit evidence in connection with forming our overall opinion on the consolidated financial statements. These procedures included testing the effectiveness of controls relating to the valuation of DIS business accounts receivable, which included controls over management s methodology and data used to estimate contractual allowances. These procedures also included, among others, testing management's process for developing the estimate for contractual allowances, including (i) evaluating the appropriateness of the methodology, (ii) testing the completeness and accuracy of the historical contractual allowance and collection data from the Company s billing system, which is an input to the methodology, and (iii) evaluating the reasonableness of management s assumptions used to estimate contractual allowances by comparing actual cash collected to the prior year estimate (net accounts receivable). 
 
 /s/ February 21, 2023 
 
 We have served as the Company s auditor since 1995. 
 F-2 

Table of Contents 
 QUEST DIAGNOSTICS INCORPORATED AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 
 DECEMBER 31, 2022 AND 2021 
 (in millions, except per share data) 

2022 2021 Assets Current assets: Cash and cash equivalents Accounts receivable, net of allowance for credit losses of and as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively 
 Inventories Prepaid expenses and other current assets Total current assets Property, plant and equipment, net Operating lease right-of-use assets Goodwill Intangible assets, net Investments in equity method investees Other assets Total assets Liabilities and Stockholders Equity Current liabilities: Accounts payable and accrued expenses Current portion of long-term debt Current portion of long-term operating lease liabilities Total current liabilities Long-term debt Long-term operating lease liabilities Other liabilities Commitments and contingencies Redeemable noncontrolling interest Stockholders equity: Quest Diagnostics stockholders equity: Common stock, par value per share; shares authorized as of both December 31, 2022 and 2021; shares issued as of both December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 Additional paid-in capital Retained earnings Accumulated other comprehensive loss ) ) Treasury stock, at cost; and shares as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively 
 ) ) Total Quest Diagnostics stockholders equity Noncontrolling interests Total stockholders equity Total liabilities and stockholders equity 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these statements. 
 F-3 

Table of Contents 
 QUEST DIAGNOSTICS INCORPORATED AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 
 FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022, 2021 AND 2020 
 (in millions, except per share data) 

2022 2021 2020 Net revenues Operating costs and expenses and other operating income: Cost of services Selling, general and administrative Amortization of intangible assets Other operating expense (income), net ) Total operating costs and expenses, net Operating income Other income (expense): Interest expense, net ) ) ) Other (expense) income, net ) Total non-operating (expense) income, net ) ) Income before income taxes and equity in earnings of equity method investees Income tax expense ) ) ) Equity in earnings of equity method investees, net of taxes 
 Net income Less: Net income attributable to noncontrolling interests Net income attributable to Quest Diagnostics Earnings per share attributable to Quest Diagnostics common stockholders: Basic Diluted 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these statements. 
 F-4 

Table of Contents 
 QUEST DIAGNOSTICS INCORPORATED AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME 
 FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022, 2021 AND 2020 
 (in millions) 

2022 2021 2020 Net income Other comprehensive income (loss): Foreign currency translation adjustment ) Net change in available-for-sale debt securities, net of taxes ) Net deferred gain on cash flow hedges, net of taxes Other comprehensive (loss) income ) Comprehensive income Less: Comprehensive income attributable to noncontrolling interests Comprehensive income attributable to Quest Diagnostics 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these statements. 
 F-5 

Table of Contents 
 QUEST DIAGNOSTICS INCORPORATED AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 
 FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022, 2021 AND 2020 
 (in millions) 

2022 2021 2020 Cash flows from operating activities: Net income Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash provided by operating activities: 
 Depreciation and amortization Provision for credit losses Deferred income tax provision (benefit) ) Stock-based compensation expense Gain on disposition of joint venture ) Other, net ) ) Changes in operating assets and liabilities: Accounts receivable ) Accounts payable and accrued expenses ) Income taxes payable ) ) Termination of interest rate swap agreements Other assets and liabilities, net ) ) Net cash provided by operating activities Cash flows from investing activities: Business acquisitions, net of cash acquired ) ) ) Proceeds from disposition of joint venture Capital expenditures ) ) ) Decrease (increase) in investments and other assets, net ) Net cash (used in) provided by investing activities ) ) Cash flows from financing activities: Proceeds from borrowings Repayments of debt ) ) ) Purchases of treasury stock ) ) ) Exercise of stock options Employee payroll tax withholdings on stock issued under stock-based compensation plans 
 ) ) ) Dividends paid ) ) ) Distributions to noncontrolling interest partners ) ) ) Other financing activities, net ) ) Net cash used in financing activities ) ) ) Net change in cash and cash equivalents and restricted cash ) ) ) Cash and cash equivalents and restricted cash, beginning of year Cash and cash equivalents and restricted cash, end of year 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these statements. 
 F-6 

Table of Contents 
 QUEST DIAGNOSTICS INCORPORATED AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY 
 FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022, 2021 AND 2020 
 (in millions) 

Quest Diagnostics Stockholders Equity Shares of Common Stock Out- standing Common Stock Additional Paid-In Capital Retained Earnings Accumulated Other Comprehensive Loss Treasury Stock, at Cost Non- controlling Interests Total Stock-holders Equity Redeemable Non-controlling Interest Balance, December 31, 2019 ) ) Net income Other comprehensive income, net of tax Dividends declared ) ) Distributions to noncontrolling interest partners 
 ) ) ) Issuance of common stock under benefit plans 
 Stock-based compensation expense 
 Exercise of stock options Shares to cover employee payroll tax withholdings on stock issued under stock-based compensation plans 
 ) ) Purchases of treasury stock ) ) ) Balance, December 31, 2020 ) ) Net income Other comprehensive income, net of tax Dividends declared ) ) Distributions to noncontrolling interest partners 
 ) ) ) Issuance of common stock under benefit plans 
 ) Stock-based compensation expense 
 Exercise of stock options Shares to cover employee payroll tax withholdings on stock issued under stock-based compensation plans 
 ) ) ) Purchases of treasury stock ) ) ) Retirement of treasury stock ) ) Balance, December 31, 2021 ) ) Net income 
 Other comprehensive loss, net of tax ) ) Dividends declared 
 ) ) Distributions to noncontrolling interest partners 
 ) ) ) Issuance of common stock under benefit plans 
 ) Stock-based compensation expense 
 Exercise of stock options 
 Shares to cover employee payroll tax withholdings on stock issued under stock-based compensation plans 
 ) ) ) Purchases of treasury stock 
 ) ) ) Balance, December 31, 2022 ) ) 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these statements. 
 F-7 

Table of Contents 
 QUEST DIAGNOSTICS INCORPORATED AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (in millions unless otherwise indicated) 

1. 

2. 

Reclassifications 

Equity Method Investments 
 
 and and can exercise significant influence, are accounted for using the equity method of accounting. These investments are classified as investments in equity method investees in the consolidated balance sheet. The Company records its pro rata share of the earnings, adjusted for accretion of basis difference, of these investments in equity in earnings of equity method investees, net of taxes in the consolidated statements of operations. The Company reviews its investments in equity method investees for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amounts may not be recoverable. 
 
 F-8 

Table of Contents 
 QUEST DIAGNOSTICS INCORPORATED AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS CONTINUED 
 (in millions unless otherwise indicated) 

Revenue Recognition 
 
 , and of the Company's consolidated net revenues for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 
 Taxes on Income 

Earnings Per Share 

F-9 

Table of Contents 
 QUEST DIAGNOSTICS INCORPORATED AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS CONTINUED 
 (in millions unless otherwise indicated) 

For further details regarding stock-based compensation, see Note 18. 
 
 Fair Value Measurements 

Foreign Currency 

Cash and Cash Equivalents 

F-10 

Table of Contents 
 QUEST DIAGNOSTICS INCORPORATED AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS CONTINUED 
 (in millions unless otherwise indicated) 

of the Company's consolidated net accounts receivable. The portion of the Company's accounts receivable due from patients comprises the largest portion of credit risk. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, receivables due from patients represented approximately and , respectively, of the Company's consolidated net accounts receivable. The Company applies assumptions and judgments including historical collection experience (including the period of time that the receivables have been outstanding) for assessing collectability and determining net revenues and accounts receivable from patients. 
 
 Accounts Receivable and Allowance for Credit Losses 

Inventories 

Property, Plant and Equipment 

; 
 leasehold improvements, the lesser of the useful life of the improvement or the remaining life of the building or lease, as applicable; and 
 computer software developed or obtained for internal use, principally five to . 
 
 F-11 

Table of Contents 
 QUEST DIAGNOSTICS INCORPORATED AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS CONTINUED 
 (in millions unless otherwise indicated) 

Intangible Assets 
 
 . Intangible assets with indefinite useful lives, consisting principally of acquired tradenames, are not amortized, but instead are periodically reviewed for impairment. 
 
 F-12 

Table of Contents 
 QUEST DIAGNOSTICS INCORPORATED AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS CONTINUED 
 (in millions unless otherwise indicated) 

Investments 
 
 million, million, and million, respectively. See Note 8 for a discussion of the fair value of such investments. 
 Equity investments that do not have readily determinable fair values, which consist of investments in preferred and common shares of privately held companies. These investments are measured at cost minus impairment, if any, plus or minus changes resulting from observable price changes. The Company regularly evaluates these equity investments to determine if there are any indicators that the investment is impaired; impairment charges were recognized related to these investments for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020. The carrying value of these investments was million at both December 31, 2022 and 2021. Such amounts were included in other assets in the consolidated balance sheet. 
 million and million at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. See Note 8 for a discussion of the fair value of such investments. 
 
 Derivative Financial Instruments 

F-13 

Table of Contents 
 QUEST DIAGNOSTICS INCORPORATED AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS CONTINUED 
 (in millions unless otherwise indicated) 

Comprehensive Income (Loss) 

Advertising Costs 
 
 million, million and million, respectively. 
 
 New Accounting Standards 

F-14 

Table of Contents 
 QUEST DIAGNOSTICS INCORPORATED AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS CONTINUED 
 (in millions unless otherwise indicated) 

3. 
 
 of the Company s consolidated net revenues for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 and are primarily comprised of a high volume of relatively low-dollar transactions. The DIS business, which provides clinical testing services and other services, satisfies its performance obligation and recognizes revenues primarily upon completion of the testing process (when results are reported) or when services have been rendered. The Company estimates the amount of consideration it expects to be entitled to receive from customer groups in exchange for providing services using the portfolio approach. These estimates include the impact of contractual allowances (including payer denials), and patient price concessions, as discussed below. The portfolios determined using the portfolio approach consist of the following groups of customers: healthcare insurers, government payers (Medicare and Medicaid programs), client payers and patients. Contracts with customers in the DIS business do not contain significant financing components based on the typical period of time between performance of services and collection of consideration. 
 
 The process for estimating revenues and the ultimate collection of accounts receivable involves significant judgment and estimation. The Company follows a standard process, which considers historical denial and collection experience and other factors (including the period of time that the receivables have been outstanding), to estimate contractual allowances and implicit price concessions, recording adjustments in the current period as changes in estimates. Further adjustments to the allowances, based on actual receipts, may be recorded upon settlement. 
 
 The following are descriptions of the DIS business portfolios: 
 
 Healthcare Insurers 
 
 Reimbursements from healthcare insurers are based on negotiated fee-for-service schedules and on capitated payment rates. Under fee-for-service arrangements, healthcare insurers are billed at the Company's list price. Net revenues recognized consist of amounts billed net of contractual allowances for differences between amounts billed and the estimated consideration the Company expects to receive from such payers, which considers historical denial and collection experience and the terms of the Company s contractual arrangements. 
 
 Collection of the Company's net revenues from healthcare insurers is normally a function of providing complete and correct billing information to the healthcare insurers within the various filing deadlines and generally occurs within to days of billing. Provided the Company has billed healthcare insurers accurately with complete information prior to the established filing deadline, there has historically been little to no credit risk. If there has been a delay in billing, the Company determines if the amounts in question will likely go past the filing deadline, and if so, it will reserve accordingly for the billing. 
 
 Under capitated arrangements with healthcare insurers, the Company recognizes revenue based on a predetermined monthly reimbursement rate for each member of an insurer's health plan regardless of the number or cost of services provided by the Company. Healthcare insurers typically reimburse the Company under capitated arrangements in the same month services are performed, essentially giving rise to no outstanding accounts receivable at the end of a reporting period. If any capitated payments are not received on a timely basis, the Company determines the cause and makes a separate determination as to whether or not the collection of the amount from the healthcare insurer is at risk and, if so, would reserve accordingly. 
 
 Government Payers 
 
 F-15 

Table of Contents 
 QUEST DIAGNOSTICS INCORPORATED AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS CONTINUED 
 (in millions unless otherwise indicated) 

days of billing. Provided the Company has billed government payers accurately with complete information prior to the established filing deadline, there has historically been little to no credit risk. If there has been a delay in billing, the Company determines if the amounts in question will likely go past the filing deadline, and, if so, it will reserve for the billing accordingly. 
 
 Client Payers 
 
 Client payers include physicians, hospitals, ACOs, IDNs, employers, other commercial laboratories and institutions for which services are performed on a wholesale basis, and are billed based on negotiated fee schedules. Credit risk and ability to pay are more of a consideration for these payers than healthcare insurers and government payers. Collection of consideration the Company expects to receive generally occurs within to days of billing. 
 
 The Company principally estimates the allowance for credit losses for client payers based on historical collection experience, the current credit worthiness of the customers, current economic conditions, expectations of future economic conditions and the period of time that the receivables have been outstanding. To the extent that any individual client payers are identified that have deteriorated in credit quality, the Company establishes allowances based on the individual risk characteristics of such customers. 
 
 Patients 
 
 Uninsured patients are billed based on established patient fee schedules or fees negotiated with physicians on behalf of their patients. Insured patients (includes coinsurance and deductible responsibilities) are billed based on fees negotiated with healthcare insurers. Collection of billings from patients is subject to credit risk and ability of the patients to pay. Net revenues consist of amounts billed net of discounts provided to uninsured patients in accordance with the Company s policies and implicit price concessions. Implicit price concessions represent differences between amounts billed and the estimated consideration the Company expects to receive from patients, which considers historical collection experience (including the period of time that the receivables have been outstanding) and other factors including current market conditions. Patient billings are generally fully reserved for when the related service reaches days outstanding. Balances are automatically written off when they are sent to collection agencies. Allowances are further adjusted for estimated recoveries of amounts sent to collection agencies based on historical collection experience, which is regularly monitored. Collection of consideration the Company expects to receive generally occurs within to days of billing. 
 
 DS 
 
 The Company s DS businesses primarily satisfy their performance obligations and recognize revenues when delivery has occurred or services have been rendered. Collection of consideration the Company expects to receive generally occurs within to days of billing. 
 
 F-16 

Table of Contents 
 QUEST DIAGNOSTICS INCORPORATED AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS CONTINUED 
 (in millions unless otherwise indicated) 

Capitated Total healthcare insurers Government payers Client payers Patients (including coinsurance and deductible responsibilities) Total DIS DS Net revenues 
 
 For the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, substantially all of the Company s services were provided within the United States, see Note 20. 

Government payers Client payers Patients (including coinsurance and deductible responsibilities) Total DIS DS Net accounts receivable 

Provision for credit losses Write-offs of accounts receivable, net of recoveries ) Balance, December 31, 2021 Provision for credit losses Write-offs of accounts receivable, net of recoveries ) Balance, December 31, 2022 

F-17 

Table of Contents 
 QUEST DIAGNOSTICS INCORPORATED AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS CONTINUED 
 (in millions unless otherwise indicated) 

4. 

Less: Earnings allocated to participating securities Earnings available to Quest Diagnostics common stockholders basic and diluted 
 Weighted average common shares outstanding basic Effect of dilutive securities: Stock options and performance share units Weighted average common shares outstanding diluted Earnings per share attributable to Quest Diagnostics common stockholders: Basic Diluted 

F-18 

Table of Contents 
 QUEST DIAGNOSTICS INCORPORATED AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS CONTINUED 
 (in millions unless otherwise indicated) 

5. 

Facility-related costs Asset impairment charges Total restructuring charges 
 
 The restructuring charges incurred for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 were primarily associated with various workforce reduction initiatives as the Company continued to restructure its organization. Additionally, during the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company fully impaired certain property, plant and equipment (see Note 8). Of the total restructuring charges incurred during the year ended December 31, 2022, million, million and million were recorded in cost of services, selling, general and administrative expenses and other operating expense (income), net, respectively. Of the total restructuring charges incurred during the year ended December 31, 2021, million and million were recorded in cost of services and selling, general and administrative expenses, respectively. Of the total restructuring charges incurred during the year ended December 31, 2020, million and million were recorded in cost of services and selling, general and administrative expenses, respectively. 
 
 The employee separation costs for all periods presented were primarily recorded in the Company's DIS business. 

Income statement expense Cash payments ) ) ) Balance, December 31, 2021 
 Income statement expense Cash payments ) ) Balance, December 31, 2022 
 
 F-19 

Table of Contents 
 QUEST DIAGNOSTICS INCORPORATED AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS CONTINUED 
 (in millions unless otherwise indicated) 

6. 
 
 million, net of cash acquired, including the acquisition discussed below. The 2022 acquisitions resulted in goodwill of million, of which million is deductible for tax purposes. These acquisitions also resulted in million of intangible assets, principally comprised of customer-related intangible assets. 
 
 Acquisition of Pack Health, LLC 
 
 On February 1, 2022, the Company acquired Pack Health, LLC ("Pack Health"), a patient engagement company that helps individuals adopt healthier behaviors to improve outcomes, in an all cash transaction for million, net of million cash acquired, which consisted of cash consideration of million and contingent consideration initially estimated at million. The contingent consideration arrangement was dependent upon the achievement of certain revenue benchmarks. Based on the purchase price allocation, the assets acquired and liabilities assumed consist of million of goodwill (of which million was tax-deductible on the acquisition date), million of intangible assets, million of operating lease right-of-use assets, million of operating lease liabilities and ) million of working capital. The intangible assets consist primarily of customer-related assets which are being amortized over a useful life of years. For further details regarding the fair value of the contingent consideration, see Note 8. 
 
 2021 Acquisitions 
 
 During 2021, the Company completed acquisitions for an aggregate purchase price of million, net of cash acquired, including the acquisitions discussed below. The 2021 acquisitions resulted in goodwill of million, of which million is deductible for tax purposes. These acquisitions also resulted in million of intangible assets, principally comprised of customer-related intangible assets. 
 
 Acquisition of the outreach laboratory services business of Mercy Health 
 
 On June 1, 2021, the Company completed the acquisition of the outreach laboratory services business of Mercy Health ("Mercy Health"), which serves providers and patients in Arkansas, Kansas, Missouri and Oklahoma, in an all-cash transaction for million. Based on the purchase price allocation, the assets acquired primarily consist of million of tax-deductible goodwill and million of customer-related intangible assets. The intangible assets are being amortized over a useful life of years. 
 
 Acquisition of assets of Labtech Diagnostics, LLC 
 
 On December 13, 2021, the Company completed the acquisition of assets of Labtech Diagnostics, LLC ("Labtech"), an independent clinical diagnostic laboratory provider serving physicians and patients primarily in South Carolina, North Carolina, Florida and Georgia, in an all cash transaction for million, which consisted of cash consideration of million and contingent consideration estimated at million. The contingent consideration arrangement was dependent upon the achievement of certain testing volume benchmarks. Based on the purchase price allocation, which was finalized during the three months ended March 31, 2022, the assets acquired and liabilities assumed consist of million of goodwill (of which million was tax deductible on the acquisition date), million of intangible assets, million of property, plant and equipment, million of finance lease liabilities, million of operating lease right-of-use assets, million of operating lease liabilities, and million of inventories. The intangible assets consist primarily of customer-related assets which are being amortized over a useful life of years. For further details regarding the fair value of the contingent consideration, see Note 8. 
 
 2020 Acquisitions 
 
 During 2020, the Company completed acquisitions for an aggregate purchase price of million, net of cash acquired, including the acquisitions discussed below. The 2020 acquisitions resulted in goodwill of million, of which million is deductible for tax purposes. These acquisitions also resulted in million of intangible assets, principally comprised of customer-related and technology intangible assets. Net revenues attributable to the 2020 acquisitions were million for the year ended December 31, 2020. 
 F-20 

Table of Contents 
 QUEST DIAGNOSTICS INCORPORATED AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS CONTINUED 
 (in millions unless otherwise indicated) 

million, net of million cash acquired. Blueprint Genetics is a leading specialty genetic testing company with expertise in gene variant interpretation based on next generation sequencing and proprietary bioinformatics. Through the acquisition, the Company acquired all of Blueprint Genetics' operations. Based on the purchase price allocation, the assets acquired and liabilities assumed primarily consist of million of tax-deductible goodwill, million of intangible assets, and million of property, plant and equipment and working capital. The intangible assets primarily consist of technology and customer-related assets which are being amortized over a useful life of years and years, respectively. 
 
 Acquisition of the Outreach Laboratory Services Business of Memorial Hermann Health System 
 
 On April 6, 2020, the Company completed the acquisition of select assets which constitute substantially all of the operations of Memorial Hermann Diagnostic Laboratories, the outreach laboratory division of Memorial Hermann Health System ("Memorial Hermann"), in an all cash transaction for million. Memorial Hermann is a not-for-profit health system in Southeast Texas. Based on the purchase price allocation, the assets acquired primarily consist of million of tax-deductible goodwill and million of customer-related intangible assets. The intangible assets are being amortized over a useful life of years. 
 
 Acquisition of the Remaining Interest in Mid America Clinical Laboratories, LLC 
 
 On August 1, 2020, the Company completed the acquisition of the remaining interest in Mid America Clinical Laboratories, LLC ("MACL") from its joint venture partners in an all cash transaction for million, net of million cash acquired. MACL was the largest independent clinical laboratory provider in Indiana. Prior to the acquisition, the Company accounted for its interest in MACL as an equity method investment, which was remeasured to its fair value of million on the acquisition date, resulting in a gain of million that was recognized in other (expense) income, net in the consolidated statements of operations. The fair value of the previously held equity interest was determined using a discounted cash flow analysis that took into account, among other items, MACL's expected future cash flows, long-term growth rate ), and a discount rate commensurate with economic risk ). Based on the purchase price allocation, the assets acquired and liabilities assumed consist of million of goodwill (of which million is tax-deductible), million of intangible assets, million of working capital and million of property, plant and equipment. The intangible assets consist of customer-related assets which are being amortized over a useful life of years. As a result of the acquisition, MACL became a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company. 
 
 General Information 

7. 
 
 ownership interest in Q 2 Solutions ("Q 2 Solutions"), its clinical trials central laboratory services joint venture, to IQVIA Holdings, Inc. ("IQVIA"), its joint venture partner, for million in an all-cash transaction. Prior to the transaction, the Company accounted for its minority interest as an equity method investment. As a result of the transaction, during the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company recorded a million pre-tax gain in other (expense) income, net in the consolidated statement of operations based on the difference between the net sales proceeds and the carrying value of the investment, including million of cumulative translation losses which were previously recorded in accumulated other comprehensive loss. During the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company also recorded million 
 F-21 

Table of Contents 
 QUEST DIAGNOSTICS INCORPORATED AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS CONTINUED 
 (in millions unless otherwise indicated) 

million of current income tax expense, partially offset by million of deferred income tax benefit. 

8. 

Cash surrender value of life insurance policies Available-for-sale debt securities Total Liabilities: Deferred compensation liabilities Contingent consideration Total Redeemable noncontrolling interest December 31, 2021 Assets: Deferred compensation trading securities Cash surrender value of life insurance policies Equity investments Available-for-sale debt securities Total Liabilities: Deferred compensation liabilities Contingent consideration Total Redeemable noncontrolling interest 
 
 The Company offers certain employees the opportunity to participate in a non-qualified supplemental deferred compensation plan. A participant's deferrals, together with Company matching credits, are invested in a variety of participant-directed stock and bond mutual funds that are classified as trading securities. The trading securities are classified within Level 1 of the fair value hierarchy because the changes in the fair value of these securities, which are recorded in other assets in the Company's consolidated balance sheet, are measured using quoted prices in active markets based on the market price per unit multiplied by the number of units held, exclusive of any transaction costs. A corresponding adjustment for changes in fair value of the trading securities is also reflected in the changes in fair value of the deferred compensation obligation. The deferred compensation liabilities are classified within Level 2 of the fair value hierarchy because their inputs are derived principally from observable market data by correlation to the trading securities. 
 
 F-22 

Table of Contents 
 QUEST DIAGNOSTICS INCORPORATED AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS CONTINUED 
 (in millions unless otherwise indicated) 

million, that are to be paid based on the achievement of certain testing volume or revenue benchmarks. Contingent consideration accruals are measured at fair value using either an option-pricing method or a Monte Carlo method and are classified within Level 3 of the fair value hierarchy as the fair value is determined based on significant inputs that are not observable. Significant inputs include management s estimate of volume or revenue and other market inputs, including comparable company revenue volatility and a discount rate (ranging from to ). 

Purchases, additions and issuances Balance, December 31, 2021 Purchases, additions and issuances Settlements ) Total fair value adjustments included in earnings - realized/unrealized Balance, December 31, 2022 
 
 The million net loss included in earnings associated with the change in the fair value of contingent consideration for the year ended December 31, 2022 is reported in other operating expense (income), net. 
 
 In connection with the sale of an noncontrolling interest in a subsidiary to UMass Memorial Medical Center ("UMass") on July 1, 2015, the Company granted UMass the right to require the Company to purchase all of its interest in the subsidiary at fair value commencing July 1, 2020. As of December 31, 2022, the redeemable noncontrolling interest was presented at its fair value. The fair value measurement of the redeemable noncontrolling interest is classified within Level 3 of the fair value hierarchy because the fair value is based on a discounted cash flow analysis that takes into account, among other items, the joint venture's expected future cash flows, long-term growth rates, and a discount rate commensurate with economic risk. 
 F-23 

Table of Contents 
 QUEST DIAGNOSTICS INCORPORATED AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS CONTINUED 
 (in millions unless otherwise indicated) 

million impairment charge, which is included in other operating expense (income), net, in order to fully impair certain property, plant and equipment. The fair value measurement was classified within Level 3 of the fair value hierarchy as it was based on significant inputs that are not observable, including cash flow projections. 
 
 The carrying amounts of cash and cash equivalents, accounts receivable and accounts payable and accrued expenses approximate fair value based on the short maturities of these instruments. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the fair value of the Company s debt was estimated at billion and billion, respectively. Principally all of the Company's debt is classified within Level 1 of the fair value hierarchy because the fair value of the debt is estimated based on rates currently offered to the Company with identical terms and maturities, using quoted active market prices and yields, taking into account the underlying terms of the debt instruments. 

9. 
 
 billion, billion and billion from U.S. operations and pre-tax income (loss) of million, million and ) million from foreign operations for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 

State and local Foreign Deferred: Federal ) State and local ) Foreign ) ) Total 

State and local income taxes, net of federal benefit Impact of noncontrolling interests ) ) ) Adjustment to state deferred tax liabilities ) Excess tax benefits on stock-based compensation arrangements ) ) ) Return to provision true-ups ) ) ) Impact of equity earnings Changes in reserves for uncertain tax positions Change in valuation allowances associated with certain net operating losses Other, net ) ) ) Effective tax rate 

F-24 

Table of Contents 
 QUEST DIAGNOSTICS INCORPORATED AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS CONTINUED 
 (in millions unless otherwise indicated) 

Liabilities not currently deductible Stock-based compensation Basis differences in investments, joint ventures and subsidiaries ) ) Net operating loss carryforwards, net of valuation allowance Operating lease right-of-use assets ) ) Operating lease liabilities Depreciation and amortization ) ) Total non-current deferred tax liabilities, net ) ) 
 
 As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, non-current deferred tax liabilities of million and million, respectively, are included in other liabilities in the consolidated balance sheet. 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, the Company had estimated net operating loss carryforwards for federal and state income tax purposes of million and million, respectively, which expire at various dates through 2042. Estimated net operating loss carryforwards for foreign income tax purposes are million as of December 31, 2022, some of which can be carried forward indefinitely while others expire at various dates through 2032. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, deferred tax assets associated with net operating loss carryforwards of million and million, respectively, have each been reduced by valuation allowances of million and million, respectively. 
 
 Income taxes payable, including those classified as long-term in other liabilities in the consolidated balance sheet as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, were million and million, respectively. Prepaid income taxes were million and million as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, and were recorded in prepaid expenses and other current assets in the consolidated balance sheet. 

Additions: For tax positions of current year For tax positions of prior years Reductions: Changes in judgment ) ) ) Expirations of statutes of limitations ) ) ) Settlements ) ) Balance, end of year 
 
 The contingent liabilities for tax positions primarily relate to uncertainties associated with the realization of tax benefits derived from the allocation of income and expense among state jurisdictions, the characterization and timing of certain tax deductions associated with business combinations, certain tax credits and the deductibility of certain expenses and settlement payments. 
 
 The total amount of unrecognized tax benefits as of December 31, 2022, that, if recognized, would affect the effective income tax rate is million. Based upon the expiration of statutes of limitations, settlements and/or the conclusion of tax examinations, the Company believes it is reasonably possible that the total amount of unrecognized tax benefits may decrease by up to million within the next twelve months. 
 
 F-25 

Table of Contents 
 QUEST DIAGNOSTICS INCORPORATED AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS CONTINUED 
 (in millions unless otherwise indicated) 

million, ) million and million, respectively. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company had approximately million and million, respectively, accrued, net of the benefit of a federal and state deduction, for the payment of interest on uncertain tax positions. 
 
 The recognition and measurement of certain tax benefits includes estimates and judgment by management and inherently involves subjectivity. Changes in estimates may create volatility in the Company's effective tax rate in future periods and may be due to settlements with various tax authorities (either favorable or unfavorable), the expiration of the statute of limitations on certain tax positions and obtaining new information about particular tax positions that may cause management to change its estimates. 
 
 In the regular course of business, various federal, state, local and foreign tax authorities conduct examinations of the Company's income tax filings and the Company generally remains subject to examination until the statute of limitations expires for the respective jurisdiction. The Internal Revenue Service has either completed its examinations of the Company's consolidated federal income tax returns or the statute of limitations has expired up through and including the 2018 tax year. At this time, the Company does not believe that there will be any material additional payments beyond its recorded contingent liability reserves that may be required as a result of these tax audits. As of December 31, 2022, a summary of the tax years that remain subject to examination, awaiting approval, are under appeal, or are otherwise unresolved for the Company's major jurisdictions are: 
 
 United States - federal 2019 - 2021 

F-26 

Table of Contents 
 QUEST DIAGNOSTICS INCORPORATED AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS CONTINUED 
 (in millions unless otherwise indicated) 

10. 

Amortization expense Depreciation and amortization expense Interest expense ) ) ) Interest income Interest expense, net ) ) ) Interest paid Income taxes paid Accounts payable associated with capital expenditures Accounts payable associated with purchases of treasury stock Dividend payable Dividends received from equity method investees Businesses acquired: Fair value of assets acquired Fair value of liabilities assumed Fair value of net assets acquired Merger consideration payable ) ) Cash paid for business acquisitions Less: Cash acquired Business acquisitions, net of cash acquired 
 
 2022 2021 2020 Leases: Cash paid for amounts included in the measurement of lease liabilities: Operating cash flows from operating leases Operating cash flows from finance leases Financing cash flows from finance leases Leased assets obtained in exchange for new operating lease liabilities 
 
 During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company amended a real estate lease and, based on the updated terms, the classification of the lease changed from a finance lease to an operating lease. As a result, the Company recorded a million operating lease right-of-use asset. 
 
 During the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, costs associated with donations, contributions, and other financial support through Quest for Health Equity, the Company's initiative with the Quest Diagnostics Foundation to reduce health disparities in underserved communities, were million, million and million, respectively. Such amounts are included in selling, general and administrative expenses in the Company's consolidated statement of operations. Costs incurred during the year ended December 31, 2022 will be donated and contributed over several years. 
 F-27 

Table of Contents 
 QUEST DIAGNOSTICS INCORPORATED AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS CONTINUED 
 (in millions unless otherwise indicated) 

11. 

Buildings and improvements Laboratory equipment and furniture and fixtures Leasehold improvements Computer software developed or obtained for internal use Construction-in-progress Less: Accumulated depreciation and amortization ) ) Total 

12. 

Goodwill acquired during the year Adjustments to goodwill ) Balance, end of year 
 
 Principally all of the Company s goodwill as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 was associated with its DIS business. 
 
 For the year ended December 31, 2022, goodwill acquired was principally associated with the acquisition of Pack Health (see Note 6). For the year ended December 31, 2022, adjustments to goodwill related to an adjustment of the purchase price allocation for Labtech, partially offset by foreign currency translation. 
 
 For the year ended December 31, 2021, goodwill acquired was principally associated with the acquisitions of the assets of the outreach laboratory business of Mercy Health and the assets of Labtech (see Note 6). For the year ended December 31, 2021, adjustments to goodwill related to foreign currency translation. 

F-28 

Table of Contents 
 QUEST DIAGNOSTICS INCORPORATED AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS CONTINUED 
 (in millions unless otherwise indicated) 

) ) Non-compete agreements ) ) Technology ) ) Other ) ) Total ) ) Intangible assets not subject to amortization: 
 Trade names 
 Other Total intangible assets 
 ) ) 

2024 2025 2026 2027 Thereafter Total 

13. 
 
 Accrued expenses Trade accounts payable Overdrafts Dividend payable Accrued insurance Accrued interest Merger consideration payable Income taxes payable Total 
 
 F-29 

Table of Contents 
 QUEST DIAGNOSTICS INCORPORATED AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS CONTINUED 
 (in millions unless otherwise indicated) 

14. 

Senior Notes due April 2024 
 Senior Notes due March 2025 
 Senior Notes due June 2026 
 Senior Notes due June 2029 
 Senior Notes due June 2030 
 Senior Notes due June 2031 
 Senior Notes due July 2037 
 Senior Notes due January 2040 
 Senior Notes due March 2045 
 Other Debt issuance costs ) ) Total long-term debt Less: Current portion of long-term debt Total long-term debt, net of current portion 
 
 Finance Lease 
 
 During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company amended a real estate lease and, based on the updated terms, the classification of the lease changed from a finance lease to an operating lease. As of December 31, 2021, the million carrying value of the finance lease was included in "other" in the table above. 
 
 Secured Receivables Credit Facility 
 
 During October 2022, the Company amended its secured receivables credit facility (the Secured Receivables Credit Facility ), previously amended in October 2021, to extend the maturity dates for each underlying commitment by , while decreasing the aggregate borrowing capacity under the facility from million to million. Under the Secured Receivables Credit Facility, the Company can borrow against a million loan commitment, half of which matures in October 2023 and half of which matures in October 2024. Additionally, the Company can issue up to million of letters of credit (see Note 19) through October 2024. Borrowings under the Secured Receivables Credit Facility are collateralized by certain domestic receivables. Interest on borrowings under the facility is based on either commercial paper rates for highly-rated issuers or the Term Secured Overnight Financing Rate, plus a spread of to . The Secured Receivables Credit Facility is subject to customary affirmative and negative covenants and certain financial covenants with respect to the receivables that comprise the borrowing base and secure the borrowings under the facility. As of both December 31, 2022 and 2021, there were outstanding borrowings under the Secured Receivables Credit Facility. 
 F-30 

Table of Contents 
 QUEST DIAGNOSTICS INCORPORATED AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS CONTINUED 
 (in millions unless otherwise indicated) 

million senior unsecured revolving credit facility (the Credit Facility or "Senior Unsecured Revolving Credit Facility") which matures in November 2026. Under the Credit Facility, the Company can issue letters of credit totaling million (see Note 19). Issued letters of credit reduce the available borrowing capacity under the Credit Facility. Interest on the Credit Facility is based on certain published rates plus an applicable margin based on changes in the Company's public debt ratings. At the option of the Company, it may elect to lock into LIBOR-based interest rates for periods up to six months. Interest on any outstanding amounts not covered under LIBOR-based interest rate contracts is based on an alternate base rate, which is calculated by reference to the prime rate, the federal funds rate or an adjusted LIBOR rate. As of December 31, 2022, the Company's borrowing rate for LIBOR-based loans under the Credit Facility was LIBOR plus . The Credit Facility contains various covenants, including the maintenance of a financial leverage ratio, which could impact the Company's ability to, among other things, incur additional indebtedness. As of both December 31, 2022 and 2021, there were outstanding borrowings under the Senior Unsecured Revolving Credit Facility. 
 
 Senior Notes 
 
 All of the senior notes are unsecured obligations of the Company and rank equally with the Company's other senior unsecured obligations. None of the Company's senior notes have a sinking fund requirement. 
 
 The Company may redeem its outstanding senior notes prior to scheduled maturity, as a whole or in part, at a redemption price equal to the present value of the remaining scheduled payments of principal and interest, except for certain notes for which the Company also has an option to redeem such instruments at par value on or after dates specified in the indentures governing the notes ("the par value redemption option"). For notes with the par value redemption option, if such notes are redeemed prior to the specified dates, the redemption price calculations exclude any interest that would have been due after such dates. 
 
 Maturities of Long-Term Debt 

2024 2025 2026 2027 Thereafter Total maturities of long-term debt Unamortized discount ) Debt issuance costs ) Fair value basis adjustments attributable to hedged debt Total long-term debt Less: Current portion of long-term debt Total long-term debt, net of current portion 
 
 F-31 

Table of Contents 
 QUEST DIAGNOSTICS INCORPORATED AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS CONTINUED 
 (in millions unless otherwise indicated) 

15. 
 For the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, lease expense associated with short-term leases was not material. 
 
 The Company primarily uses its collateralized incremental borrowing rate in determining the present value of lease payments as the Company's leases generally do not provide an implicit rate. Such incremental borrowing rates, which take into account interest rates offered to companies that have similar credit ratings to the Company, are determined using a portfolio approach which groups the Company s leases based on tenor. 
 
 The Company has lease agreements with (i) right-of-use asset payments and (ii) non-lease components (i.e., payments related to maintenance fees, utilities, etc.) which have been combined and accounted for as a single lease component. 
 
 The Company's leases have remaining terms of less than year to years, some of which include options to extend the leases for up to years. The Company's lease terms may include renewal options that are reasonably certain to be exercised and termination options that are reasonably certain not to be exercised. Certain leases also include options to purchase the leased property. 
 
 Certain of the Company's lease agreements include rental payments adjusted periodically for inflation or a market rate which are included in the lease liabilities. 
 
 During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company amended a real estate lease and, based on the updated terms, the classification of the lease changed from a finance lease to an operating lease. As a result, the Company recorded a million operating lease right-of-use asset. 

Finance Property, plant and equipment, net (a) Total lease assets Liabilities Current: Operating Current portion of long-term operating lease liabilities Finance Current portion of long-term debt Non-current: Operating Long-term operating lease liabilities Finance Long-term debt Total lease liabilities 
 
 (a) Finance lease assets as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 were recorded net of accumulated amortization of million and million, respectively. 
 F-32 

Table of Contents 
 QUEST DIAGNOSTICS INCORPORATED AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS CONTINUED 
 (in millions unless otherwise indicated) 

Finance lease cost: Amortization of leased assets Interest on lease liabilities Net lease cost 
 
 (a) Includes short-term leases and variable lease costs (primarily usage-based maintenance fees and utilities related to real estate leases and certain equipment-related and vehicle-related costs) of million, million and million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 

2024 2025 2026 2027 Thereafter Total lease payments Less: Interest Present value of lease liabilities 

Finance leases Weighted-average discount rate: Operating leases Finance leases 
 
 The Company's discount rates for its operating leases were primarily determined using the Company's incremental borrowing rate. 
 
 See Note 10 for cash flow information on cash paid for amounts included in the measurement of lease liabilities and leased assets obtained in exchange for new operating lease liabilities for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020. 

F-33 

Table of Contents 
 QUEST DIAGNOSTICS INCORPORATED AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS CONTINUED 
 (in millions unless otherwise indicated) 

16. 

(a) As of both December 31, 2022 and 2021, the entire balance is associated with remaining unamortized hedging adjustments on discontinued relationships. 
 
 The following table presents the effect of fair value hedge accounting on the consolidated statements of operations for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively: 
 2022 2021 2020 Other (expense) income, net Other (expense) income, net Other (expense) income, net Total for line item in which the effects of fair value hedges are recorded ) Gain (loss) on fair value hedging relationships: Hedged items (Long-term debt) ) Derivatives designated as hedging instruments 

17. 
 million shares of Series Preferred Stock, par value per share. The Company's Board of Directors has the authority to issue such shares without stockholder approval and to determine the designations, preferences, rights and restrictions of such shares. shares are currently outstanding. 
 
 Common Stock 
 
 Under the Company's Restated Certificate of Incorporation the number of authorized shares of common stock, par value per share, is million shares. 
 F-34 

Table of Contents 
 QUEST DIAGNOSTICS INCORPORATED AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS CONTINUED 
 (in millions unless otherwise indicated) 
 
 ) ) ) Other comprehensive income before reclassifications Amounts reclassified from accumulated other comprehensive loss 
 Net current period other comprehensive income Balance, December 31, 2020 ) ) ) ) Other comprehensive loss before reclassifications ) ) ) Amounts reclassified from accumulated other comprehensive loss 
 Net current period other comprehensive income (loss) ) Balance, December 31, 2021 ) ) ) Other comprehensive loss before reclassifications ) ) Amounts reclassified from accumulated other comprehensive loss Net current period other comprehensive (loss) income ) ) Balance, December 31, 2022 ) ) ) 
 
 On April 1, 2021, the Company sold its ownership interest in Q 2 Solutions, its clinical trials central laboratory services joint venture, to IQVIA, its joint venture partner. As a result of the transaction, during the year ended December 31, 2021, million of cumulative translation losses were reclassified from accumulated other comprehensive loss to other (expense) income, net. See Note 7 for further details. 
 
 Additionally, for the year ended December 31, 2020, million of cumulative translation losses were reclassified from accumulated other comprehensive loss to other operating expense (income), net as a result of the sale of foreign subsidiaries. 
 
 F-35 

Table of Contents 
 QUEST DIAGNOSTICS INCORPORATED AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS CONTINUED 
 (in millions unless otherwise indicated) 

per common share. During each of the four quarters of 2021, the Company's Board of Directors declared a quarterly cash dividend of per common share. During each of the four quarters of 2020, the Company's Board of Directors declared a quarterly cash dividend of per common share. In February 2023, the Company announced that its Board of Directors authorized a increase in its quarterly cash dividend from to per share, or per share annually, commencing with the dividend payable in April 2023. 
 
 Share Repurchase Program 
 
 In February 2022, the Company's Board of Directors increased the size of its share repurchase program by billion. As of December 31, 2022, billion remained available under the Company's share repurchase authorization. 
 
 In February 2023, the Company announced that its Board of Directors authorized the Company to repurchase an additional billion of the Company's common stock. The share repurchase authorization has no set expiration or termination date. 
 
 Share Repurchases 
 
 For the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company repurchased million shares of its common stock for billion. 
 
 For the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company repurchased million shares of its common stock for billion, including shares repurchased under ASRs. The repurchases during the year included an accrual of million recorded in accounts payable and accrued expenses in the consolidated balance sheet for share repurchases not settled until after December 31, 2021. 
 
 In April 2021, the Company entered into ASRs with several financial institutions to repurchase its common stock as part of a share repurchase program. Each of the ASRs was structured to permit the Company to purchase shares immediately with the final purchase price of those shares determined by the volume-weighted average price of the Company's common stock during the repurchase period, less a fixed discount, and was accounted for as two transactions: (1) a treasury stock repurchase and (2) a forward contract. During the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company paid billion to the financial institutions and received million shares of its common stock under the ASRs. 
 
 For the year ended December 31, 2020, the Company repurchased million shares of its common stock for million. 
 
 Shares Reissued from Treasury Stock 
 
 For the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, the Company reissued million shares, million shares and million shares, respectively, from treasury stock for shares issued under the Employee Stock Purchase Plan ("ESPP") and stock-based compensation program. 
 
 Treasury Stock Retirement 
 
 During the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company retired million shares of treasury stock. In accordance with the Company's policy, the amount paid to repurchase the shares in excess of par value was allocated between retained earnings and additional paid-in capital based on a pro-rata allocation of additional paid-in capital at the time of the share retirement. 
 F-36 

Table of Contents 
 QUEST DIAGNOSTICS INCORPORATED AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS CONTINUED 
 (in millions unless otherwise indicated) 

noncontrolling interest in a subsidiary to UMass on July 1, 2015, the Company granted UMass the right to require the Company to purchase all of its interest in the subsidiary at fair value commencing July 1, 2020. The subsidiary performs diagnostic information services in a defined territory within the state of Massachusetts. Since the redemption of the noncontrolling interest is outside of the Company's control, it has been presented outside of stockholders' equity at the greater of its carrying amount or its fair value. The Company records changes in the fair value of the noncontrolling interest immediately as they occur. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the redeemable noncontrolling interest was million and million, respectively, and was presented at its fair value. 

18. 
 from date of grant. No stock appreciation rights have been granted under the ELTIP. Under the ELTIP, awards are subject to forfeiture if employment terminates prior to the end of the vesting period prescribed by the Board of Directors. For all award types, the vesting period is generally over from the date of grant. For performance share units, the actual amount of shares earned is based on the achievement of the performance goals specified in the awards. The performance goals for awards granted in 2020, 2021 and 2022 were based on the financial performance of the Company, as well as relative TSR. The maximum number of shares of Company common stock in respect of which awards may be granted under the ELTIP is approximately million shares. 
 
 The DLTIP provides for the grant to non-employee directors of non-qualified stock options to purchase shares of Company common stock at an exercise price no less than the fair market value of the Company's common stock on the date of grant. The DLTIP also permits awards of restricted stock and restricted stock units to non-employee directors. Stock options granted under the DLTIP expire on the date designated by the Board of Directors but in no event more than from date of grant. For all award types, the vesting period is generally over from the date of grant, regardless of whether the award recipient remains a director of the Company. The maximum number of shares that may be issued under the DLTIP is million shares. For the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, grants under the DLTIP totaled thousand shares, thousand shares and thousand shares, respectively. 
 
 The Company's practice had been to issue shares related to its stock-based compensation program from shares of its common stock held in treasury or by issuing new shares of its common stock. In January 2021, the Company began to issue shares related to its ESPP and stock-based compensation program solely from common stock held in treasury. See Note 17 for further information regarding the Company's share repurchase program. 
 
 The fair value of each stock option award granted was estimated on the date of grant using a Black-Scholes option-valuation model. The expected volatility under the Black-Scholes option-valuation model was based on historical volatilities of the Company's common stock. The dividend yield was based on the approved annual dividend rate in effect and current market price of the underlying common stock at the time of grant. The risk-free interest rate was based on the U.S. Treasury yield curve in effect at the time of grant for bonds with maturities consistent with the expected holding period of the related award. The expected holding period was estimated using the historical stock option exercise behavior of employees. The Black-Scholes option-valuation model also incorporates the average market price of the Company's common stock at the date of grant. 
 F-37 

Table of Contents 
 QUEST DIAGNOSTICS INCORPORATED AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS CONTINUED 
 (in millions unless otherwise indicated) 

Expected volatility Dividend yield Risk-free interest rate Expected holding period, in years 

Options granted Options exercised ) Options forfeited and canceled ) Options outstanding, end of year Exercisable, end of year Vested and expected to vest, end of year 
 
 The aggregate intrinsic value in the table above represents the total pre-tax intrinsic value (the difference between the Company's closing common stock price on the last trading day of 2022 and the exercise price, multiplied by the number of in-the-money options) that would have been received by the option holders had all option holders exercised their options on December 31, 2022. This amount changes based on the fair market value of the Company's common stock. Total intrinsic value of options exercised in 2022, 2021 and 2020 was million, million and million, respectively. 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, there was million of unrecognized stock-based compensation cost related to nonvested stock options which is expected to be recognized over a weighted average period of years. 
 
 The fair value of restricted stock awards and restricted stock units is the average market price of the Company's common stock at the date of grant. For performance share units with a goal based on the financial performance of the Company, the fair value is based on the average market price of the Company's common stock at the date of grant, adjusted for the present value of dividends expected to be paid on the Company's common stock during the vesting period. For performance share units with a market-based relative TSR goal, the fair value is estimated on the date of grant using a Monte Carlo valuation model. The expected volatility under the Monte Carlo valuation model is based on the historical volatility of the common stock of the Company and the common stock of the companies in the peer index. The dividend yield is based on the approved annual dividend rate in effect and current market price of the underlying common stock at the time of grant. The risk-free interest rate is based on the U.S. Treasury yield curve in effect at the time of grant for bonds with maturities consistent with the performance period of the related award. 
 F-38 

Table of Contents 
 QUEST DIAGNOSTICS INCORPORATED AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS CONTINUED 
 (in millions unless otherwise indicated) 

Expected volatility Dividend yield Risk-free interest rate 

Shares granted Shares vested ) ) ) Shares forfeited and canceled ) Shares outstanding, end of year 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, there was million of unrecognized stock-based compensation cost related to nonvested stock awards, which is expected to be recognized over a weighted average period of years. Total fair value of shares vested was million, million and million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. For performance share units with a goal based on financial performance of the Company, the amount of unrecognized stock-based compensation cost is subject to change based on changes, if any, to management's best estimates of the achievement of the performance goals specified in such awards and the resulting number of shares that will be earned at the end of the performance periods. 
 
 For the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, stock-based compensation expense totaled million, million and million, respectively. Income tax benefits recognized in the consolidated statements of operations related to stock-based compensation expense totaled million, million and million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively, which includes excess tax benefits associated with stock-based compensation arrangements of million, million and million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 
 Employee Stock Purchase Plan 
 
 Under the Company's ESPP, substantially all employees can elect to have up to of their annual wages withheld to purchase Quest Diagnostics common stock. The purchase price of the stock is of the market price of the Company's common stock on the last business day of each calendar month. Under the ESPP, the maximum number of shares of Quest Diagnostics common stock which may be purchased by eligible employees is million. Approximately thousand shares, thousand shares and thousand shares of common stock were purchased by eligible employees in 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 
 Defined Contribution Plans 
 
 The Company maintains qualified defined contribution plans covering substantially all of its employees. The maximum Company matching contribution is of eligible employee compensation. During 2020, the Company temporarily suspended matching contributions for certain qualified defined contribution plans; matching contributions were reinstated in the third quarter of 2020. The Company's expense for contributions to its defined contribution plans aggregated million, million and million for 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 
 F-39 

Table of Contents 
 QUEST DIAGNOSTICS INCORPORATED AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS CONTINUED 
 (in millions unless otherwise indicated) 

of their salary in excess of their defined contribution plan limits and for certain eligible employees, up to of their variable incentive compensation. The maximum Company matching contribution is of eligible employee compensation. The compensation deferred under this plan, together with Company matching amounts, are credited with earnings or losses measured by the mirrored rate of return on investments elected by plan participants. Each plan participant is fully vested in all deferred compensation, Company match and earnings credited to their account. The amounts accrued under the Company's deferred compensation plans were million and million as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Although the Company is currently contributing all participant deferrals and matching amounts to a trust, the funds in this trust, totaling million and million as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, are general assets of the Company and are subject to any claims of the Company's creditors. 
 
 The Company also offers certain employees the opportunity to participate in a non-qualified deferred compensation program. The Company matches employee contributions equal to , up to a maximum of thousand per plan year. A participant's deferrals, together with Company matching credits, are invested at the direction of the employee in a hypothetical portfolio of investments which are tracked by an administrator. Each participant is fully vested in their deferred compensation and vests in Company matching contributions over a period of at per year. This plan was amended effective January 1, 2018 so that future deferrals under the plan may only be made by participants who made deferrals under the plan in 2017. The amounts accrued under this plan were million and million as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The Company purchases life insurance policies, with the Company named as beneficiary of the policies, for the purpose of funding the program's liability. The cash surrender value of such life insurance policies was million and million as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 
 For each of the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, the Company's expense for matching contributions to these plans was not material. 

19. 
 
 million in letters of credit under the Secured Receivables Credit Facility were outstanding as of December 31, 2022. The letters of credit primarily represent collateral for current and future automobile liability and workers compensation loss payments. 
 
 The Company has certain noncancelable commitments, primarily under take-or-pay arrangements, to purchase products or services from various suppliers, mainly for consulting and other service agreements, and standing orders to purchase reagents and other laboratory supplies. As of December 31, 2022, the approximate total future purchase commitments are million, of which million are expected to be incurred in 2023, million are expected to be incurred in 2024 through 2025 and the balance thereafter. 
 
 F-40 

Table of Contents 
 QUEST DIAGNOSTICS INCORPORATED AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS CONTINUED 
 (in millions unless otherwise indicated) 

agreement with a third party to outsource its billing and related operations for the majority of the Company s revenues. Services under the agreement commenced during the fourth quarter of 2016. The agreement includes an annual fee, which is subject to adjustment based on certain changes in the Company's requisition volume and the achievement of various performance metrics. 
 
 Contingent Lease Obligations 
 
 The Company remains subject to contingent obligations under certain real estate leases, including real estate leases that were entered into by certain predecessor companies of a subsidiary prior to the Company's acquisition of the subsidiary. While over the course of many years, the title to certain properties and interest in the subject leases have been transferred to third parties and the subject leases have been amended several times by such third parties, the lessors have not formally released the subsidiary predecessor companies from their original obligations under the leases and therefore remain contingently liable in the event of default. The remaining terms of the lease obligations and the Company's corresponding indemnifications range up to years. The lease payments under certain leases are subject to market value adjustments and contingent rental payments and therefore, the total contingent obligations under the leases cannot be precisely determined but are likely to total several hundred million dollars. A claim against the Company would be made only upon the current lessee's default and, in certain cases, after a series of claims and corresponding defaults by third parties that precede the Company in the order of liability. The Company also has certain indemnification rights from other parties to recover losses in the event of default on the lease obligations. The Company believes that the likelihood of its performance under these contingent obligations is remote and no liability has been recorded for any potential payments under the contingent lease obligations. 
 
 Certain Legal Matters 
 
 The Company may incur losses associated with these proceedings and investigations, but it is not possible to estimate the amount of loss or range of loss, if any, that might result from adverse judgments, settlements, fines, penalties, or other resolution of these proceedings and investigations based on the stage of these proceedings and investigations, the absence of specific allegations as to alleged damages, the uncertainty as to the certification of a class or classes and the size of any certified class, if applicable, and/or the lack of resolution of significant factual and legal issues. The Company has insurance coverage rights in place (limited in amount; subject to deductible) for certain potential costs and liabilities related to these proceedings and investigations. 
 
 401(k) Plan Lawsuit 
 
 In 2020, two putative class action lawsuits were filed in the U.S. District Court for New Jersey against the Company and other defendants with respect to the Company s 401(k) plan. The complaint alleges, among other things, that the fiduciaries of the 401(k) plan breached their duties by failing to disclose the expenses and risks of plan investment options, allowing unreasonable administration expenses to be charged to plan participants, and selecting and retaining high cost and poor performing investments. In October 2020, the court consolidated the two lawsuits under the caption In re: Quest Diagnostics ERISA Litigation and plaintiffs filed a consolidated amended complaint. In May 2021, the court denied the Company's motion to dismiss the complaint. Discovery is proceeding. 
 
 AMCA Data Security Incident 
 
 On June 3, 2019, the Company reported that Retrieval-Masters Creditors Bureau, Inc./American Medical Collection Agency AMCA had informed the Company and Optum360 LLC that an unauthorized user had access to AMCA s system between August 1, 2018 and March 30, 2019 (the AMCA Data Security Incident ). Optum360 provides revenue management services to the Company, and AMCA provided debt collection services to Optum360. AMCA first informed the Company of the AMCA Data Security Incident on May 14, 2019. AMCA s affected system included financial information (e.g., credit card numbers and bank account information), medical information and other personal information (e.g., social security numbers). Test results were not included. Neither Optum360 s nor the Company s systems or databases were involved in the incident. AMCA also informed the Company that information pertaining to other laboratories customers was also affected. Following announcement of the AMCA Data Security Incident, AMCA sought protection under the U.S. bankruptcy laws. The bankruptcy proceeding has been dismissed. 
 
 F-41 

Table of Contents 
 QUEST DIAGNOSTICS INCORPORATED AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS CONTINUED 
 (in millions unless otherwise indicated) 

F-42 

Table of Contents 
 QUEST DIAGNOSTICS INCORPORATED AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS CONTINUED 
 (in millions unless otherwise indicated) 

million and million as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively. 
 
 Reserves for General and Professional Liability Claims 
 
 million and million as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively. Management believes that established reserves and present insurance coverage are sufficient to cover currently estimated exposures. 

20. 
 
 of net revenues in 2022, 2021 and 2020. 
 
 All other operating segments include the Company's DS businesses, which consist of its risk assessment services and healthcare information technology businesses. The Company's DS businesses are the leading provider of risk assessment services for the life insurance industry and offer healthcare organizations and clinicians robust information technology solutions. 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, substantially all of the Company s services were provided within the United States, and substantially all of the Company s assets were located within the United States. 
 
 F-43 

Table of Contents 
 QUEST DIAGNOSTICS INCORPORATED AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS CONTINUED 
 (in millions unless otherwise indicated) 

All other operating segments Total net revenues Operating earnings (loss): DIS business All other operating segments General corporate activities ) ) ) Total operating income Non-operating (expense) income, net ) ) Income before income taxes and equity in earnings of equity method investees Income tax expense ) ) ) Equity in earnings of equity method investees, net of taxes Net income Less: Net income attributable to noncontrolling interests Net income attributable to Quest Diagnostics 
 
 Depreciation and amortization expense for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 were as follows: 
 
 2022 2021 2020 DIS business All other operating segments General corporate Total depreciation and amortization 
 
 F-44 

Table of Contents 
 QUEST DIAGNOSTICS INCORPORATED AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS CONTINUED 
 (in millions unless otherwise indicated) 

All other operating segments General corporate Total capital expenditures 
 
 The approximate percentage of net revenues by major service for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 was as follows: 
 2022 2021 2020 Routine clinical testing and other services COVID-19 testing services Gene-based and esoteric (including advanced diagnostics) testing services Anatomic pathology testing services All other Net revenues 

21. 

F-45 

<EX-4.32>
 2
 dgx12312022ex432.htm
 EX-4.32

Document 
 Exhibit 4.32 

 DESCRIPTION OF COMMON STOCK REGISTERED PURSUANT TO SECTION 12 OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 General 
 The following is a description of the material terms of the common stock, par value 0.01 per share common stock of Quest Diagnostics Incorporated (the Company included in our restated certificate of incorporation and our amended and restated by-laws and is only a summary. You should refer to our restated certificate of incorporation, as amended, and our amended and restated by-laws, which are incorporated by reference as exhibits to this Annual Report on Form 10-K, for more information. 
 Our authorized capital stock consists of 600,000,000 shares of common stock and 10,000,000 shares of series preferred stock, par value 1.00 per share preferred stock ). 
 Common Stock 
 Holders of our common stock are entitled to receive, as, when and if declared by our board of directors, dividends and other distributions in cash, stock or property from our assets or funds legally available for those purposes, subject to any dividend preferences that may be attributable to preferred stock. Holders of common stock are entitled to one vote for each share held of record on all matters on which stockholders may vote. Holders of common stock are not entitled to cumulative voting for the election of directors. There are no preemptive, conversion, redemption or sinking fund provisions applicable to our common stock. All outstanding shares of our common stock are fully paid and non-assessable. In the event of our liquidation, dissolution or winding up, holders of common stock are entitled to share ratably in the assets available for distribution, subject to any prior rights of any holders of preferred stock then outstanding. 
 Our common stock is traded on the New York Stock Exchange under the symbol DGX. 
 Delaware Law and our Certificate of Incorporation and By-Law Provisions may have an Anti-Takeover Effect 
 Provisions in our restated certificate of incorporation, amended and restated by-laws and Delaware law could make it harder for someone to acquire us through a tender offer, proxy contest or otherwise. 
 Section 203 of the Delaware General Corporation Law 
 We are governed by the provisions of Section 203 of the Delaware General Corporation Law, which provides that a person who owns (or within three years, did own) 15 or more of a company s voting stock is an interested stockholder. Section 203 prohibits a public Delaware corporation from engaging in a business combination with an interested stockholder for a period commencing three years from the date in which the person became an interested stockholder unless 
 the board of directors approved the transaction that resulted in the stockholder becoming an interested stockholder 
 AMERICAS 2023618634.2 1 
 234141.1 

Exhibit 4.32 

upon consummation of the transaction that resulted in the stockholder becoming an interested stockholder, the interested stockholder owns at least 85 of the voting stock of the corporation (excluding shares owned by officers, directors, or certain employee stock purchase plans) or 
 at or subsequent to the time the transaction is approved by the board of directors, there is an affirmative vote of at least 66.67 of the outstanding voting stock. 
 Section 203 could prohibit or delay mergers or other takeover attempts against us and accordingly, may discourage attempts to acquire us through tender offer, proxy contest or otherwise. 
 Potential Issuances of Preferred Stock 
 Our restated certificate of incorporation permits us to issue, without prior permission from our stockholders, up to 10,000,000 shares of preferred stock. 
 Our board of directors may, without further action of the stockholders, issue undesignated preferred stock in one or more classes or series. Any undesignated preferred stock issued by us may rank prior to our common stock as to dividend rights, liquidation preference or both have full or limited voting rights and be convertible into shares of common stock or other securities. 
 The powers, designations, preferences and relative, participating, optional or other special rights, and qualifications, limitations or restrictions, including dividend rights, voting rights, conversion rights, terms of redemption and liquidation preferences, of the preferred stock of each series will be fixed or designated by our board of directors pursuant to a certificate of designation. 
 The preferred stock will, when issued, be fully paid and non-assessable. 
 Although our board of directors has no intention at the present time of doing so, it could issue a class or series of preferred stock that could, depending on the terms of such class or series, impede completion of a merger, tender offer or other takeover attempt that some, or a majority, of stockholders might believe to be in their best interests or in which stockholders might receive a premium for their shares over the then-current market price of such shares. 
 Special Meetings 
 Special meetings of the stockholders may be called by our board of directors or by written request of stockholders owning not less than fifteen percent (15 in the aggregate of our common stock and who have held that amount in a net long position continuously for at least one (1) year. 
 Stockholder Action by Written Consent 
 Our restated certificate of incorporation permits stockholders to take action by written consent in lieu of a meeting of stockholders, with not less than the minimum number of votes that would be necessary to take such action if the matter was presented at a meeting of stockholders at which all shares entitled to vote thereon were present and voted. 
 AMERICAS 2023618634.2 2 
 234141.1 

Exhibit 4.32 

Limitations on Liability and Indemnification of Officers and Directors 
 Our restated certificate of incorporation limits the liability of directors to the fullest extent permitted by Delaware law. Delaware law provides that directors of a corporation will not be personally liable for monetary damages for breach of their fiduciary duties as directors, including, without limitation, directors serving on committees of our board of directors. Directors remain liable for 
 any breach of the director s duty of loyalty to us or our stockholders 
 any act or omission not in good faith or which involves intentional misconduct or a knowing violation of the law 
 any violation of Section 174 of the Delaware General Corporation Law, which proscribes the payment of dividends and stock purchases or redemptions under certain circumstances and 
 any transaction from which the directors derive an improper personal benefit. 
 This provision, however, has no effect on the availability of equitable remedies such as an injunction or rescission. Additionally, this provision will not limit liability under state or federal securities laws. Our restated certificate of incorporation and amended and restated by-laws provide that we shall indemnify our officers and directors to the fullest extent permitted by such law. 
 AMERICAS 2023618634.2 3 
 234141.1 

</EX-4.32>

<EX-10.5>
 3
 dgx12312022ex105.htm
 EX-10.5

Document 
 Exhibit 10.5 

 Amendment No. 1 to Quest Diagnostics Supplemental Deferred Compensation Plan (as amended and restated December 1, 2020) 
 The Quest Diagnostics Supplemental Deferred Compensation Plan (Post 2004), as amended and restated December 1, 2020, is hereby amended effective November 29, 2022, by amending and restating Section 3.2(a) to provide 
 (a) Employer Contributions . An Employer shall credit an Employer Contribution to the Account maintained on behalf of each Participant who had Deferral Contributions credited to his Account for a payroll period provided, that such Employer Contributions shall only be credited on Compensation that is in excess of the Section 401(a)(17) Limit. Notwithstanding the preceding sentence, no Employer Contribution shall be credited to the Account of a Participant who is also a participant in the Quest Diagnostics Transferee Pension Plan for former Corning Incorporated employees. Unless otherwise specifically provided in an Exhibit to this Plan adopted by the Administrator, the amount of the Employer Contribution to be credited on behalf of a Participant shall be equal to the applicable percentage that is specified from time to time in Section 3.2 of the Profit Sharing Plan of the Deferral Contributions made on behalf of the Participant. Notwithstanding the foregoing, for any period that an Exhibit is in effect, the amount of the Employer Contribution to be credited on behalf of a Participant shall be equal to the amount provided in that Exhibit. 
 Quest Diagnostics Clinical Laboratories, Inc. has caused this instrument to be signed by its authorized officer. 
 Quest Diagnostics Clinical Laboratories, Inc. 
 By __ s Cecilia K. McKenney 
 Cecilia K. McKenney, Senior Vice President, Chief Human Resources Officer 
 
 235201.1 

</EX-10.5>

<EX-10.10>
 4
 dgx12312022ex1010.htm
 EX-10.10

Document 
 Exhibit 10.10 

 AMENDMENT NO. 1 TO THE QUEST DIAGNOSTICS PROFIT SHARING PLAN (as amended and restated effective August 15, 2021) 
 The Quest Diagnostics Profit Sharing Plan, as presently maintained under an amendment and restatement effective August 15, 2021 (the Plan ), is hereby amended in the following respects, effective as provided 
 1. Effective January 1, 2022, the first paragraph of the definition of Deferral Compensation in Article I Definitions will be amended and restated to provide 
 Deferral Compensation An Employee s wages as defined in Code Section 3401(a) and all other payments of compensation to an Employee by an Employer (in the course of the Employer s trade or business) for which the Employer is required to furnish the Employee a written statement under Code Sections 6041(d), 6051(a)(3) and 6052, excluding reimbursements or other expense allowances, service awards, RecognitionQuest awards, cash and non-cash fringe benefits (e.g., employee discounts), moving expenses, deferred compensation, SDCP sign on bonus, and welfare benefits (including but not limited to payments made by an insurance carrier under an Employer s disability program), but including Employee Pre-Tax Contributions to this Plan, pre-tax employee contributions to a Code Section 125 plan and pre-tax employee contributions to purchase qualified transportation fringe benefits pursuant to Code Section 132(f)(4). 
 2. Effective January 1, 2020, Section 5.8(b) is amended and restated to provide 
 (b) The requirements of subsections (c) (f) of this Section will apply for purposes of determining required minimum distributions and will take precedence over any inconsistent provisions of the Plan. All distributions required under subsections (c) (f) will be determined and made in accordance with the Regulations under Code Section 401(a)(9) and the minimum distribution incidental benefit requirements of Code Section 401(a)(9)(G). Notwithstanding any provisions of subsections (c) (f), a Participant or Beneficiary who would have been required to receive a distribution under this Plan and Code Section 401(a)(9) in 2020 paid after April 1, 2020 (or paid in 2021 for the 2020 calendar year for a Participant with a required beginning date of April 1, 2021) but for the enactment of Code Section 401(a)(9)(I) (the 2020 RMDs ), and who would have satisfied that requirement by receiving distributions that are equal to the 2020 RMDs, will not receive those distributions unless such Participant or Beneficiary elects to receive the 2020 RMD. A Participant or Beneficiary who receives a payment with respect to 2020 that otherwise would have qualified as a required minimum distribution, including payments made in 2020 before the implementation of the special rules for 2020 RMDs, may 

Exhibit 10.10 

 be permitted to roll such distribution over to an eligible retirement plan (as defined in Section 5.9(b)(2)). 
 3. Effective January 1, 2020, Sections 5.8(f)(5) Required beginning date and 5.8(f)(6) 5 owner are amended and restated to provide 
 (5) Required beginning date April 1 of the calendar year following the later of the calendar year in which the Participant attains age 72 (age 70 if the Participant was born before July 1, 1949) or retires, except in the case of a Participant who is a 5 owner in which case it is April 1 of the calendar year following the calendar year in which he attains age 72 (age 70 if the Participant was born before July 1, 1949). 
 (6) 5 owner A Participant is treated as a 5 owner for purposes of this Section if he is a 5 owner as defined in Code Section 416 at any time during the Plan Year ending with or within the calendar year in which he attains age 72 (age 70 if the Participant was born before July 1, 1949). Once required distributions have begun to a 5 owner under this Section, they must continue to be distributed, even if he ceases to be a 5 owner in a subsequent year. 
 4. Effective January 1, 2023, Section 5.12(b) is amended and restated to provide 
 (b) Notwithstanding any provision of this Plan to the contrary, to the extent that any optional form of benefit under this Plan permits a distribution prior to the Participant s attaining age 59 , retirement, death, Total and Permanent Disability or Severance from Service Date and prior to Plan termination, the optional form of benefit is not available with respect to benefits attributable to assets (including the post-transfer earnings thereon) and liabilities that are transferred, within the meaning of Code Section 414(l), to this Plan from a money purchase pension plan or a defined benefit plan qualified under Code Section 401(a) (other than the portion of those transferred assets and liabilities attributable to after-tax voluntary Employee contributions or to a direct or indirect rollover contribution, provided that portion was not subject to such distribution restrictions under the transferor plan or such distribution restrictions have been waived under this Plan). 
 5. Effective January 1, 2023, Section 6.3 Non-Hardship Withdrawals is amended and restated to provide 
 (a) A Participant who is employed by an Employer or an Affiliate and who has attained age 59 may elect to make a cash withdrawal from his vested Account in the form provided under Article V (or Appendix F, if applicable) at any time following the attainment of such age. 

Exhibit 10.10 

(b) In addition to the withdrawals available under Section 6.2, but no more than once in any 12-month period, a Participant shall be allowed to withdraw all or part of the value of his Employee After-Tax Sub-Account (if any) for any reason. 
 (c) (1) In accordance with Section 113 of the Setting Every Community Up for Retirement Enhancement Act (the SECURE Act ), a Participant may, during the one-year period beginning on the date on which (x) the child of the Participant is born or (y) the legal adoption by the Participant of an eligible adoptee (as defined in Code Section 72(t)(2)(H)(iii)(II)) is finalized, take a qualified birth or adoption distribution of up to 5,000 per child or eligible adoptee, as certified by the Participant. 
 (2) A Participant who takes a birth or adoption distribution may elect to repay all or a portion of such distribution to the Plan (and those repayments will not be subject to the IRS contribution limits). The Department shall accept a re-contribution of a birth or adoption distribution provided it reasonably concludes that such re-contribution is eligible for direct rollover treatment under Section 113 of the SECURE Act, and such re-contribution is made in accordance with guidance, rules or regulations established by the Internal Revenue Service. 
 (3) This Section 6.3(c) shall apply notwithstanding anything in the Plan to the contrary, and is intended to be administered in accordance with, and subject to the limitations of the SECURE Act and any guidance, rules or regulations issued by the Internal Revenue Service. 
 (d) Any withdrawal elected pursuant to this Section 6.3 shall be made through an Appropriate Request, and shall be paid as soon as administratively feasible following receipt of the Appropriate Request. Withdrawn amounts (other than a qualified birth or adoption distribution) may not be repaid to the Trust Fund. 
 (e) Withdrawals shall be charged against the available sub-accounts within the Account in such order as the Department shall determine. Within each sub-account, withdrawals shall be charged against the separate Investment Options under such procedures as the Department may determine. 
 (f) Certain Merged Plans are subject to additional rules contained in an Appendix to the Plan. 
 (g) Notwithstanding the preceding, non-hardship withdrawals may not be made to the extent a disbursement restriction is in effect under Section 5.10(b). 

Exhibit 10.10 

6. Effective April 6, 2020, the following new Section 6.7 Coronavirus-Related Distributions and Loan Relief is inserted immediately following Section 6.6 Qualified Reservist Distribution 
 6.7 Coronavirus-Related Distributions and Loan Relief . Notwithstanding any provision of the Plan to the contrary, a Participant who is a Qualified Individual (as defined in paragraph (a)) may access amounts in the Participant s Account through a coronavirus distribution CV Distribution or loan CV Loan ), and may also be eligible for special loan repayment relief during the coronavirus pandemic, as described in this Section. This Section 6.7 is intended to be administered in accordance with, and subject to the limitations of Sections 2202(a) and (b) of the Coronavirus Aid, Relief, and Economic Security CARES Act, and any guidance, rules or regulations issued by the Internal Revenue Service. 
 (a) Qualified Individual . A Participant shall be a Qualified Individual for purposes of this Section 6.7 if the Participant certifies, in accordance with procedures established by the Department, that the Participant has experienced one of the following events 
 (1) the Participant is diagnosed with the SARS-CoV-2 virus or with coronavirus disease 2019 (COVID-19) by a test approved by the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (including a test authorized under the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act) 
 (2) the Participant s spouse or dependent is diagnosed with such virus or disease or 
 (3) the Participant experiences adverse financial consequences stemming from the virus or disease as a result of the closing or reduction of hours of a business owned or operated by the Participant, the Participant s spouse or a member of the Participant s family, or the Participant, the Participant s spouse or a member of the Participant s household (A) being quarantined, furloughed, laid off, having reduced work hours, (B) being unable to work due to lack of child care, or (C) having a reduction in pay or having a job offer rescinded or start date for a job delayed. 
 (b) CV Distributions . A Participant who is a Qualified Individual may, for the period beginning April 6, 2020 and before December 31, 2020 (or such other end date as specified in guidance, rules or regulations issued by the Internal Revenue Service), take a CV Distribution from the Participant s vested Account (other than from the Participant s QJSA Portion) with such sources in the Participant s Account being depleted in accordance with procedures established by the Department. A Participant may take as many CV Distributions as the Participant chooses under the 

Exhibit 10.10 

 Plan however, the aggregate amount of a Participant s CV Distributions under the Plan and any other eligible retirement plan under which the Participant participates may not exceed 100,000, as certified by the Participant. 
 A CV Distribution shall not be subject to the 10 early distribution penalty under Code Section 72(t) or 20 mandatory income tax withholding. In addition, a Participant who takes a CV Distribution and who is has not incurred a severance from employment may elect to repay all or a portion of such distribution to the Plan within three years of the CV Distribution (and those repayments will not be subject to the IRS contribution limits), and the Plan shall accept a re-contribution of a CV Distribution as described herein provided that such re-contribution is eligible for direct rollover treatment under Section 2202(a)(3) of the CARES Act, and such re-contribution is made in accordance with and guidance, rules or regulations issued by the Internal Revenue Service Notice. 
 (c) CV Loans and Suspension of Loan Repayments . For a Qualified Individual, the maximum loan amount under Section 6.1 and the provisions of the Loan Policy is increased for loans taken from May 5, 2020 until September 22, 2020 (or such other end date as specified in guidance, rules or regulations issued by the Internal Revenue Service) to the lesser of (1) 100,000 reduced by the excess (if any) of the highest outstanding balance of loans during the one year period ending on the day before the loan is made over the outstanding balance of loans from the Plan on the date the loan is made, or (2) 100 of the Participant s vested Account under the Plan. Loan repayments for any such new loan subject to the increased maximum loan amount described in the previous sentence will be automatically suspended until January 1, 2021. 
 A Qualified Individual may suspend until January 1, 2021, loan repayments for any other loan due between May 15, 2020 through December 31, 2020. When loan payments recommence as soon as administratively feasible after January 1, 2021, they will be reamortized to reflect any suspended payments, adjusted for interest, and the term of the loan will be extended by the suspension period, notwithstanding anything in Section 6.1(d) or the Loan Policy to the contrary. 
 7. Effective November 1, 2022, the chart in Appendix G, A. is amended and restated to provide 
 8. Name of Merged Plan 
 Merger Date med fusion 401(k) Plan January 18, 2018 MedXM 401(k) Plan March 1, 2019 Cleveland Heartlab 401(k) Plan May 2, 2019 

Exhibit 10.10 

 ReproSource, Inc. 401(k) Retirement Plan July 25, 2019 PhenoPath Laboratories 401(k) Plan August 1, 2019 Pack Health 401K November 1, 2022 
 
 8. Effective November 1, 2022, the following new Appendix G., B.(a)(6) is inserted immediately following Appendix G., B.(a)(5) 
 (6) Pack Health 401K. 
 9. Effective November 1, 2022, the following new Appendix G., C. (g) is inserted immediately following Appendix G., C.(f) 
 (g) Pack Health 401K 
 (1) A Participant who was a Pack Health 401K participant and who has retired or otherwise terminated employment may make a partial withdrawal of all or any portion of his Pack Health 401K sub-accounts that were transferred to this Plan upon the merger of the Pack Health 401K into this Plan. Withdrawn amounts may not be repaid to the Trust Fund. Withdrawals shall be charged against the available sub-accounts within the Account in such order as the Benefits Administration Committee may determine. Within each sub-account, withdrawals shall be charged against the separate Investment Options under such procedures as the Benefits Administration Committee may determine. 
 As evidence of its adoption of this Amendment, Quest Diagnostics Clinical Laboratories, Inc. has caused this Amendment to be executed December 5, 2022. 
 Quest Diagnostics Clinical Laboratories, Inc. 
 By s Cecilia K. McKenney Cecilia K. McKenney 
 Senior Vice President, Chief Human Resources Officer 

</EX-10.10>

<EX-10.20>
 5
 dgx12312022ex1020.htm
 EX-10.20

Document 
 
 Exhibit 10.20 

 AIRCRAFT TIME SHARING AGREEMENT 

Dated as of the 16th day of February, 2023, 
 
 between 
 
 QUEST DIAGNOSTICS CLINICAL LABORATORIES, INC. , 
 as Time Share Lessor, 
 
 and 
 JAMES E. DAVIS , 
 as Time Share Lessee, 

concerning the aircraft listed in Exhibit B hereto 

INSTRUCTIONS FOR COMPLIANCE WITH 
 TRUTH IN LEASING REQUIREMENTS UNDER FAR 91.23 
 
 Within 24 hours after execution of this Agreement 
 mail a copy of the executed document to the 
 following address via certified mail, return receipt requested 
 
 Federal Aviation Administration 
 Aircraft Registration Branch 
 ATTN Technical Section 
 P.O. Box 25724 
 Oklahoma City, Oklahoma 73125 
 
 At least 48 hours prior to the first flight to be conducted under this Agreement 
 provide notice, using the FSDO Notification Letter in Exhibit A , 
 of the departure airport and proposed time of departure of the 
 first flight, by facsimile, to the Flight Standards 
 District Office located nearest the departure airport. 
 
 Carry a copy of this Agreement in the aircraft at all times. 

This AIRCRAFT TIME SHARING AGREEMENT (the Agreement is made and effective as of the 16th day of February, 2023, (the Effective Date ), by and between QUEST DIAGNOSTICS CLINICAL LABORATORIES, INC. , a Delaware corporation Time Share Lessor ), and JAMES E. DAVIS Time Share Lessee ). 

W I T N E S S E T H 
 
 WHEREAS , Time Share Lessee is an employee of an affiliate of Time Share Lessor who is required to use the Aircraft for business and personal travel whenever possible 
 
 WHEREAS, Time Share Lessee desires to lease the Aircraft, with a flight crew, on a non-exclusive basis, from Time Share Lessor on a time sharing basis as defined in Section 91.501(c)(1) of the FAR 
 
 WHEREAS , Time Share Lessor is willing to lease the Aircraft, with a flight crew, on a non-exclusive basis, to Time Share Lessee on a time sharing basis and 
 
 WHEREAS , during the Term of this Agreement, the Aircraft will be subject to use by Time Share Lessor and may be subject to use by one or more other third-parties. 
 
 NOW, THEREFORE , in consideration of the mutual promises herein contained and other good and valid consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, the parties agree as follows 
 
 1. Definitions. The following terms shall have the following meanings for all purposes of this Agreement 
 
 Aircraft means the Airframe, the Engines, the Parts, and the Aircraft Documents. The Engines shall be deemed part of the Aircraft whether or not from time to time attached to the Airframe or removed from the Airframe. 
 
 Aircraft Documents means all flight records, maintenance records, historical records, modification records, overhaul records, manuals, logbooks, authorizations, drawings and data relating to the Airframe, any Engine, or any Part, or that are required by Applicable Law to be created or maintained with respect to the maintenance and or operation of the Aircraft. 
 
 Airframe means the aircraft listed in Exhibit B hereto, together with any and all Parts (including, but not limited to, landing gear and auxiliary power units but excluding Engines or engines) so long as such Parts shall be either incorporated or installed in or attached to the Airframe. 
 
 Applicable Law means, without limitation, all applicable laws, treaties, international agreements, decisions and orders of any court, arbitration or governmental agency or authority and rules, regulations, orders, directives, licenses and permits of any 
 1 

governmental body, instrumentality, agency or authority, including, without limitation, the FAR and 49 U.S.C. 41101, et seq ., as amended. 
 
 Business Day means any day of the year in which banks are not authorized or required to close in the State of New Jersey. 
 
 DOT means the United States Department of Transportation or any successor agency. 
 
 Engines means any engine which may be, from time to time, attached to an aircraft listed in Exhibit B hereto. 
 
 FAA means the Federal Aviation Administration or any successor agency. 
 
 FAR means collectively the Aeronautics Regulations of the FAA and the DOT, as codified at Title 14, Parts 1 to 399 of the United States Code of Federal Regulations. 
 
 Flight Hour means one (1) hour of use of the Aircraft in flight operations, as recorded on the Aircraft hour meter and measured in one-tenth (1 10th) of an hour increments. 
 
 Operating Base means Reading Regional Airport (RDG), in the City of Reading, State of Pennsylvania. 

Operational Control has the same meaning given the term in Section 1.1 of the FAR. 
 
 Parts means all appliances, components, parts, instruments, appurtenances, accessories, furnishings or other equipment of whatever nature (other than complete Engines or engines) which may from time to time be incorporated or installed in or attached to the Airframe or any Engine and includes replacement parts. 
 
 Pilot in Command has the same meaning given the term in Section 1.1 of the FAR. 
 
 Taxes means all taxes of every kind (excluding any tax measured by or assessed against a taxpayer's income, including, without limitation, any income tax, gross income tax, net income tax, or capital gains tax, and any tax measured by or assessed against the Aircraft s value, including, without limitation, any personal property or ad valorem tax) assessed or levied by any federal, state, county, local, airport, district, foreign, or other governmental authority, including, without limitation, sales taxes, use taxes, retailer taxes, federal air transportation excise taxes, federal aviation fuel excise taxes, and other similar duties, fees, and excise taxes. 
 
 Term means the entire period from the Effective Date to the date this Agreement is terminated pursuant to Section 3. 
 
 2. Agreement to Lease. Time Share Lessor agrees to lease the Aircraft to Time Share Lessee from time to time on an as needed and as available basis, and to provide a fully qualified flight crew for all Time Share Lessee's flights, in accordance with the terms and conditions 
 2 

of this Agreement. Nothing contained herein shall obligate or entitle Time Share Lessee to any minimum usage of the Aircraft. 
 
 3. Term. 
 
 3.1 Initial Term. The initial term of this Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and continue for a period of one (1) year. 
 
 3.2 Renewal. At the end of the initial one (1) year term or any subsequent one (1) year term, this Agreement shall automatically be renewed for an additional one (1) year term. 
 
 3.3 Termination. Each party shall have the right to terminate this Agreement at any time with or without cause on thirty (30) days prior written notice to the other party. 
 
 3.4 Termination of Employment. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, this Agreement shall automatically terminate, if not sooner terminated, concurrent with the last date of employment of Time Share Lessee with Time Share Lessor or an affiliate thereof. 
 
 4. Applicable Regulations. The parties hereto intend that this Agreement shall constitute, and this Agreement shall be interpreted as, a Time Sharing Agreement as defined in Section 91.501(c)(1) of the FAR. The parties agree that for all flights under this Agreement, the Aircraft shall be operated under the pertinent provisions of Subpart F of Part 91 of the FAR. If any provision of this Agreement is determined to be inconsistent with any of the requirements of the provisions of Subpart F of Part 91 of the FAR, such provision shall be deemed amended in any respect necessary to bring it into compliance with such requirements. 
 
 5. Non-Exclusivity. Time Share Lessee acknowledges that the Aircraft is leased to Time Share Lessee hereunder on a non-exclusive basis, and that the Aircraft will also be subject to use by Time Share Lessor, and may also be subject to non-exclusive leases and lease to others during the Term. 
 
 6. Flight Charges. 
 
 6.1 Time Share Lessee shall not be liable for any costs incurred by Time Share Lessor in any calendar year in connection with the use of the Aircraft by Time Share Lessee for the personal purposes until such time as the sum (the Benefit Costs of 
 
 (i) the aggregate incremental costs incurred by Time Share Lessor for all such flights in such calendar year (calculated on the same basis used by Time Share Lessor to determine the aggregate incremental cost for purposes of disclosure in Time Share Lessor s proxy statement issued in connection with its annual meeting of stockholders (the Proxy Calculation )) of personal aircraft use plus 
 3 

(ii) the expense to Time Share Lessor (or any affiliate thereof) of the personal use by Time Share Lessee of a company-provided vehicle in such calendar year 
 in the aggregate surpasses One Hundred Seventy-Five Thousand U.S. Dollars 175,000.00) (the Time Share Threshold ). 
 
 6.2 After the Benefit Costs incurred by Time Share Lessor in any calendar year surpasses the Time Share Threshold, Time Share Lessee shall pay to Time Share Lessor, for each personal use flight (or portion thereof) conducted under this Agreement during the remainder of such calendar year, an amount equal to the lesser of (i) Time Share Lessor s aggregate incremental costs for such flight, calculated on the same basis as the Proxy Calculation, or (ii) the maximum amount of expense reimbursement permitted in accordance with Section 91.501(d) of the FAR, which expenses include and are limited to 
 
 6.2.1 fuel, oil, lubricants, and other additives 
 6.2.2 travel expenses of the crew, including food, lodging and ground transportation 
 6.2.3 hangar and tie down costs away from the Aircraft's Operating Base 
 6.2.4 insurance obtained for the specific flight 
 6.2.5 landing fees, airport taxes and similar assessments 
 6.2.6 customs, foreign permit, and similar fees directly related to the flight 
 6.2.7 in-flight food and beverages 
 6.2.8 passenger ground transportation 
 6.2.9 flight planning and weather contract services and 
 6.2.10 an additional charge equal to 100 of the expenses listed in Section 6.2.1. 

7. Invoices and Payment. Time Share Lessor will initially pay all expenses related to the operation of the Aircraft when and as such expenses are incurred, provided that within fifteen (15) days after the last day of any calendar month during which any flight for the account of Time Share Lessee has been conducted, Time Share Lessor shall provide an invoice to Time Share Lessee for an amount determined in accordance with Section 6 above provided that with regard to expenses that remain indeterminable as of the date of any invoice, such expenses shall be included in the next regularly-provided invoice after such expenses have been determined. Time Share Lessee shall remit the full amount of any such invoice, together with any applicable Taxes under Section 8, to Time Share Lessor promptly within fifteen (15) days following Time Share Lessee s receipt of the invoice date. 
 
 8. Taxes. Time Share Lessee shall be responsible for, shall indemnify and hold harmless Time Share Lessor against, any Taxes which may be assessed or levied as a result of the lease of the Aircraft to Time Share Lessee, or the use of the Aircraft by Time Share Lessee. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, Time Share Lessee and Time Share Lessor specifically acknowledge that all of Time Share Lessee's Time Share Flights will be subject to commercial air transportation excise taxes pursuant to Section 4261 of the Internal Revenue Code, regardless of whether any such flight is considered noncommercial under the FAR. Time Share Lessee shall remit to Time Share Lessor all such Taxes together with each payment made pursuant to Section 7. 
 4 

9. Scheduling Flights. Time Share Lessee shall submit requests for flight time and proposed flight schedules to the Time Share Lessor as far in advance of any given flight as reasonably possible. Time Share Lessee shall provide at least the following information for each proposed flight as far in advance as reasonably possible prior to scheduled departure departure airport destination airport date and time of departure the names of all passengers the nature and extent of luggage and or cargo to be carried the date and time of return flight, if any and any other information concerning the proposed flight that may be pertinent or required by Time Share Lessor or Time Share Lessor's flight crew. 
 
 10. Aircraft Maintenance. Time Share Lessor shall be solely responsible for maintenance, preventive maintenance and required or otherwise necessary inspections of the Aircraft, and shall take such requirements into account in scheduling the Aircraft. No period of maintenance, preventative maintenance, or inspection shall be delayed or postponed for the purpose of scheduling the Aircraft, unless said maintenance or inspection can be safely conducted at a later time in compliance with all Applicable Laws and regulations, and within the sound discretion of the Pilot in Command. 
 
 11. Flight Crews. Time Share Lessor shall provide, at its sole cost, to Time Share Lessee a qualified flight crew for each flight conducted in accordance with this Agreement. The members of the flight crew may be either employees or independent contractors of Time Share Lessor. In either event, the flight crew shall be and remain under the exclusive command and control of Time Share Lessor in all phases of all flights conducted hereunder. 
 
 12. OPERATIONAL CONTROL. THE PARTIES EXPRESSLY AGREE THAT TIME SHARE LESSOR SHALL HAVE AND MAINTAIN SOLE OPERATIONAL CONTROL OF THE AIRCRAFT AND EXCLUSIVE POSSESSION, COMMAND AND CONTROL OF THE AIRCRAFT FOR ALL FLIGHTS OPERATED UNDER THIS AGREEMENT, AND THAT THE INTENT OF THE PARTIES IS THAT THIS AGREEMENT CONSTITUTE A TIME SHARING AGREEMENT AS SUCH TERM IS DEFINED IN SECTION 91.501(C)(1) OF THE FAR. TIME SHARE LESSOR SHALL EXERCISE EXCLUSIVE AUTHORITY OVER INITIATING, CONDUCTING, OR TERMINATING ANY FLIGHT CONDUCTED ON BEHALF OF TIME SHARE LESSEE PURSUANT TO THIS AGREEMENT. 
 
 13. Authority of Pilot In Command. Notwithstanding that Time Share Lessor shall have Operational Control of the Aircraft during any flight conducted pursuant to this Agreement, Time Share Lessor and Time Share Lessee expressly agree that the Pilot in Command, in his or her sole discretion, may terminate any flight, refuse to commence any flight, or take any other flight-related action which in the judgment of the Pilot in Command is necessary to ensure the safety of the Aircraft, the flight crew, the passengers, and persons and property on the ground. The Pilot in Command shall have final and complete authority to postpone or cancel any flight for any reason or condition that in his or her judgment would compromise the safety of the flight. No such action of the Pilot in Command shall create or support any liability of Time Share Lessor to Time Share Lessee for loss, injury, damage or delay. 
 5 

14. Passengers and Baggage . Time Share Lessee may carry on the Aircraft on all flights under this Agreement such passengers and baggage cargo as Time Share Lessee in its sole but reasonable discretion shall determine provided, however, that the passengers to be carried on such flights shall be limited to those permitted under the pertinent provisions of Part 91 of the FAR, and that the number of such passengers shall in no event exceed the number of passenger seats legally available in the Aircraft and the total load, including fuel and oil in such quantities as the Pilot in Command shall determine to be required, shall not exceed the maximum allowable load for the Aircraft. 
 
 15. Prohibited Items . Time Share Lessee shall not cause or permit to be carried on board the Aircraft, and shall not cause or permit any passenger to carry on board the Aircraft, any contraband, prohibited dangerous goods, or prohibited controlled substances on the Aircraft at any time. 
 
 16. Force Majeure. Time Share Lessor shall not be liable for delay or failure to furnish the Aircraft and or flight crew pursuant to this Agreement when such failure is caused by government regulation or authority, mechanical difficulty, war, civil commotion, strikes or labor disputes, weather conditions, acts of God or other unforeseen or unanticipated circumstances. 
 
 17. Time Share Lessee Representations and Warranties. Time Share Lessee represents and warrants that 
 
 17.1 Time Share Lessee will use the Aircraft solely for and on account of his own personal use, and will not use the Aircraft for the purpose of providing transportation of passengers or cargo for compensation or hire. 
 
 17.2 Time Share Lessee shall refrain from incurring any mechanic's or other lien in connection with inspection, preventative maintenance, maintenance or storage of the Aircraft, whether permissible or impermissible under this Agreement, nor shall there be any attempt by Time Share Lessee to convey, mortgage, assign, lease, sublease, or any way alienate the Aircraft or create any kind of lien or security interest involving the Aircraft or do anything or take any action that might mature into such a lien. 
 
 17.3 During the Term of this Agreement, Time Share Lessee will abide by and conform to all Applicable Laws, governmental and airport orders, rules and regulations, as shall from time to time be in effect relating in any way to the use of the Aircraft by a time sharing Time Share Lessee. 
 
 18. No Assignments Neither this Agreement nor any party's interest herein shall be assignable to any other party whatsoever without the consent of the parties hereto. 
 
 19. Modification . This Agreement may not be modified, altered, or amended except by written agreement executed by both parties. 
 6 

20. Entire Agreement. This Agreement constitutes the entire agreement of the parties as of the Effective Date and supersedes all prior or independent, oral or written agreements, understandings, statements, representations, commitments, promises, and warranties made with respect to the subject matter of this Agreement. 
 
 21. Prohibited or Unenforceable Provisions. Any provision of this Agreement which is prohibited or unenforceable in any jurisdiction shall, as to such jurisdiction, be ineffective to the extent of such prohibition or unenforceability without invalidating the remaining provisions hereof, and any such prohibitions or unenforceability in any jurisdiction. To the extent permitted by Applicable Law, each of Time Share Lessor and Time Share Lessee hereby waives any provision of Applicable Law which renders any provision hereof prohibited or unenforceable in any respect. 
 
 22. Governing Law. This Agreement has been negotiated and delivered in the State of New Jersey and shall in all respects be governed by, and construed in accordance with, the laws of the State of New Jersey, including all matters of construction, validity and performance, without giving effect to its conflict of laws provisions. 
 
 23. DISCLAIMER. THE AIRCRAFT IS BEING LEASED BY THE TIME SHARE LESSOR TO THE TIME SHARE LESSEE HEREUNDER ON A COMPLETELY AS IS, WHERE IS, BASIS, WHICH IS ACKNOWLEDGED AND AGREED TO BY THE TIME SHARE LESSEE. THE WARRANTIES AND REPRESENTATIONS SET FORTH IN THIS AGREEMENT ARE EXCLUSIVE AND IN LIEU OF ALL OTHER REPRESENTATIONS OR WARRANTIES WHATSOEVER, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, AND TIME SHARE LESSOR HAS NOT MADE AND SHALL NOT BE CONSIDERED OR DEEMED TO HAVE MADE (WHETHER BY VIRTUE OF HAVING LEASED THE AIRCRAFT UNDER THIS AGREEMENT, OR HAVING ACQUIRED THE AIRCRAFT, OR HAVING DONE OR FAILED TO DO ANY ACT, OR HAVING ACQUIRED OR FAILED TO ACQUIRE ANY STATUS UNDER OR IN RELATION TO THIS AGREEMENT OR OTHERWISE) ANY OTHER REPRESENTATION OR WARRANTY WHATSOEVER, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, WITH RESPECT TO THE AIRCRAFT OR TO ANY PART THEREOF, AND SPECIFICALLY, WITHOUT LIMITATION, IN THIS RESPECT TIME SHARE LESSOR DISCLAIMS ALL REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES CONCERNING THE TITLE, AIRWORTHINESS, VALUE, CONDITION, DESIGN, MERCHANTABILITY, COMPLIANCE WITH SPECIFICATIONS, CONSTRUCTION AND CONDITION OF THE AIRCRAFT, OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR USE OF THE AIRCRAFT AND AS TO THE ABSENCE OF LATENT AND OTHER DEFECTS, WHETHER OR NOT DISCOVERABLE, AND AS TO THE ABSENCE OF ANY INFRINGEMENT OR THE LIKE, HEREUNDER OF ANY PATENT, TRADEMARK OR COPYRIGHT, AND AS TO THE ABSENCE OF OBLIGATIONS BASED ON STRICT LIABILITY IN TORT, OR AS TO THE QUALITY OF THE MATERIAL OR WORKMANSHIP OF THE AIRCRAFT OR ANY PART THEREOF OR ANY OTHER REPRESENTATION OR WARRANTY WHATSOEVER, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED (INCLUDING ANY IMPLIED WARRANTY ARISING FROM A COURSE OF PERFORMANCE OR 
 7 

DEALING OR USAGE OF TRADE), WITH RESPECT TO THE AIRCRAFT OR ANY PART THEREOF. TIME SHARE LESSEE HEREBY WAIVES, RELEASES, DISCLAIMS AND RENOUNCES ALL EXPECTATION OF OR RELIANCE UPON ANY SUCH AND OTHER WARRANTIES, OBLIGATIONS AND LIABILITIES OF TIME SHARE LESSOR AND RIGHTS, CLAIMS AND REMEDIES OF TIME SHARE LESSEE AGAINST TIME SHARE LESSOR, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, ARISING BY LAW OR OTHERWISE, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO (I) ANY IMPLIED WARRANTY OF MERCHANTABILITY OF FITNESS FOR ANY PARTICULAR USE, (II) ANY IMPLIED WARRANTY ARISING FROM COURSE OF PERFORMANCE, COURSE OF DEALING OR USAGE OF TRADE, (III) ANY OBLIGATION, LIABILITY, RIGHT, CLAIM OR REMEDY IN TORT, WHETHER OR NOT ARISING FROM THE NEGLIGENCE OF TIME SHARE LESSOR, ACTUAL OR IMPUTED, AND (IV) ANY OBLIGATION, LIABILITY, RIGHT, CLAIM OR REMEDY FOR LOSS OF OR DAMAGE TO THE AIRCRAFT, FOR LOSS OF USE, REVENUE OR PROFIT WITH RESPECT TO THE AIRCRAFT, OR FOR ANY OTHER DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES. 
 
 24. COUNTERPARTS. This Agreement may be executed by the parties hereto in two (2) or more separate counterparts, each and all of which when so executed and delivered shall be an original, and all of which shall together constitute but one and the same instrument. 

25. TRUTH IN LEASING. 
 
 TIME SHARE LESSOR HEREBY CERTIFIES THAT, DURING THE TWELVE (12) MONTH PERIOD PRECEDING THE DATE OF THIS AGREEMENT, THE AIRCRAFT HAS BEEN INSPECTED AND MAINTAINED IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE PROVISIONS OF FAR 91.409. 
 
 THE PARTIES HERETO CERTIFY THAT DURING THE TERM OF THIS AGREEMENT AND FOR OPERATIONS CONDUCTED HEREUNDER, THE AIRCRAFT WILL BE MAINTAINED AND INSPECTED IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE PROVISIONS OF FAR 91.409. 
 
 TIME SHARE LESSOR ACKNOWLEDGES THAT WHEN IT OPERATES THE AIRCRAFT ON BEHALF OF TIME SHARE LESSEE UNDER THIS AGREEMENT, TIME SHARE LESSOR SHALL BE KNOWN AS, CONSIDERED, AND IN FACT WILL BE THE OPERATOR OF THE AIRCRAFT AND SOLELY RESPONSIBLE FOR OPERATIONAL CONTROL OF THE AIRCRAFT. EACH PARTY HERETO CERTIFIES THAT IT UNDERSTANDS THE EXTENT OF ITS RESPONSIBILITIES, SET FORTH HEREIN, FOR COMPLIANCE WITH APPLICABLE FEDERAL AVIATION REGULATIONS. 
 
 AN EXPLANATION OF FACTORS BEARING ON OPERATIONAL CONTROL AND PERTINENT FEDERAL AVIATION REGULATIONS CAN BE OBTAINED FROM THE NEAREST FEDERAL AVIATION ADMINISTRATION FLIGHT STANDARDS 
 
 8 

DISTRICT OFFICE. 
 
 THE PARTIES HERETO CERTIFY THAT A TRUE COPY OF THIS AGREEMENT SHALL BE CARRIED ON THE AIRCRAFT AT ALL TIMES, AND SHALL BE MADE AVAILABLE FOR INSPECTION UPON REQUEST BY AN APPROPRIATELY CONSTITUTED IDENTIFIED REPRESENTATIVE OF THE ADMINISTRATOR OF THE FAA. 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF , the parties have executed this Aircraft Time Sharing Agreement as of the date and year first written above. 
 
 TIME SHARE LESSOR 
 
 QUEST DIAGNOSTICS CLINICAL LABORATORIES, INC. 

By _ s Cecilia K. McKenney ______________________ 
 Print Cecilia K. McKenney 
 Title Senior Vice President, Chief Human Resources Officer 

TIME SHARE LESSEE 
 
 JAMES E. DAVIS 

By _ s James E. Davis_ __________________ 
 Print James E. Davis 

9 

EXHIBIT A 

FSDO Notification Letter 

Date ______________ 
 
 Via Facsimile 
 Fax __________________ 
 
 Federal Aviation Administration 
 __________________________ 
 __________________________ 
 __________________________ 

RE FAR Section 91.23 FSDO Notification 
 First Flight Under Time Sharing Agreement 
 
 To whom it may concern 
 
 Pursuant to the requirements of Federal Aviation Regulation Section 91.23(c)(3), please accept this letter as notification that the first flight of the aircraft under a Time Sharing Agreement will depart from ____ Airport on the __ day of ______, 202_, at approximately _____ am pm local time. 
 
 Should you require any additional information, please contact our pilot, Mr. _______, at telephone ________________. 
 
 Sincerely, 
 
 QUEST DIAGNOSTICS CLINICAL LABORATORIES, INC. 

By _______________________ 
 Print _______________________ 
 Title _______________________ 

10 

EXHIBIT B 
 
 The aircraft subject to this agreement are as follows 
 
 Aircraft #1 Dassault Falcon 2000EX 
 U.S. Registration Number N197DX 
 Manufacturer s Serial Number 216 
 
 Aircraft #2 Pilatus PC-12 
 U.S. Registration Number N432CV 
 Manufacturer s Serial Number 119 
 
 Aircraft #3 Pilatus PC-12 
 U.S. Registration Number N120QD 
 Manufacturer s Serial Number 120 
 
 Aircraft #4 Pilatus PC-12 
 U.S. Registration Number N149QD 
 Manufacturer s Serial Number 149 
 
 Aircraft #5 Pilatus PC-12 
 U.S. Registration Number N338QD 
 Manufacturer s Serial Number 338 
 
 Aircraft #6 Pilatus PC-12 
 U.S. Registration Number N465PC 
 Manufacturer s Serial Number 465 
 
 Aircraft #7 Pilatus PC-12 
 U.S. Registration Number N26VW 
 Manufacturer s Serial Number 478 
 
 Aircraft #8 Pilatus PC-12 
 U.S. Registration Number N567QD 
 Manufacturer s Serial Number 567 
 
 Aircraft #9 Pilatus PC-12 
 U.S. Registration Number N589QD 
 Manufacturer s Serial Number 589 
 
 Aircraft #10 Pilatus PC-12 
 U.S. Registration Number N687QD 
 Manufacturer s Serial Number 687 
 
 11 

Aircraft #11 Pilatus PC-12 
 U.S. Registration Number N399SA 
 Manufacturer s Serial Number 407 
 
 Aircraft #12 Pilatus PC-12 
 U.S. Registration Number N412MD 
 Manufacturer s Serial Number 412 
 
 Aircraft #13 Pilatus PC-12 
 U.S. Registration Number N942TW 
 Manufacturer s Serial Number 636 
 
 Aircraft #14 Embraer Phenom 100 
 U.S. Registration Number N288DX 
 Manufacturer s Serial Number 500000166 
 
 Aircraft #15 Embraer Phenom 100 
 U.S. Registration Number N648DX 
 Manufacturer s Serial Number 500000176 
 
 Aircraft #16 Embraer Phenom 100 
 U.S. Registration Number N899DX 
 Manufacturer s Serial Number 500000216 

12 

</EX-10.20>

<EX-21.1>
 6
 dgx12312022ex211.htm
 EX-21.1

Document 
 Exhibit 21.1 

 Quest Diagnostics Incorporated (DE) 
 (Incorporated on December 12, 1990 in Delaware EIN 16-1387862) 
 Subsidiaries, Joint Ventures and Affiliates 
 Company Registered Alternate name 100 Quest Diagnostics Holdings Incorporated (DE) 
 100 Quest Diagnostics International Holdings Limited (UK) 
 100 Quest Diagnostics Holdings Ltd. (UK) 100 ExamOne Canada, Inc. (New Brunswick) 99.9 Quest Diagnostics HTAS India Private Limited (India) (0.1 Quest Diagnostics International Holdings Limited (UK) 100 Quest Diagnostics of Puerto Rico, Inc. (PR) 100 Quest Diagnostics Ireland Limited (Ireland) 100 Quest Diagnostics (Shanghai) Co., Ltd. (China) 100 Quest Diagnostics Clinical Laboratories, Inc. (DE) Advanced Toxicology Network 
 Labtech Diagnostics 
 Quest Diagnostics 
 Solstas Lab Partners Group 
 Solstas Lab Partners 
 Smithkline Beecham Clinical 
 Laboratories 
 100 Quest Consumer Inc. (DE) 100 Lab One , LLC (MO) 
 Quest Diagnostics 
 LabOne, LLC of Kansas 
 100 Exam One World Wide, Inc. (PA) 
 100 ExamOne LLC (DE) 
 100 ExamOne World Wide of NJ, Inc. (NJ) 51 DGXWMT JV, LLC (DE) Health Check by Quest Diagnostics 100 PACK Health, LLC (AL) PACK Health Enterprise LLC 100 Quest HealthConnect, LLC (CA) 
 100 Quest Diagnostics Health & Wellness, LLC (DE) 
 100 Lab One of Ohio, Inc. (DE) 
 Quest Diagnostics 
 LabOne 
 51 Diagnostic Laboratory of Oklahoma LLC (OK) 100 Mid America Clinical Laboratories, LLC (IN) 49 Sonora Quest Laboratories LLC (AZ) 100 Quest Diagnostics do Brasil Ltda. (Brazil) 100 Quest Diagnostics Incorporated (MD) 100 Quest Diagnostics India Private Limited (India) 
 
 100 Quest Diagnostics International LLC (DE) 
 100 Quest Diagnostics Investments LLC (DE) 
 
 1 

100 Quest Diagnostics LLC (IL) Quest Diagnostics LLC 100 Quest Diagnostics LLC (MA) Quest Diagnostics LLC 
 Quest Diagnostics of Connecticut LLC 
 
 81.1 Quest Diagnostics Massachusetts LLC (MA) 
 
 100 Quest Diagnostics LLC (CT) 100 Quest Diagnostics Mexico, S de RL de CV (Mexico) 100 Quest Diagnostics Nichols Institute (CA) Nichols Institute Quest Diagnostics Nichols Institute (CA) Inc. Quest Diagnostics Nichols Institute Inc. 100 Quest Diagnostics of Pennsylvania Inc. (DE) 51 Quest Diagnostics Venture LLC (PA) 53.5 Associated Clinical Laboratories of Pennsylvania, L.L.C. (PA) 1 Associated Clinical Laboratories, L.P. (PA) 52.97 Associated Clinical Laboratories, L.P. (PA) 
 100 Quest Diagnostics Receivables Inc. (DE) 100 Quest Diagnostics TB, LLC (DE) 100 Athena Diagnostics, Inc. (DE) 100 American Medical Laboratories, Incorporated (DE) 100 Quest Diagnostics Nichols Institute, Inc. (VA) 
 Nichols Institute Quest Diagnostics Quest Diagnostics Nichols Institute, Institute, Inc. of Virginia 100 Quest Diagnostics Incorporated (NV) Quest Diagnostics Incorporated of Nevada 
 Quest Diagnostics 
 100 Blueprint Genetics Inc. (DE) 100 Blueprint Genetics Oy (Finland) 100 Blueprint Genetics FZ-LLC (UAE) 100 Cleveland HeartLab, Inc. (DE) Cleveland Heartlab Services, Inc. 100 Isabella Street Urban Renewal, LLC (NJ) 
 100 Med Fusion, LLC (TX) med fusion 
 med fusion clin-trials 
 med fusion clin-labs 

2 

100 Reprosource Fertility Diagnostics, Inc. (MA) 100 Unilab Corporation (DE) Quest Diagnostics 100 AmeriPath, Inc. (DE) 100 AmeriPath Cincinnati, Inc. (OH) Richfield Laboratory of Dermatopathology 
 
 100 AmeriPath Cleveland, Inc. (OH) AmeriPath GI Institute 
 Dermpath Diagnostics 
 100 AmeriPath Consolidated Labs, Inc. (FL) 100 AmeriPath Florida, LLC (DE) AmeriPath Central Florida 
 AmeriPath Northeast Florida 
 AmeriPath Southwest Florida 
 Bay Area Dermatopathology 
 Dermpath Diagnostics 
 Dermpath Diagnostics Bay Area Dermpath Diagnostics 
 South Florida 
 Institute for Immunofluorescence 
 Institute for Podiatric Pathology 
 100 AmeriPath Hospital Services Florida, LLC (DE) 100 AmeriPath Kentucky, Inc. (KY) 100 AmeriPath Lubbock 5.01(A) Corporation (TX) Arlington Pathology Associates 
 Dermpath Diagnostics Texas 
 North Arlington Pathology 
 Associates 
 Pathology Associates of Texas 
 100 AmeriPath New York, LLC (DE) AmeriPath East 
 AmeriPath Gastrointestinal Diagnostics 
 AmeriPath Northeast 
 Dermpath Diagnostics 
 Dermpath Diagnostics 
 NE-Braintree 
 Ackerman Academy of Dermatopathology 
 Dermpath Diagnostics New York 
 
 100 AmeriPath Texas Inc. (DE) 100 AmeriPath Tucson, Inc. (AZ) AmeriPath Arizona 100 Consolidated DermPath, Inc. (DE) 100 DFW 5.01(a) Corporation (TX) AmeriPath North Texas 
 AmeriPath Dallas 
 AmeriPath DFW 5.01(a) 
 Corporation 
 100 Diagnostic Pathology Services, Inc. (OK) AmeriPath Oklahoma 100 Kailash B. Sharma, M.D., Inc. (GA) 100 Nuclear Medicine and Pathology Associates (GA) 100 Institute for Dermatopathology, Inc. (PA) AmeriPath Mid Atlantic 
 Dermpath Diagnostics 
 The Dermatopathology 
 Laboratory 
 
 3 

100 Ocmulgee Medical Pathology Association, Inc. (GA) AmeriPath Georgia Gastrointestinal Diagnostics 
 Dermpath Diagnostics 
 100 Specialty Laboratories, Inc. (CA) Quest Diagnostics Nichols 
 Institute of Valencia, Inc. 
 Additional Entities Consolidated for Accounting Purposes AmeriPath Indianapolis, PC (IN) 
 AmeriPath Indianapolis, PSC 
 AmeriPath Indianapolis Medical 
 Pathology 
 Dermpath Diagnostics 
 Colorado Pathology Consultants, P.C. (CO) AmeriPath Colorado 
 Dermpath Diagnostics 
 Dermatopathology of Wisconsin, S.C. (WI) AmeriPath Great Lakes Hoffman, M.D., Associated Pathologists, Chartered (NV) Associated Pathologists, 
 Chartered 
 Kilpatrick Pathology, P.A. (NC) PhenoPath Laboratories, PLLC (WA) 
 
 4 

</EX-21.1>

<EX-22>
 7
 dgx12312022ex22.htm
 EX-22

Document 

Exhibit 22 
 
 Subsidiary Guarantors of Securities 
 As of February 21, 2023, the following subsidiaries of Quest Diagnostics Incorporated provided, subject to the terms of such senior notes, unconditional and irrevocable guarantees to the senior notes listed below that were issued by Quest Diagnostics Incorporated pursuant to an offering registered under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended 
 
 Securities 
 Issuer 
 Subsidiary Guarantor 
 State of Organization 
 6.95 Senior Notes due 2037 
 5.75 Senior Notes due 2040 
 Quest Diagnostics Incorporated 
 American Medical Laboratories, Incorporated 
 Delaware 
 AmeriPath, Inc. 
 Delaware 
 AmeriPath Consolidated Labs, Inc. 
 Florida 
 AmeriPath Florida, LLC 
 Delaware 
 AmeriPath Hospital Services Florida, LLC 
 Delaware 
 AmeriPath Kentucky, Inc. 
 Kentucky 
 AmeriPath New York, LLC 
 Delaware 
 AmeriPath Texas, Inc. 
 Delaware 
 Athena Diagnostics, Inc. 
 Delaware 
 Diagnostic Pathology Services, Inc. 
 Oklahoma 
 ExamOne World Wide, Inc. 
 Pennsylvania 
 ExamOne World Wide of NJ, Inc. 
 New Jersey 
 Kailash B. Sharma, M.D., Inc. 
 Georgia 
 LabOne, LLC 
 Missouri 
 LabOne of Ohio, Inc. 
 Delaware 
 Ocmulgee Medical Pathology Association, Inc. 
 Georgia 
 Quest Diagnostics Clinical Laboratories, Inc. 
 Delaware 
 Quest Diagnostics Holdings Incorporated 
 Delaware 
 Quest Diagnostics Incorporated 
 Maryland 
 Quest Diagnostics Incorporated 
 Nevada 
 Quest Diagnostics Infectious Disease, Inc. 
 Delaware 
 Quest Diagnostics Investments LLC 
 Delaware 
 Quest Diagnostics LLC 
 Connecticut 
 Quest Diagnostics LLC 
 Illinois 
 Quest Diagnostics LLC 
 Massachusetts 
 Quest Diagnostics Nichols Institute 
 California 
 Quest Diagnostics Nichols Institute, Inc. 
 Virginia 
 Quest Diagnostics of Pennsylvania Inc. 
 Delaware 
 Specialty Laboratories, Inc. 
 California 
 Unilab Corporation 
 Delaware 

</EX-22>

<EX-23.1>
 8
 dgx12312022ex231.htm
 EX-23.1

Document 

Exhibit 23.1 
 
 CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

We hereby consent to the incorporation by reference in the Registration Statements on Form S-3 (No. 333-266315) and Form S-8 (Nos. 333-184580, 333-182863, 333-143889, 333-136196, 333-60758, 333-60477, 333-157447, 333-162710, 333-162711, 333-207746, 333-214215, 333-221076 and 333-234328) of Quest Diagnostics Incorporated of our report dated February 21, 2023 relating to the financial statements and the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting, which appears in this Form 10-K. 
 
 s PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP Florham Park, New Jersey February 21, 2023 

</EX-23.1>

<EX-31.1>
 9
 dgx12312022ex311.htm
 EX-31.1

Document 

Exhibit 31.1 
 CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 I, James E. Davis, certify that 
 
 1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Quest Diagnostics Incorporated 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 a. designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 b. designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 c. evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 d. disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 a. all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 b. any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 February 21, 2023 
 By s James E. Davis James E. Davis Chief Executive Officer and President 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 10
 dgx12312022ex312.htm
 EX-31.2

Document 

Exhibit 31.2 
 CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 I, Sam A. Samad, certify that 
 
 1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Quest Diagnostics Incorporated 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 a. designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 b. designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 c. evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 d. disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 a. all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 b. any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 February 21, 2023 
 By s Sam A. Samad Sam A. Samad Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 11
 dgx12312022ex321.htm
 EX-32.1

Document 

Exhibit 32.1 
 CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. 1350, 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 
 Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, the undersigned certifies that, to the best of my knowledge, the Annual Report on Form 10-K for the period ended December 31, 2022 of Quest Diagnostics Incorporated, as being filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission concurrently herewith, fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (15 U.S.C. 78m or 78o(d)) and that the information contained in the Annual Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of Quest Diagnostics Incorporated. 
 Dated February 21, 2023 s James E. Davis James E. Davis Chief Executive Officer and President 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 12
 dgx12312022ex322.htm
 EX-32.2

Document 

Exhibit 32.2 
 CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. 1350, 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 
 Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, the undersigned certifies that, to the best of my knowledge, the Annual Report on Form 10-K for the period ended December 31, 2022 of Quest Diagnostics Incorporated, as being filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission concurrently herewith, fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (15 U.S.C. 78m or 78o(d)) and that the information contained in the Annual Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of Quest Diagnostics Incorporated. 
 Dated February 21, 2023 s Sam A. Samad Sam A. Samad Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-99.10>
 13
 dgx12312022ex9910.htm
 EX-99.10

Document 
 Exhibit 99.10 

 AMENDMENT NO. 7 TO SIXTH AMENDED AND RESTATED CREDIT AND SECURITY AGREEMENT 
 This Amendment No. 7 to Sixth Amended and Restated Credit and Security Agreement (this Amendment is entered into as of October 20, 2022 (the Effective Date ), by and among 
 (1) QUEST DIAGNOSTICS RECEIVABLES INC., a Delaware corporation (together with its successors and permitted assigns, the Borrower ), 
 (2) QUEST DIAGNOSTICS INCORPORATED, a Delaware corporation, as initial servicer (in such capacity, together with any successor servicer or sub-servicer, the Servicer ), 
 (3) PNC BANK, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION, in its individual capacity as a Lender (together with its successors, PNC or the PNC Group and as issuer of the Letters of Credit, 
 (4) GOTHAM FUNDING CORPORATION, a Delaware corporation (together with its successors, Gotham ), and MUFG BANK, LTD. (F K A THE BANK OF TOKYO-MITSUBISHI UFJ, LTD.), in its capacity as a Liquidity Bank to Gotham (together with its successors, MUFG and, together with Gotham, the Gotham Group ), 
 (5) ATLANTIC ASSET SECURITIZATION LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (together with its successors, Atlantic ), and CR DIT AGRICOLE CORPORATE AND INVESTMENT BANK, in its capacity as a Liquidity Bank to Atlantic (together with its successors, CACIB and, together with Atlantic, the Atlantic Group ), 
 (6) PNC BANK, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION, in its capacity as agent for the PNC Group (together with its successors in such capacity, a Co-Agent ), CR DIT AGRICOLE CORPORATE AND INVESTMENT BANK, in its capacity as agent for the Atlantic Group (together with its successors in such capacity, a Co-Agent ), and MUFG BANK, LTD. (F K A THE BANK OF TOKYO-MITSUBISHI UFJ, LTD.), in its capacity as agent for the Gotham Group (together with its successors in such capacity, a Co-Agent ), 
 (7) PNC BANK, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION, in its capacity as Letter of Credit issuer (together with its successors in such capacity, the LC Issuer ), and 
 (8) MUFG BANK, LTD. (F K A THE BANK OF TOKYO-MITSUBISHI UFJ, LTD.), as administrative agent for the Atlantic Group, the PNC Group, the Gotham Group and the Co-Agents (in such capacity, together with any successors thereto in such capacity, the Administrative Agent and together with each of the Co-Agents, the Agents ). 
 RECITALS 
 A. The Borrower, the Servicer, the PNC Group, the Gotham Group, the Atlantic Group and the Agents are parties to that certain Sixth Amended and Restated Credit and Security Agreement, dated as of October 27, 2017 (as amended, restated or otherwise modified from time to time, the Credit and Security Agreement capitalized terms used and not otherwise defined herein are used with the meanings attributed thereto in the Credit and Security Agreement). 
 
 Quest Amendment No. 7 to 6 th A&R CSA 
 154782977v1 

B. Each of the parties hereto desires to amend the Credit and Security Agreement as hereinafter set forth. 
 NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the premises, and for other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, the parties agree as follows 
 SECTION 1. Amendments to the Credit and Security Agreement . Subject to the satisfaction of the conditions set forth in Section 2 below, as of the Effective Date, (i) the Credit and Security Agreement is amended in accordance with Exhibit A-1 (Redline) hereto (a) by deleting all language which appears in strikethrough text on Exhibit A-1 (Redline) and (b) by inserting all language which appears in double-underlined text on Exhibit A-1 (Redline) , (ii) the outstanding A-Loans, B-Loans and participations in Letters of Credit shall be automatically reallocated among the Lenders so that each Lender (or with respect to any Group that has more than one Lender, the Lenders in such Group on a combined basis) is holding its Ratable Share, in each case after giving effect to this Amendment, of such outstanding A- Loans, B-Loans and participations in Letters of Credit, and (iii) any outstanding LMIR Loans (as defined in the Credit and Security Agreement prior to giving effect to this Amendment) shall be automatically and immediately converted into Daily Term SOFR Loans bearing interest at Adjusted Daily One Month Term SOFR. For the avoidance of doubt, notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in any prior amendment or amendments to the Credit and Security Agreement, the Credit and Security Agreement set forth in Exhibit A-1 (Redline) hereto and Exhibit A-2 (Clean) hereto reflect the current agreement of the parties hereto as to all of the terms and provisions of the Credit and Security Agreement as of the Effective Date. 
 SECTION 2. Conditions to Effectiveness . This Amendment shall become effective as of the Effective Date provided that each of the following conditions precedent is satisfied (a) The Administrative Agent shall have received counterparts of this Amendment (whether by electronic mail or otherwise) duly executed by each of the parties hereto (b) the Fee Letter dated of even date herewith shall have been duly executed by all parties thereto, and each of the Co-Agents shall have received payment in immediately available funds of their respective fees and (c) each of the representations and warranties set forth in Section 3 of this Amendment is true and correct as of the Effective Date. 
 SECTION 3. Representations and Warranties . The Borrower hereby represents and warrants to the Agents and the Lenders as of the Effective Date as follows 
 (a) Representations and Warranties . The representations and warranties contained in Article VI of the Credit and Security Agreement are true and correct as of the date hereof (unless stated to relate solely to an earlier date, in which case such representations or warranties were true and correct as of such earlier date). 
 (b) Enforceability . The execution and delivery by each of the Borrower and the Servicer of this Amendment, and the performance of each of its obligations under this Amendment and the Credit and Security Agreement, as amended hereby, are within each of its organizational powers and have been duly authorized by all necessary action on each of its parts. This Amendment and the Credit and Security Agreement, as amended hereby, are each of the Borrower s and the Servicer s valid and legally binding obligations, enforceable in accordance with its terms. 
 (c) No Default . Immediately after giving effect to this Amendment and the transactions contemplated hereby, no Event of Default or Unmatured Default exists or shall exist. 
 2 
 Quest Amendment No. 7 to 6 th A&R CSA 
 154782977v1 

SECTION 4. Legal Fees and Disbursements . The Borrower hereby acknowledges and agrees that this Amendment constitutes a Transaction Document and that the provisions of Section 14.5(a) of the Credit and Security Agreement apply hereto. 
 SECTION 5. Governing Law . This Amendment shall be governed by, and construed in accordance with, the internal laws of the State of New York without regard to any otherwise applicable conflicts of law principles (other than Sections 5-1401 and 5-1402 of the New York General Obligations Law which shall apply hereto). 
 SECTION 6. Effect of Amendment Ratification . Except as specifically amended hereby, the Credit and Security Agreement is hereby ratified and confirmed in all respects, and all of its provisions shall remain in full force and effect. After this Amendment becomes effective, all references in the Credit and Security Agreement (or in any other Transaction Document) to the Credit and Security Agreement , this Agreement , hereof , herein , or words of similar effect, in each case referring to the Credit and Security Agreement, shall be deemed to be references to the Credit and Security Agreement as amended hereby. This Amendment shall not be deemed to expressly or impliedly waive, amend, or supplement any provision of the Credit and Security Agreement other than as specifically set forth herein. The Borrower, the Servicer, the PNC Group, the Gotham Group, the Atlantic Group and the Agents shall treat this Amendment as not resulting in a significant modification of the Loans for U.S. federal, state and local income tax purposes. 
 SECTION 7. Counterparts . This Amendment may be executed in any number of counterparts and by different parties on separate counterparts, and each counterpart shall be deemed to be an original, and all such counterparts shall together constitute but one and the same instrument. To the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, delivery of an executed counterpart of a signature page of this Amendment by telefacsimile or electronic image scan transmission (such as a pdf file) will be effective to the same extent as delivery of a manually executed original counterpart of this Amendment. 
 SECTION 8. Section Headings . The various headings of this Amendment are inserted for convenience only and shall not affect the meaning or interpretation of this Amendment or the Credit and Security Agreement or any provision hereof or thereof. 
 SECTION 9. Successors and Assigns . This Amendment shall be binding upon and shall inure to the benefit of the parties hereto and their respective successors and assigns. 
 SECTION 10. Severability . If any one or more of the provisions or terms of this Amendment shall for any reason whatsoever be held invalid or unenforceable, then such agreements, provisions or terms shall be deemed severable from the remaining agreements, provisions and terms of this Amendment and shall in no way affect the validity or enforceability of the provisions of this Amendment or the Credit and Security Agreement. 
 
 Balance of page intentionally left blank 
 3 
 Quest Amendment No. 7 to 6 th A&R CSA 
 154782977v1 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties have executed this Amendment as of the date first written above. 
 QUEST DIAGNOSTICS RECEIVABLES INC. 
 
 By _ s Sandip R Patel __________ Name Sandip R. Patel Title Vice President and Treasurer 

QUEST DIAGNOSTICS INCORPORATED, as Servicer and as Performance Guarantor 

By ___ s Sandip R. Patel__________ 
 Name Sandip R. Patel Title Vice President and Treasurer 

4 
 Quest Amendment No. 7 to 6 th A&R CSA 
 154782977v1 

ATLANTIC ASSET SECURITIZATION LLC, as a Conduit 

By ____ s Konstantina Kourmpetis______ 
 Name Konstantina Kourmpetis 
 Title Managing Director 

By __ s Richard McBride _______________ Name Richard McBride Title Director 

5 
 Quest Amendment No. 7 to 6 th A&R CSA 
 154782977v1 

CR DIT AGRICOLE CORPORATE AND INVESTMENT BANK, individually as a Liquidity Bank for Atlantic and as Atlantic Group Agent 

By ____ s Konstantina Kourmpetis______ Name Konstantina Kourmpetis 
 Title Managing Director 

By __ s Richard McBride _______________ Name Richard McBride Title Director 

6 
 Quest Amendment No. 7 to 6 th A&R CSA 
 154782977v1 

PNC BANK, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION, 
 individually as a Lender, as PNC Group Agent and as LC Issuer 

By _ s Henry Chan ______ Name Henry Chan Title Senior Vice President 

7 
 Quest Amendment No. 7 to 6 th A&R CSA 
 154782977v1 

GOTHAM FUNDING CORPORATION, as a Conduit 

By __ s Kevin J. Corrigan ________ Name Kevin J. Corrigan Title Vice President 

8 
 Quest Amendment No. 7 to 6 th A&R CSA 
 154782977v1 

MUFG BANK, LTD. (F K A THE BANK OF TOKYO-MITSUBISHI UFJ, LTD.), individually as a Liquidity Bank for Gotham 

By __ s Eric Williams __________________ 
 Name Eric Williams 
 Title Managing Director 

MUFG BANK, LTD. (F K A THE BANK OF TOKYO-MITSUBISHI UFJ, LTD.), as Gotham Agent 

By __ s Eric Williams __________________ 
 Name Eric Williams 
 Title Managing Director 

MUFG BANK, LTD. (F K A THE BANK OF TOKYO-MITSUBISHI UFJ, LTD.), as Administrative Agent 

By __ s Eric Williams __________________ 
 Name Eric Williams 
 Title Managing Director 

9 
 Quest Amendment No. 7 to 6 th A&R CSA 
 154782977v1 

Exhibit A-1 
 Credit and Security Agreement (Redlined) 
 
 See attached 

10 
 Quest Amendment No. 7 to 6 th A&R CSA 
 154782977v1 

Exhibit A-2 
 Credit and Security Agreement (Clean) 
 
 See attached 

11 
 Quest Amendment No. 7 to 6 th A&R CSA 
 154782977v1 

</EX-99.10>

<EX-99.12>
 14
 dgx12312022ex9912.htm
 EX-99.12

Document 
 Exhibit 99.12 

 GROUP JOINDER AGREEMENT 
 Dated as of August 13, 2021 

THIS GROUP JOINDER AGREEMENT (this Joinder Agreement is executed and delivered by Reprosource Fertility Diagnostics, Inc., a Massachusetts corporation, Blueprint Genetics, Inc., a Delaware corporation, and Mid America Clinical Laboratories, LLC, an Indiana limited liability company (each, a New Seller and collectively, the New Sellers in favor of Quest Diagnostics Receivables Inc., a Delaware corporation, as purchaser (the Buyer ), with respect to that certain Fourth Amended and Restated Receivables Sale Agreement dated as of October 28, 2015 by and between Quest Diagnostics Incorporated and certain of its subsidiaries from time to time party thereto as Sellers and the Buyer (as amended, supplemented, joined, restated and or otherwise modified from time to time, the Sale Agreement ). Capitalized terms used and not otherwise defined herein are used with the meanings attributed thereto in the Sale Agreement. 
 Subject to receipt of counterparts hereof signed by the Administrative Agent and the Buyer, by its signature below, each New Seller hereby absolutely and unconditionally agrees to become a party to the Sale Agreement as a Seller thereunder and to be bound by the provisions thereof, including, without limitation, the provisions of Section 8.12 thereof. 
 Attached hereto is an amended and restated version of Schedule 2.1(o) to the Sale Agreement. After giving effect to the amendments and restatements embodied therein, each of the representations and warranties contained in Article II of the Sale Agreement will be true and correct as to each New Seller. 
 The Responsible Officers of each New Seller will be any of its Treasurer or any Vice President, acting singly. 
 Delivered herewith are each of the documents, certificates and opinions required to be delivered by each New Seller pursuant to Article V of the Sale Agreement. 
 The provisions of Article VIII of the Sale Agreement are incorporated in this Joinder Agreement by this reference with the same force and effect as if set forth in full herein except that references in such Article VIII to this Agreement shall be deemed to refer to this Joinder Agreement and to the Sale Agreement as modified by this Joinder Agreement. 
 Please acknowledge your consent to each New Seller s joinder in the Sale Agreement by signing the enclosed copy hereof in the appropriate space provided below and Emailing a scanned image of such counterpart to the Administrative Agent and to each New Seller at the Email addresses set forth below their respective signatures hereto. 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, each New Seller has executed this Group Joinder Agreement as of the date first above written. 
 
 REPROSOURCE FERTILITY DIAGNOSTICS, INC., a Massachusetts corporation 

By _ s Sandip R. Patel ________________ Name Sandip R. Patel 
 Title Vice President & Treasurer 
 
 Quest Diagnostics 
 500 Plaza Drive 
 Secaucus, NJ 07094 
 
 BLUEPRINT GENETICS, INC., a Delaware corporation 

By _ s Sandip R. Patel ________________ Name Sandip R. Patel 
 Title Vice President & Treasurer 
 
 Quest Diagnostics 
 500 Plaza Drive 
 Secaucus, NJ 07094 
 
 MID AMERICA CLINICAL LABORATORIES, LLC, an Indiana limited liability company 

By _ s Sandip R. Patel ________________ Name Sandip R. Patel 
 Title Vice President & Treasurer 

Quest Diagnostics 
 500 Plaza Drive 
 Secaucus, NJ 07094 
 The undersigned hereby consents to each New Seller s joinder in the Sale Agreement 
 
 QUEST DIAGNOSTICS RECEIVABLES INC., as Buyer 

By _ s Sandip R. Patel ________________ Name Sandip R. Patel 
 Title Vice President & Treasurer 
 
 Quest Diagnostics 
 500 Plaza Drive 
 Secaucus, NJ 07094 
 
 2 

The undersigned hereby consents 
 to each New Seller s joinder in the Sale Agreement 

MUFG BANK, LTD., as Administrative Agent 

By _ s Eric Williams _______________________________ 
 Name Eric Williams 
 Title Managing Director 

3 

AMENDED AND RESTATED SCHEDULE 2.1(o) 
 SELLERS FEDERAL TAXPAYER ID NUMBERS AND LOCATION OF RECORDS 
 Location of Records Federal EIN Legal Name of Seller i 
 Fictitious Name (DBA) Prior Legal Name ii 
 5785 Corporate Avenue 
 Cypress, CA 90630 
 52-1604494 Quest Diagnostics Infectious Disease, Inc. (DE) Focus Diagnostics, Inc. 
 (This was a name change) 
 33608 Ortega Highway 
 San Juan Capistrano, CA 92675 
 95-2701802 Quest Diagnostics Nichols Institute (CA) Nichols Institute N A 8401 Fallbrook Avenue West Hills, CA 91304 71-8097031 Unilab Corporation (DE) Quest Diagnostics N A 27027 Tourney Road Valencia, CA 91355-5386 95-2961036 Specialty Laboratories, Inc. (CA) Quest Diagnostics Nichols Institute of Valencia, Inc. N A 3 Sterling Drive 
 Wallingford, CT 06492 
 06-0460613 Quest Diagnostics LLC (CT) N A N A 1001 Adams Avenue Norristown, PA 19403 
 38-2084239 Quest Diagnostics Clinical Laboratories, Inc. (DE) N A N A 1355 Mittel Blvd. 
 Wood Dale, IL 60191 
 36-4257926 Quest Diagnostics LLC (IL) N A N A 10101 Renner Blvd. 
 Lenexa, KS 66219 
 43-1039532 LabOne, LLC (MO) Quest Diagnostics 200 Forest Street Marlborough, MA 01752 
 31-1805826 Athena Diagnostics, Inc. (DE) N A N A 200 Forest Street Marlborough, MA 01752 
 04-3248020 Quest Diagnostics LLC (MA) Quest Diagnostics of Connecticut LLC N A 1901 Sulphur Spring Road Baltimore, MD 21227 
 52-0890739 Quest Diagnostics Incorporated (MD) N A N A 506 E. State Parkway 
 Schaumburg, IL 60173 
 38-2084239 Quest Diagnostics Clinical Laboratories, Inc. (DE) N A Quest Diagnostics Incorporated (MI) (merged into QDCL) 10101 Renner Blvd. 
 Lenexa, KS 66219 
 20-1908041 Quest Diagnostics Health and Wellness LLC (DE) Summit Health, Inc. 
 (this was a change of name and entity type) 
 1 Insights Drive 
 Clifton, NJ 07012 
 16-1387862 Quest Diagnostics Incorporated (DE) iii 
 QDI Delaware Incorporated N A 4380 Federal Drive, Suite 100 
 Greensboro, NC 27410 
 38-2084239 Quest Diagnostics Clinical Laboratories, Inc. (DE) Solstas Lab Partners 
 Solstas Lab Partners Group 
 Solstas Lab Partners, LLC and Solstas Lab Partners Group, LLC (merged into QDCL) Location of Records Federal EIN Legal Name of Seller Fictitious Name (DBA) Prior Legal Name 4380 Federal Drive, Suite 100 
 Greensboro, NC 27410 
 4230 Burnham Avenue 
 Las Vegas, NV 89119 
 88-0099333 Quest Diagnostics Incorporated (NV) Quest Diagnostics Incorporated of Nevada 
 Quest Diagnostics 
 N A 6700 Steger Drive 
 Cincinnati, OH 45237 
 20-0310967 LabOne of Ohio, Inc. (DE) 
 LabOne 
 Quest Diagnostics 
 N A 
 4 

4690 Parkway Drive 
 Mason, OH 45040 
 38-2084239 Quest Diagnostics Clinical Laboratories, Inc. (DE) MedPlus, Inc. (OH) (merged into QDCL) 4 Parkway Center 
 875 Greentree Road 
 Pittsburgh, PA 15220 
 22-3137283 Quest Diagnostics of Pennsylvania Inc. (DE) N A N A 14225 Newbook Drive Chantilly, VA 20153 
 54-0854787 Quest Diagnostics Nichols Institute, Inc. (VA) Nichols Institute N A 10101 Renner Blvd. 
 Lenexa, KS 66219 
 23-2057350 ExamOne World Wide, Inc. (PA) N A N A 2505 3 rd Avenue, Suite 204 
 Seattle, WA 98121 
 37-1768269 Blueprint Genetics Inc. (DE) 2560 N. Shadeland Avenue 
 Indianapolis, IN 46219 
 35-2014838 Mid America Clinical Laboratories, LLC (IN) 200 Forest Street Marlborough, MA 01752 
 26-2679473 Reprosource Fertility Diagnostics, Inc. (MA) 

5 

i State designations represent the states in which entity is incorporated or organized. These designations are not part of the legal corporate name, but are included here for reference purposes only. 
 ii No prior legal names within the past five years. 
 iii Corporate office located at 500 Plaza Drive, Secaucus, NJ 07094. 
 6 

</EX-99.12>

<EX-101.SCH>
 15
 dgx-20221231.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 16
 dgx-20221231_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 17
 dgx-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 18
 dgx-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 19
 dgx-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

