<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230331_10-K_edgar_data_1589149_0001493152-23-010230.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>13987180</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>318512</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1890334</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>5354326</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>2810421</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>3328818</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>11</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001493152-23-010230.hdr.sgml : 20230331
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230331160242
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001493152-23-010230
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		101
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230331
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230331

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Greenwave Technology Solutions, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001589149
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	WHOLESALE-METALS SERVICE CENTERS & OFFICES [5051]
		IRS NUMBER:				462612944
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-41452
		FILM NUMBER:		23787434

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		277 SUBURBAN DRIVE
		CITY:			SUFFOLK
		STATE:			VA
		ZIP:			23434
		BUSINESS PHONE:		757-966-1432

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		277 SUBURBAN DRIVE
		CITY:			SUFFOLK
		STATE:			VA
		ZIP:			23434

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	MassRoots, Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20131011

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001493152-23-010230.txt : 20230331

10-K
 1
 form10-k.htm

UNITED
STATES 

 SECURITIES
AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

 Washington,
D.C. 20549 

FORM

ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For
the fiscal year ended , 

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For
the transition period from ________ to _________ 

Commission
File Number: 

(Exact
name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

(State
 or jurisdiction of 
 Incorporation or organization) 
 
 I.R.S
 Employer 
 Identification No. 

, , , 

(Address
 of principal executive offices) 
 
 (Zip
 code) 

(Registrant s
telephone number, including area code) 

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: None 

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: 

Title
 of each class 
 
 Trading
 Symbol(s) 
 
 Name
 of each exchange on which registered 

The
 Stock Market, LLC 

Indicate
by check mark whether the Registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes 

Indicate
by check mark if the Registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes 

Indicate
by check mark whether the Registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2)
has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 

Indicate
by check mark whether the Registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule
405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant
was required to submit such files). No 

Indicate
by check mark whether the Registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting
company, or an emerging growth company. See definition of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller
reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large
 accelerated filer 
 Accelerated
 filer 
 
 Smaller
 Reporting Company 

Emerging
 Growth Company 

If
an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the Registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying
with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate
by check mark whether the Registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness
of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered
public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 

Indicate
by check mark whether the Registrant is a shell company (as defined by Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act) Yes 

The
aggregate market value of voting and non-voting common equity held by non-affiliates of the Registrant was as of June 30,
2022. 

The
number of shares of Registrant s common stock outstanding was as of March 29, 2023. 

All
share and per share numbers have been retroactively adjusted to give effect to a 1-for-300 share consolidation effective February 28,
2022. 

GREENWAVE
TECHNOLOGY SOLUTIONS, INC. 
FORM 10-K ANNUAL REPORT 
FOR THE FISCAL YEAR ENDED 
DECEMBER 31, 2022 
TABLE OF CONTENTS 

Page 
 
 PART I 

1 
 
 Item
 1. 
 Business 
 
 1 
 
 Item
 1A. 
 Risk Factors 
 
 5 
 
 Item
 1B. 
 Unresolved Staff Comments 
 
 18 
 
 Item
 2. 
 Properties 
 
 18 
 
 Item
 3. 
 Legal Proceedings 
 
 19 
 
 Item
 4. 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 
 19 

PART II 

20 
 
 Item
 5. 
 Market for the Registrant s Common Stock, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 
 20 
 
 Item
 6. 
 Reserved 
 
 21 
 
 Item
 7. 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 
 21 
 
 Item
 7A. 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 
 27 
 
 Item
 8. 
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 
 27 
 
 Item
 9. 
 Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 
 27 
 
 Item
 9A. 
 Controls and Procedures 
 
 28 
 
 Item
 9B. 
 Other Information 
 
 29 
 
 Item
 9C. 
 Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions That Prevent Inspections 
 
 29 

PART III 

Item
 10. 
 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 
 29 
 
 Item
 11. 
 Executive Compensation 
 
 33 
 
 Item
 12. 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 
 38 
 
 Item
 13. 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions and Director Independence 
 
 39 
 
 Item
 14. 
 Principal Accountant Fees and Services 
 
 41 

PART IV 

42 
 
 Item
 15. 
 Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 
 
 42 

I 

SPECIAL
NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 

Statements
in this Annual Report on Form 10-K Annual Report may be forward-looking statements within the meaning of
Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act
of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ). 

Forward-looking
statements include, but are not limited to, statements that express our intentions, beliefs, expectations, strategies, predictions or
any other statements relating to our future activities or other future events or conditions. These statements are often, but not always,
made through the use of words or phrases such as believe, will, may, could, continue, 
 should, contemplate, expect, anticipate, estimate, intend, 
 target, forecast, outlook, guidance, project, potential, 
 plan and would, and similar expressions that convey uncertainty of future events or outcomes are intended
to identify forward-looking statements. These statements are based on current expectations, estimates and projections about our business
based in part on assumptions made by management. These statements are not guarantees of future performance and involve risks, uncertainties
and assumptions that are difficult to predict. Therefore, actual outcomes and results may, and are likely to, differ materially from
what is expressed or forecasted in the forward-looking statements due to numerous factors, including those set forth in Item 1A.
Risk Factors and elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

You
are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the date of this Annual Report
on Form 10-K. Any forward-looking statements speak only as of the date on which they are made, and we disclaim any obligation to publicly
update or release any revisions to these forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise,
after the date of this Annual Report on Form 10-K or to reflect the occurrence of unanticipated events, except as required by law. 

You
should read this Annual Report with the understanding that our actual future results, levels of activity, performance, and events and
circumstances may be materially different from what we expect. 

II 

PART
I 

On
October 19, 2021, we changed our corporate name from MassRoots, Inc. to Greenwave Technology Solutions, Inc. We will not distinguish
between our prior and current corporate name and will refer to our current corporate name throughout this Annual Report on Form 10-K.
As such, unless expressly indicated or the content indicates otherwise, as used in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, the terms Registrant, 
 Company, Greenwave, we, us, and our refers to Greenwave Technology
Solutions, Inc., a Delaware corporation, and its subsidiaries taken as a whole, unless otherwise noted. 

This
Annual Report contains additional trade names, trademarks, and service marks of other companies, which are the property of their respective
owners. We do not intend our use or display of other companies trade names, trademarks, or service marks to imply a relationship
with, or endorsement or sponsorship of us by, these other companies. 

ITEM
1. BUSINESS 

Overview 

We
were formed in April 26, 2013 as a technology platform developer under the name MassRoots, Inc. In October 2021, we changed our corporate
name from MassRoots, Inc. to Greenwave Technology Solutions, Inc. We sold all of our social media assets
on October 28, 2021 for cash consideration equal to 10,000 and has discontinued all operations related to its social media business.
On September 30, 2021, we closed our acquisition of Empire Services, Inc. Empire ), which operates 14 metal recycling facilities
in Virginia, North Carolina, and Ohio. The acquisition was effective October 1, 2021 upon the effectiveness of the Certificate of Merger
in Virginia. 

Upon
the acquisition of Empire, we transitioned into the scrap metal industry which involves collecting, classifying and processing appliances,
construction material, end-of-life vehicles, boats, and industrial machinery. We process these items by crushing, shearing, shredding,
separating, and sorting, into smaller pieces and categorize these recycled ferrous, nonferrous, and mixed metal pieces based on density
and metal prior to sale. In cases of scrap cars, we remove the catalytic converters, aluminum wheels, and batteries for separate processing
and sale prior to shredding the vehicle. We have designed our systems to maximize the value of metals produced from this process. 

We
operate an automotive shredder at our Kelford, North Carolina location and a second automotive shredder at our Carrollton, Virginia is
expected to come online in the second quarter of 2023. Our shredders are designed to produce a denser product and, in concert with advanced
separation equipment, more refined recycled ferrous metals, which are more valuable as they require less processing to produce recycled
steel products. In totality, this process reduces large metal objects like auto bodies into baseball-sized pieces of shredded recycled
metal. 

The
shredded pieces are then placed on a conveyor belt under magnetized drums to separate the ferrous metal from the mixed nonferrous metal
and residue, producing consistent and high-quality ferrous scrap metal. The nonferrous metals and other materials then go through a number
of additional mechanical systems which separate the nonferrous metal from any residue. The remaining nonferrous metal is further processed
to sort the metal by type, grade, and quality prior to being sold as products, such as zorba (mainly aluminum), zurik (mainly stainless
steel), and shredded insulated wire (mainly copper and aluminum). 

One
of our main corporate priorities is to open a facility with rail or deep-water port access to enable us to efficiently transport our
products to domestic steel mills and overseas foundries. Because this would greatly expand the number of potential buyers of our processed
scrap products, we believe opening a facility with port or rail access could result in an increase in both the revenue and profitability
of our existing operations. 

1 

Empire
is headquartered in Chesapeake, Virginia and employs 143 people as of March 21, 2023. 

Background 

We
were incorporated in the state of Delaware on April 26, 2013 as a technology platform. Our principal executive office is located at 4016
Raintree Rd, Ste 300, Chesapeake, VA 23321, and our telephone number is (757) 966-1432. 

On
January 25, 2017, we consummated a reverse triangular merger (the Whaxy Merger pursuant to which we acquired all of the
outstanding common stock of DDDigtal Inc. d.b.a. Whaxy DDDigtal ), a Colorado corporation. Upon closing of the Whaxy Merger,
each share of DDDigtal s common stock was exchanged for such number of shares of our common stock (or a fraction thereof) based
on an exchange ratio equal to approximately 5.273-for-1, such that 1 share of our common stock was issued for every 5.273 shares of DDDigtal s
common stock. At the closing of the Whaxy Merger, all shares of common stock of our newly-formed merger subsidiary formed for the sole
purpose of effectuating the Whaxy Merger, were converted into and exchanged for one share of common stock of DDDigtal, and all shares
of DDDigtal s common stock that were outstanding immediately prior to the closing of the Whaxy Merger were automatically cancelled
and retired. Upon the closing of the Whaxy Merger, DDDigtal continued as our surviving wholly-owned subsidiary, and the merger subsidiary
ceased to exist. 

On
July 13, 2017, we consummated a reverse triangular merger (the Odava Merger pursuant to which we acquired all of the outstanding
common stock of Odava Inc. Odava ), a Delaware corporation. Upon closing of the Odava Merger, each share of Odava s
common stock was exchanged for such number of shares of our common stock (or a fraction thereof), based on an exchange ratio equal to
approximately 4.069-for-1, such that 1 share of our common stock was issued for every 4.069 shares of Odava s common stock. At
the closing of the Odava Merger, all shares of common stock of our newly-formed merger subsidiary formed for the sole purpose of effectuating
the Odava Merger, were converted into and exchanged for one share of common stock of Odava, and all shares of Odava s common stock
that were outstanding immediately prior to the closing of the Odava Merger automatically cancelled and retired. Upon the closing of the
Odava Merger, Odava continued as our surviving wholly-owned subsidiary, and the merger subsidiary ceased to exist. 

On
October 1, 2021, we consummated a reverse triangular merger (the Empire Merger pursuant to which we acquired all of the
outstanding common stock of Empire Services, Inc. Empire ), a Virginia corporation. Upon closing of the Empire Merger,
all of the shares of Empire s common stock was exchanged for 1,650,000 shares of our common stock. At the closing of the Empire
Merger, all shares of common stock of our newly-formed merger subsidiary formed for the sole purpose of effectuating the Empire Merger,
were converted into and exchanged for one share of common stock of Empire, and all shares of Empire s common stock that were outstanding
immediately prior to the closing of the Empire Merger automatically cancelled and retired. Upon the closing of the Empire Merger, Empire
continued as our surviving wholly-owned subsidiary, and the merger subsidiary ceased to exist. 

2 

Products
and Services 

Our
main product is selling ferrous metal, which is used in the recycling and production of finished steel. It is categorized into heavy
melting steel, plate and structural, and shredded scrap, with various grades of each of those categorized based on the content, size
and consistency of the metal. All of these attributes affect the metal s value. 

We
also process nonferrous metals such as aluminum, copper, stainless steel, nickel, brass, titanium, lead, alloys and mixed metal products.
Additionally, we sell the catalytic converters recovered from end-of-life vehicles to processors which extract the nonferrous precious
metals such as platinum, palladium and rhodium. 

We
provide metal recycling services to a wide range of suppliers, including large corporations, industrial manufacturers, retail customers,
and government organizations. 

Pricing
and Customers 

Prices
for our ferrous and nonferrous products are based on prevailing market rates and are subject to market cycles, worldwide steel demand,
government regulations and policy, and supply of products that can be processed into recycled steel. Our main buyers adjust the prices
they pay for scrap metal products based on market rates usually on a monthly or bi-weekly basis. We are usually paid for the scrap metal
we deliver to customers within 14 days of delivery. 

Based
on any price changes from our customers or our other buyers, we in turn adjust the price for unprocessed scrap we pay suppliers in order
to manage the impact on our operating income and cashflows. 

The
spread we are able to realize between the sales prices and the cost of purchasing scrap metal is determined by a number of factors, including
transportation and processing costs. Historically, we have experienced sustained periods of stable or rising metal selling prices, which
allow us to manage or increase our operating income. When selling prices decline, we adjust the prices we pay customers to minimize the
impact to our operating income. 

Sources
of Unprocessed Metal 

Our
main sources of unprocessed metal we purchase are end-of-life vehicles, old equipment, appliances and other consumer goods, and scrap
metal from construction or manufacturing operations. We acquire this unprocessed metal from a wide base of suppliers including large
corporations, industrial manufacturers, retail customers, and government organizations who unload their metal at our facilities or we
pick it up and transport it from the supplier s location. Currently, our operations and main suppliers are located in the Hampton
Roads and northeastern North Carolina markets. In the second quarter of 2023, we are expanding our operations by opening a metal recycling
facility in Cleveland, Ohio. 

Our
supply of scrap metal is influenced by overall health of economic activity in the United States, changes in prices for recycled metal,
and, to a lesser extent, seasonal factors such as severe weather conditions, which may prohibit or inhibit scrap metal collection. 

Technology 

In
May 2021, we launched our new website. For the first time, Empire s customers can see the current prices for each type of scrap
metal. Our website is also integrated with Google s Business Profiles, listing many of Empire s locations on Google for the
first time. In late May 2021, the Empire launched a junk car buying platform, where people looking to sell their scrap cars can get a
quote within minutes, and integrated Google Ads, enabling Empire to micro-target their advertising based on location, age, income, and
other factors. 

Additionally,
during 2021, the Company moved the operations of each of their yards to WeighPay, a cloud-based Enterprise Resource Planning ERP 
system, which enables management to track sales, inventory, and operations at each facility in real time, while also establishing stronger
internal controls and systems. Additionally, in 2021, the Company moved Empire s accounting systems over to a cloud-based QuickBooks
to facilitate collaboration and further growth. 

3 

The
technology systems and improvements Empire implemented have resulted in a significant increase in new customers, hundreds of quotes and
dozens of purchases of junk cars, and we believe a material increase in Empire s revenues as a result of these improvements. These
systems have also streamlined Empire s accounting and internal operations to enable any future acquisitions to be closed quickly
and efficiently. Lastly, through the data-driven decision processes that have been introduced, Empire s strategy on future locations
and pricing is being informed by accurate and relevant data. 

Now
that strong foundational systems are in place, management has begun to repurpose Greenwave s technology platform that it developed
from 2013 to 2020 into a marketing and CRM platform for scrap metal yards. This system will enable each facility to: 

Send
 text and email updates and special deals to their customers; 

Implement
 a points-based rewards system; 

Enable
 consumers to view scrap metal yards in their local area along with prices; 

Receive
 quotes for junk cars in real-time; 

Leave
 and respond to reviews of scrap yards; and 

View
 analytics and conversion data. 

Over
the past ten years, Greenwave has invested approximately 10 million developing these technologies which we believe we can re-purpose
for a fraction of the cost of development, give our metal recycling facilities and those who pay to use our platform a significant competitive
advantage, and grow our revenues and profits as a result. 

There
are few companies developing technology solutions for the scrap metal industry and we believe that by focusing our experience and assets
on this highly-profitable but often overlooked industry, we can create significant value for our shareholders. 

Competition 

We
compete with several large, well-financed recyclers of scrap metal, steel mills which own their own scrap metal processing operations,
and with smaller metal recycling companies. Demand for metal products are sensitive to global economic conditions, the relative value
of the U.S. dollar, and availability of material alternatives, including recycled metal substitutes. Prices for recycled metal are also
influenced by tariffs, quotas, and other import restrictions, and by licensing and government requirements. 

We
aim to create a competitive advantage through our ability to process significant volumes of metal products, our use of processing and
separation equipment, the number and location of our facilities, and the operating synergies we have been able to develop based on our
experience. 

Recent
Developments 

In
July 2022, the Company s common stock began trading on the Nasdaq Capital Market Nasdaq ). Simultaneously with the listing of the Company s
common stock on Nasdaq on July 22, 2022, the Company s senior secured convertible notes in the principal amount of 37,714,966
together with accrued interest in the amount of 1,470,884 were converted into shares of common stock at a conversion price of 6.02
per share. 

In
November 2022, we opened a metal recycling facility in Fairmont, NC. 

In
January 2023, we leased a property in Chesapeake, VA. 

In
April 2023, we are opening a metal recycling facility in Cleveland, Ohio. 

Intellectual
Property 

None. 

4 

Employees
and Human Capital Resources 

Greenwave
has 143 full-time employees as of March 21, 2023. 

We
view our diverse employee population and our culture as key to our success. Our company culture prioritizes learning, supports growth
and empowers us to reach new heights. We recruit employees with the skills and training relevant to succeed and thrive in their functional
responsibilities. We assess the likelihood that a particular candidate will contribute to the Company s overall goals, and beyond
their specifically assigned tasks. Depending on the position, our recruitment reach can be local as well as national. We provide competitive
compensation and best in class benefits that are tailored specifically to the needs and requests of our employees. During 2021 and 2022,
we worked to manage through the effects of the COVID-19 pandemic and entered 2023 stronger than ever. As appropriate, others were provided
the option of working remotely or at our facilities with appropriate safeguards. We uphold our commitment to shareholders by working
hard and being thoughtful and deliberate in how we use resources. 

Available
Information 

We
file Annual Reports on Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, Current Reports on Form 8-K and other information with the Securities
and Exchange Commission (SEC). Our filings with the SEC are available free of charge on the SEC s website at www.sec.gov 
and on our website under the Investors tab as soon as reasonably practicable after we electronically file such material
with, or furnish it to, the SEC. 

ITEM
1A. RISK FACTORS 

An
investment in our securities involves a high degree of risk. This Annual Report on Form 10-K contains the risks applicable to an investment
in our securities. The risks and uncertainties we have described are not the only ones we face. Additional risks and uncertainties not
presently known to us or that we currently deem immaterial may also affect our operations. The occurrence of any of these known or unknown
risks might cause you to lose all or part of your investment in the offered securities. 

Risk
Factors Summary 

Risks
Relating to Our Business and Industry 

The coronavirus disease (COVID-19) pandemic has had, and may continue to have, an adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. Future epidemics or other public health emergencies could have similar effects. 

We operate in industries that are cyclical and sensitive to general economic conditions, which could have a material adverse effect on our operating results, financial condition and cash flows. 

Changing conditions in global markets including the impact of sanctions and tariffs, quotas and other trade actions and import restrictions may adversely affect our operating results, financial condition and cash flows. 

Changes in the availability or price of inputs such as raw materials and end-of-life vehicles could reduce our sales. 

Significant decreases in scrap metal prices may adversely impact our operating results. 

Imbalances in supply and demand conditions in the global steel industry may reduce demand for our products. 

Impairment of long-lived assets and equity investments may adversely affect our operating results. 

We may be unable to renew facility leases, thus restricting our ability to operate. 

Increases in the value of the U.S. dollar relative to other currencies may reduce the demand for our products. 

Equipment upgrades, equipment failures and facility damage may lead to production curtailments or shutdowns. 

We are subject to legal proceedings and legal compliance risks that may adversely impact our financial condition, results of operations and liquidity. 

Climate change may adversely impact our facilities and our ongoing operations. 

Catastrophic events may disrupt our business and impair our ability to provide our platform to clients and consumers, resulting in costs for remediation, client and consumer dissatisfaction, and other business or financial losses. 

5 

We
 depend on a small number of suppliers for the materials necessary to run our business. The loss of these suppliers, or their failure
 to supply us with these materials, would materially and adversely affect our business. 

We
 have substantial customer concentration, with a limited number of customers accounting for a substantial portion of our 2022 and
 2021 revenues. 

We
 have a limited history upon which an evaluation of our prospects and future performance can be made and have no history of profitable
 operations. 

We
 are highly dependent on the services of key executives, the loss of whom could materially harm our business and our strategic direction.
 If we lose key management or significant personnel, cannot recruit qualified employees, directors, officers, or other personnel or
 experience increases in our compensation costs, our business may materially suffer. 

We
 may need to obtain additional financing to fund our operations. 

Our
 independent registered accounting firm has expressed concerns about our ability to continue as a going concern. 

In
the past we have experienced material weaknesses in our internal control over financial reporting, which if continued, could impair our
financial condition. 

Risks
Relating to Government Laws and Regulations 

Tax
 increases and changes in tax rules may adversely affect our financial results. 

We
 may not realize our deferred tax assets in the future. 

Environmental
 compliance costs and potential environmental liabilities may have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results
 of operations. 

Governmental
 agencies may refuse to grant or renew our licenses and permits, thus restricting our ability to operate. 

Compliance
 with existing and future climate change and greenhouse gas emission laws and regulations may adversely impact our operating results. 

Risks
Relating to Intellectual Property 

We
 may not be able to protect our intellectual property rights throughout the world. 

We
 may be involved in lawsuits to protect or enforce our intellectual property, which could be expensive, time-consuming and unsuccessful
 and the outcome might have an adverse effect on the success of our business. 

We
 may be subject to claims by third parties asserting that our employees or we have misappropriated their intellectual property or
 claiming ownership of what we regard as our own intellectual property. 

Risks
Related to our Common Stock 

The
 market price of our common stock may be volatile and adversely affected by several factors. 

If
 our shares of common stock become subject to the penny stock rules, it would become more difficult to trade our shares. 

We
 are a smaller reporting company within the meaning of the Securities Act, and if we decide to take advantage of certain
 exemptions from various reporting requirements applicable to smaller reporting companies, our common stock could be less attractive
 to investors. 

We
 do not anticipate paying dividends on our common stock, and investors may lose the entire amount of their investment. 

You
 could lose some or all of your investment. 

Our
 management controls a large block of our common stock that will allow them to control us. 

Because
 we can issue additional shares of Common Stock, purchasers of our Common Stock may incur immediate dilution and experience further
 dilution. 

Provisions
 in our Second Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation and Amended and Restated Bylaws and Delaware law might discourage,
 delay or prevent a change in control of our Company or changes in our management and, therefore, depress the market price of our
 Common Stock. 

6 

If
 securities or industry research analysts do not publish research or reports about our business, or if they issue unfavorable or misleading
 opinions regarding common stock, the market price and trading volume of our Common Stock could decline. 

Future
 sales and issuances of our Common Stock or rights to purchase our Common Stock, including pursuant to our equity incentive plans,
 could result in additional dilution of the percentage ownership of our stockholders and could cause our stock price to fall. 

We
 have broad discretion in the use of the net proceeds from our public offerings and may not use them effectively. 

Our
 disclosure controls and procedures may not prevent or detect all errors or acts of fraud. 

As a newly Nasdaq-listed company, we will incur material increased costs
and become subject to additional regulations and requirements. 

Risks
Relating to Our Business and Industry 

The
coronavirus disease (COVID-19) pandemic has had, and may continue to have, an adverse effect on our business, results of operations,
financial condition and cash flows. Future epidemics or other public health emergencies could have similar effects. 

Our
operations expose us to risks associated with pandemics, epidemics or other public health emergencies, such as the COVID-19 pandemic
which spread to many other countries including the United States. In March 2020, the World Health Organization characterized COVID-19
as a pandemic, and the President of the United States declared the COVID-19 outbreak a national emergency. The outbreak resulted in governments
around the world implementing stringent measures to help control the spread of the virus, followed by phased regulations and guidelines
for reopening communities and economies. In addition, governments and central banks in several parts of the world have enacted fiscal
and monetary stimulus measures to counteract the impacts of COVID-19. 

We
are a company operating in a critical infrastructure industry, as defined by the U.S. Department of Homeland Security. Consistent with
federal guidelines and with state and local orders to date, we have continued to operate across our footprint. Notwithstanding our continued
operations, COVID-19 has negatively impacted and may have further negative impacts on our financial performance, operations, supply chain
and flows of raw materials, transportation and logistics networks and customers. Due in large part to the impacts of and response to
the spread of COVID-19, global economic conditions declined sharply during the second quarter of fiscal 2020, resulting in historic unemployment
levels, rapid changes in supply and demand in certain industry sectors, businesses switching to remote work or ceasing operations, and
consumers eliminating, restricting or redirecting spending. The economic downturn adversely affected demand for our products and contributed
to weaker supply and demand conditions affecting prices and volumes in the markets for our products, services and raw materials. During
fiscal 2020, in particular the second quarter, our operations, margins and results were adversely impacted by lower sales volumes of
recycled metals driven by severely constrained supplies of scrap metal including end-of-life vehicles, leading to lower processed volumes
at our recycling facilities. We also experienced significant decreases in selling prices for our recycled metal products, softer demand,
supply chain disruptions, reduced availability of shipping containers, and other logistics constraints. During 2021, metal prices recovered,
contributing to an increase in revenues, although supply chain disruptions persisted. During 2022, we experienced minimal impacts from
the COVID-19 pandemic. 

The
COVID-19 pandemic could further negatively impact our business or results of operations through the temporary closure of our operating
locations or those of our customers or suppliers, disrupting scrap metal inflows to our recycling facilities, limiting our ability to
process scrap metal through our shredder, inhibiting the manufacture of steel products at our steel mill, and delaying or preventing
deliveries to our customers, among others. In addition, the ability of our employees and our suppliers and customers employees
to work may be significantly impacted by individuals contracting or being exposed to COVID-19, or as a result of prevention and control
measures, which may significantly hamper our production throughout the supply chain and constrict sales channels. 

Because
the severity, magnitude and duration of the COVID-19 pandemic and its economic consequences are uncertain, continually changing and difficult
to predict, the pandemic s impacts on our operations and financial performance, as well as its impact on our ability to successfully
execute our business strategies and initiatives, are also uncertain and difficult to predict. Further, the ultimate impact of the COVID-19
pandemic on our operations and financial performance depends on many factors that are not within our control, including, but not limited
to: governmental, business and individuals actions that have been and continue to be taken in response to the pandemic (including
restrictions on travel and transportation and workforce pressures); the impact of the pandemic and actions taken in response on global
and regional economies and on levels of economic activity; the availability of federal, state or local funding programs; general economic
uncertainty in key global markets and financial market volatility; global economic conditions and levels of economic growth; and the
pace of recovery when the COVID-19 pandemic subsides. While we expect the COVID-19 pandemic to continue to negatively impact our results
of operations, cash flows and financial position, the current level of uncertainty over the economic and operational impacts of COVID-19
means the related financial impact cannot be reasonably estimated at this time. 

7 

We
operate in industries that are cyclical and sensitive to general economic conditions, which could have a material adverse effect on our
operating results, financial condition and cash flows. 

Demand
for most of our products is cyclical in nature and sensitive to general economic conditions. The timing and magnitude of the cycles in
the industries in which our products are used, including global steel manufacturing and nonresidential and infrastructure construction
in the U.S., are difficult to predict. The cyclical nature of our operations tends to reflect and be amplified by changes in economic
conditions, both domestically and internationally, and foreign currency exchange fluctuations. Economic downturns or a prolonged period
of slow growth in the U.S. and foreign markets or any of the industries in which we operate could have a material adverse effect on our
results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. 

Changing
conditions in global markets including the impact of sanctions and tariffs, quotas and other trade actions and import restrictions may
adversely affect our operating results, financial condition and cash flows. 

A
significant portion of the metal we process is sold to end customers located outside the U.S., including countries in Asia, the Mediterranean
region and North, Central and South America. Our ability to sell our products profitably, or at all, is subject to a number of risks
including adverse impacts of political, economic, military, terrorist or major pandemic events; labor and social issues; legal and regulatory
requirements or limitations imposed by foreign governments including quotas, tariffs or other protectionist trade barriers, sanctions,
adverse tax law changes, nationalization, currency restrictions, or import restrictions for certain types of products we export; and
disruptions or delays in shipments caused by customs compliance or other actions of government agencies. The occurrence of such events
and conditions may adversely affect our operating results, financial condition and cash flows. 

For
example, in fiscal 2017, regulators in China began implementing the National Sword initiative involving inspections of Chinese industrial
enterprises, including recyclers, in order to identify rules violations with respect to discharge of pollutants or illegally transferred
scrap imports. Restrictions resulting from the National Sword initiative include a ban on certain imported recycled products, lower contamination
limits for permitted recycled materials, and more comprehensive pre- and post-shipment inspection requirements. Disruptions in pre-inspection
certifications and stringent inspection procedures at certain Chinese destination ports have limited access to these destinations and
resulted in the renegotiation or cancellation of certain nonferrous customer contracts in connection with the redirection of such shipments
to alternate destinations. Commencing July 1, 2019, China imposed further restrictions in the form of import license requirements and
quotas on certain scrap products, including certain nonferrous products we sell. Chinese import licenses and quotas are issued to Chinese
scrap consumers on a quarterly basis for the importation of scrap products. Since the implementation of this program, the size of import
quotas has been steadily reduced on a quarter-over-quarter basis. We have continued to sell our recycled metal products into China; however,
additional or modified license requirements and quotas, as well as additional product quality requirements, may be issued in the future.
We believe that the potential impact on our recycling operations of the Chinese regulatory actions described above could include requirements
that would necessitate additional processing and packaging of certain nonferrous recycled scrap metal products, increased inspection
and certification activities with respect to exports to China, or a change in the use of our sales channels in the event of delays in
the issuance of licenses, restrictive quotas or an outright ban on certain or all of our recycled metals products by China. As regulatory
developments progress, we may need to make further investments in nonferrous processing equipment beyond existing planned investments
where economically justified, incur additional costs in order to comply with new inspection requirements, or seek alternative markets
for the impacted products, which may result in lower sales prices or higher costs and may adversely impact our business or results of
operations. 

In
March 2018, the U.S. imposed a 25 tariff on certain imported steel products and a 10 tariff on certain imported aluminum products under
Section 232 of the Trade Expansion Act of 1962. These new tariffs, along with other U.S. trade actions, have triggered retaliatory actions
by certain affected countries, and other foreign governments have initiated or are considering imposing trade measures on other U.S.
goods. For example, China has imposed a series of retaliatory tariffs on certain U.S. products, including a 25 percent tariff on all
grades of U.S. scrap and an additional 25 percent tariff on U.S. aluminum scrap. These tariffs and other trade actions could result in
a decrease in international steel demand beyond that already experienced and further negatively impact demand for our products, which
would adversely impact our business. Given the uncertainty regarding the scope and duration of these trade actions by the U.S. or other
countries, the impact of the trade actions on our operations or results remains uncertain, but this impact could be material. 

8 

Changes
in the availability or price of inputs such as raw materials and end-of-life vehicles could reduce our sales. 

Our
businesses require certain materials that are sourced from third party suppliers. Industry supply conditions generally involve risks,
including the possibility of shortages of raw materials, increases in raw material and other input costs, and reduced control over delivery
schedules. We procure our scrap inventory from numerous sources. These suppliers generally are not bound by long-term contracts and have
no obligation to sell scrap metal to us. In periods of declining or lower scrap metal prices suppliers may elect to hold scrap metal
to wait for higher prices or intentionally slow their metal collection activities, tightening supply. If a substantial number of suppliers
cease selling scrap metal to us, we will be unable to recycle metal at desired levels, and our results of operations and financial condition
could be materially adversely affected. For instance, in the second quarter of fiscal 2020 a lower price environment for recycled metals
in combination with economic and other restrictions on suppliers relating to COVID-19 severely constricted the supply of scrap metal
including end-of-life vehicles, which resulted in significantly reduced processed volumes. A slowdown of industrial production in the
U.S. may also reduce the supply of industrial grades of metal to the metals recycling industry, resulting in less recyclable metal available
to process and market. Increased competition for domestic scrap metal, including as a result of overcapacity in the scrap recycling industry
in the U.S. and Canada, may also reduce the supply of scrap metal available to us. Failure to obtain a steady supply of scrap material
could both adversely impact our ability to meet sales commitments and reduce our operating margins. Failure to obtain an adequate supply
of end-of-life vehicles could adversely impact our ability to attract customers and charge admission fees and reduce our parts sales.
Failure to obtain raw materials and other inputs to steel production such as graphite electrodes, alloys and other required consumables,
could adversely impact our ability to make steel to the specifications of our customers. 

Significant
decreases in scrap metal prices may adversely impact our operating results. 

The
timing and magnitude of the cycles in the industries in which we operate are difficult to predict and are influenced by different economic
conditions in the domestic market, where we typically acquire our raw materials, and foreign markets, where we typically sell the majority
of our products. Purchase prices for scrap metal including end-of-life vehicles and selling prices for recycled scrap metal are subject
to market forces beyond our control. While we attempt to respond to changing recycled scrap metal selling prices through adjustments
to our metal purchase prices, our ability to do so is limited by competitive and other market factors. As a result, we may not be able
to reduce our metal purchase prices to fully offset a sharp reduction in recycled scrap metal sales prices, which may adversely impact
our operating income and cash flows. In addition, a rapid decrease in selling prices may compress our operating margins due to the impact
of average inventory cost accounting, which causes cost of goods sold recognized in the Consolidated Statements of Operations to decrease
at a slower rate than metal purchase prices. 

For
instance, in fiscal 2020, weaker market conditions for recycled metals, including as a result of the sharp decline in global economic
conditions during the third quarter of fiscal 2020 in large part due to the impacts of the COVID-19 pandemic, and structural changes
to the market for certain recycled nonferrous products primarily from Chinese import restrictions and tariffs, resulted in periods of
sharply declining commodity prices and lower average net selling prices for our ferrous and nonferrous recycled metal products compared
to fiscal 2019. As a result, operating margins in fiscal 2020 compressed as the decline in average net selling prices for our recycled
metal products outpaced the reduction in purchase costs for raw materials. In fiscal 2021, prices for our ferrous and non-ferrous metals
increased significantly, resulting in an increase in revenue and purchasing costs for raw materials. In fiscal 2022, prices for our ferrous
and non-ferrous metals declined during the second half of the year, but remained historically strong, resulting in a decrease in revenue
and purchasing costs for raw materials. 

9 

Imbalances
in supply and demand conditions in the global steel industry may reduce demand for our products. 

Economic
expansions and contractions in global economies can result in supply and demand imbalances in the global steel industry that can significantly
affect the price of commodities used and sold by our business, as well as the price of and demand for finished steel products. In a number
of foreign countries, such as China, steel producers are generally government-owned and may therefore make production decisions based
on political or other factors that do not reflect free market conditions. In the past, overcapacity and excess steel production in these
foreign countries resulted in the export of aggressively priced semi-finished and finished steel products. This led to disruptions in
steel-making operations within other countries, negatively impacting demand for our recycled scrap metal. Existing or new trade laws
and regulations may cause or be inadequate to prevent disadvantageous trade practices, which could have a material adverse effect on
our financial condition and results of operations. Although trade regulations restrict or impose duties on the importation of certain
products, if foreign steel production significantly exceeds consumption in those countries, global demand for our recycled scrap metal
products could decline and imports of steel products into the U.S. could increase, resulting in lower volumes and selling prices for
our recycled metal products and finished steel products. 

Impairment
of long-lived assets and equity investments may adversely affect our operating results. 

Our
long-lived asset groups are subject to an impairment assessment when certain triggering events or circumstances indicate that their carrying
value may be impaired. If the carrying value exceeds our estimate of future undiscounted cash flows of the operations related to the
asset group, an impairment is recorded for the difference between the carrying amount and the fair value of the asset group. The results
of these tests for potential impairment may be adversely affected by unfavorable market conditions, our financial performance trends,
or an increase in interest rates, among other factors. If, as a result of the impairment test, we determine that the fair value of any
of our long-lived asset groups is less than its carrying amount, we may incur an impairment charge that could have a material adverse
effect on our financial condition and results of operations. 

We
may be unable to renew facility leases, thus restricting our ability to operate. 

We
lease a significant portion of our facilities. The cost to renew such leases may increase significantly, and we may not be able to renew
such leases on commercially reasonable terms or at all. Failure to renew these leases or find suitable alternative locations for our
facilities may impact our ability to continue operations within certain geographic areas, which could have a material adverse effect
on our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 

Increases
in the value of the U.S. dollar relative to other currencies may reduce the demand for our products. 

A
significant portion of our recycled scrap metal revenues is generated from sales to foreign customers, which are denominated in U.S.
dollars, including customers located in Asia, the Mediterranean region and North, Central and South America. A strengthening U.S. dollar,
as experienced during recent years including fiscal 2020, makes our products more expensive for non-U.S. customers, which may negatively
impact export sales. A strengthening U.S. dollar also makes imported metal products less expensive, which may result in an increase in
imports of steel products into the U.S. As a result, our finished steel products, which are made in the U.S., may become more expensive
for our U.S. customers relative to imported steel products thereby reducing demand for our products. 

Equipment
upgrades, equipment failures and facility damage may lead to production curtailments or shutdowns. 

Our
business operations and recycling and manufacturing processes depend on critical pieces of equipment, including information technology
equipment, shredders, nonferrous sorting technology, furnaces and a rolling mill, which may be out of service occasionally for scheduled
upgrades or maintenance or as a result of unanticipated failures. Our facilities are subject to equipment failures and the risk of catastrophic
loss due to unanticipated events such as fires, earthquakes, accidents or violent weather conditions. Interruptions in our processing
and production capabilities and shutdowns resulting from unanticipated events could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition,
results of operations and cash flows. 

10 

We
are subject to legal proceedings and legal compliance risks that may adversely impact our financial condition, results of operations
and liquidity. 

We
spend substantial resources ensuring that we comply with domestic and foreign regulations, contractual obligations and other legal standards.
Notwithstanding this, we are subject to a variety of legal proceedings and compliance risks in respect of various matters, including
regulatory, safety, environmental, employment, transportation, intellectual property, contractual, import/export, international trade
and governmental matters that arise in the course of our business and in our industry. An outcome in an unusual or significant legal
proceeding or compliance investigation in excess of insurance recoveries could adversely affect our financial condition and results of
operations. For information regarding our current significant legal proceedings and contingencies, see Legal Proceedings 
in Part I, Item 3 and Contingencies Other within Note 12 Commitments and Contingencies in the notes to the financial
statements. 

Climate
change may adversely impact our facilities and our ongoing operations. 

The
potential physical impacts of climate change on our operations are highly uncertain and depend upon the unique geographic and environmental
factors present, for example rising sea levels at deep water port facilities, changing storm patterns and intensities, and changing temperature
levels. As many of our recycling facilities are located near deep water ports, rising sea levels may disrupt our ability to receive scrap
metal, process the scrap metal through our shredders and ship products to our customers. Extreme weather events and conditions, such
as hurricanes, thunderstorms, tornadoes, wildfires and snow or ice storms, may increase our costs or cause damage to our facilities,
and any damage resulting from extreme weather may not be fully insured. Increased frequency and duration of adverse weather events and
conditions may also inhibit construction activity utilizing our products, scrap metal inflows to our recycling facilities, and retail
admissions and parts sales at our auto parts stores. Potential adverse impacts from climate change, including rising temperatures and
extreme weather events and conditions, may create health and safety issues for employees operating at our facilities and may lead to
an inability to maintain standard operating hours. 

Catastrophic
events may disrupt our business and impair our ability to provide our platform to clients and consumers, resulting in costs for remediation,
client and consumer dissatisfaction, and other business or financial losses. 

Our
operations depend, in part, on our ability to protect our facilities against damage or interruption from natural disasters, power or
telecommunications failures, criminal acts and similar events. Despite precautions taken at our facilities, the occurrence of a natural
disaster, an act of terrorism, vandalism or sabotage, spikes in usage volume or other unanticipated problems at a facility could result
in lengthy interruptions in the availability of our platform. Even with current and planned disaster recovery arrangements, our business
could be harmed. Also, in the event of damage or interruption, our insurance policies may not adequately compensate us for any losses
that we may incur. These factors in turn could further reduce revenue, subject us to liability and lead to decreased usage of our platform
and decrease sales of our advertising placements, any of which could harm our business. 

We
depend on a small number of suppliers for the materials necessary to run our business. The loss of these suppliers, or their failure
to supply us with these materials, would materially and adversely affect our business. 

We
depend on the availability of key materials for our business from a small number of third-party suppliers. Because there are a limited
number of suppliers for these materials, we may need to engage alternate suppliers to prevent a possible disruption. We do not have any
control over the availability of materials. If we or our manufacturers are unable to purchase these materials on acceptable terms, at
sufficient quality levels, or in adequate quantities, if at all, the successful operation of our business would be delayed or there would
be a shortage in supply, which would impair our ability to generate revenues from our business. 

We
have substantial customer concentration, with a limited number of customers accounting for a substantial portion of our 2022 and 2021
revenues. 

We
currently derive a significant portion of our revenues from three large corporate customers. For the fiscal year ended December 31,
2022, three certain large customers individually accounted for 17,962,176, 5,332,834, and 4,301,328, or approximately 53 , 16 ,
and 13 of our revenues, respectively. For the fiscal year ended December 31, 2021, one customer accounted for 6,682,019, or
approximately 83 of our revenue. 

11 

There
are inherent risks whenever a large percentage of total revenues are concentrated with a limited number of customers. It is not possible
for us to predict the future level of demand for our services that will be generated by this customer or the future demand for the products
and services of this customer in the end-user marketplace. In addition, revenues from larger customers, especially our largest customer
may fluctuate from time to time based on the commencement and completion of projects, the timing of which may be affected by market conditions
or other facts, some of which may be outside of our control. Further, some of our contracts with larger customers permit them to terminate
our relationship at any time (subject to notice and certain other provisions). If any of these customers experience declining or delayed
sales due to market, economic or competitive conditions, we could be pressured to reduce the prices we charge for our services which
could have an adverse effect on our margins and financial position and could negatively affect our revenues and results of operations
and/or trading price of our common stock. If our largest customer terminates our services, such termination would negatively affect our
revenues and results of operations and/or trading price of our common stock. 

We
have a limited history upon which an evaluation of our prospects and future performance can be made and have no history of profitable
operations. 

We
were incorporated in April 2013 and have a limited operating history and our business is subject to all of the risks inherent in the
establishment of a new business enterprise. Our likelihood of success must be considered in light of the problems, expenses, difficulties,
complications and delays frequently encountered in connection with development and expansion of a new business enterprise. We may sustain
losses in the future as we implement our business plan. There can be no assurance that we will operate profitably. 

We
are highly dependent on the services of key executives, the loss of whom could materially harm our business and our strategic direction.
If we lose key management or significant personnel, cannot recruit qualified employees, directors, officers, or other personnel or experience
increases in our compensation costs, our business may materially suffer. 

We
are highly dependent on our management team, specifically our Chief Executive Officer, Danny Meeks. While we have an employment agreement
with Danny Meeks, such employment agreement permits Mr. Meeks to terminate such agreement upon notice. If we lose key employees, our
business may suffer. Furthermore, our future success will also depend in part on the continued service of our key management personnel
and our ability to identify, hire, and retain additional personnel. We carry key-man life insurance on the life of our
executive officer. We experience intense competition for qualified personnel and may be unable to attract and retain the personnel necessary
for the development of our business. Because of this competition, our compensation costs may increase significantly. 

We
may need to obtain additional financing to fund our operations. 

We
may need additional capital in the future to continue to execute our business plan. Therefore, we may be dependent upon additional capital
in the form of either debt or equity to continue our operations. At the present time, we do not have arrangements to raise additional
capital, and we may need to identify potential investors and negotiate appropriate arrangements with them. We may not be able to arrange
enough investment within the time the investment is required or that if it is arranged, that it will be on favorable terms. If we cannot
obtain the needed capital, we may not be able to become profitable and may have to curtail or cease our operations. Additional equity
financing, if available, may be dilutive to the holders of our capital stock. Debt financing may involve significant cash payment obligations,
covenants and financial ratios that may restrict our ability to operate and grow our business. 

Our
independent registered accounting firm has expressed concerns about our ability to continue as a going concern. 

The
report of our independent registered accounting firm expresses concern about our ability to continue as a going concern based on our
historical losses from operations and the potential need for additional financing to fund our operations. It is not possible at this
time for us to predict with assurance the potential success of our business. If we cannot continue as a viable entity, we may be unable
to continue our operations and you may lose some or all of your investment in our securities. 

12 

In
the past we have experienced material weaknesses in our internal control over financial reporting, which if continued, could impair our
financial condition. 

As
reported in Item 9A of this Annual Report on Form 10-K, our management concluded that our internal control over financial reporting was
not effective as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 due to material weaknesses regarding our controls and procedures. The Company did not
have sufficient segregation of duties to support its internal control over financial reporting. Due to our small size and limited resources,
segregation of all conflicting duties has not always been possible and may not be economically feasible in the near term; however, we
do expect to hire additional accounting personnel in the near future. We have and do endeavor to take appropriate and reasonable steps
to make improvements to remediate these deficiencies. If we have continued material weaknesses in our internal financial reporting, our
financial condition could be impaired or we may have to restate our financials, which could cause us to expend additional funds that
would have a material impact on our ability to generate profits and on the success of our business. 

Risks
Relating to Government Laws and Regulations 

Tax
increases and changes in tax rules may adversely affect our financial results. 

As
a company conducting business on a global basis with physical operations throughout North America, we are exposed, both directly and
indirectly, to the effects of changes in U.S., state, local and foreign tax rules. Taxes for financial reporting purposes and cash tax
liabilities in the future may be adversely affected by changes in such tax rules. In many cases, such changes put us at a competitive
disadvantage compared to some of our major competitors, to the extent we are unable to pass the tax costs through to our customers. 

We
may not realize our deferred tax assets in the future. 

The
assessment of recoverability of our deferred tax assets is based on an evaluation of existing positive and negative evidence as to whether
it is more-likely-than-not that they will be realized. If negative evidence outweighs positive evidence, a valuation allowance is required.
Impairment of deferred tax assets may result from significant negative industry or economic trends, a decrease in earnings performance
and projections of future taxable income, adverse changes in laws or regulations, and a variety of other factors. Impairment of deferred
tax assets could have a material adverse impact on our results of operations and financial condition and could result in not realizing
the deferred tax assets. Deferred tax assets may require further valuation allowances if it is not more-likely-than-not that the deferred
tax assets will be realized. 

Environmental
compliance costs and potential environmental liabilities may have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of
operations. 

Compliance
with environmental laws and regulations is a significant factor in our business. We are subject to local, state and federal environmental
laws and regulations in the U.S. and other countries relating to, among other matters: 

Waste
 disposal; 

Air
 emissions; 

Waste
 water and storm water management, treatment and discharge; 

The
 use and treatment of groundwater; 

Soil
 and groundwater contamination and remediation; 

Climate
 change; 

Generation,
 discharge, storage, handling and disposal of hazardous materials and secondary materials; and 

Employee
 health and safety. 

13 

We
are also required to obtain environmental permits from governmental authorities for certain operations. Violation of or failure to obtain
permits or comply with these laws or regulations could result in our business being fined or otherwise sanctioned by regulators or becoming
subject to litigation by private parties. Future environmental compliance costs, including capital expenditures for environmental projects,
may increase because of new laws and regulations, changing interpretations and stricter enforcement of current laws and regulations by
regulatory authorities, expanding emissions, groundwater and other testing requirements and new information on emission or contaminant
levels, uncertainty regarding adequate pollution control levels, the future costs of pollution control technology and issues related
to climate change. We have seen an increased focus by federal, state and local regulators on metals recycling and auto dismantling facilities
and new or expanding regulatory requirements. 

Our
operations use, handle and generate hazardous substances. In addition, previous operations by others at facilities that we currently
or formerly owned, operated or otherwise used may have caused contamination from hazardous substances. As a result, we are exposed to
possible claims, including government fines and penalties, costs for investigation and clean-up activities, claims for natural resources
damages and claims by third parties for personal injury and property damage, under environmental laws and regulations, especially for
the remediation of waterways and soil or groundwater contamination. These laws can impose liability for the cleanup of hazardous substances
even if the owner or operator was neither aware of nor responsible for the release of the hazardous substances. We have, in the past,
been found not to be in compliance with certain of these laws and regulations, and have incurred liabilities, expenditures, fines and
penalties associated with such violations. Environmental compliance costs and potential environmental liabilities could have a material
adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. See Contingencies Environmental 
in Note 12 Commitments and Contingencies in the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 

Governmental
agencies may refuse to grant or renew our licenses and permits, thus restricting our ability to operate. 

We
conduct certain of our operations subject to licenses, permits and approvals from state and local governments. Governmental agencies
often resist the establishment of certain types of facilities in their communities, including auto parts facilities. Changes in zoning
and increased residential and mixed-use development near our facilities are reducing the buffer zones and creating land use conflicts
with heavy industrial uses such as ours. This could result in increased complaints, increased inspections and enforcement including fines
and penalties, operating restrictions, the need for additional capital expenditures and increased opposition to maintaining or renewing
required approvals, licenses and permits. In addition, from time to time, both the U.S. and foreign governments impose regulations and
restrictions on trade in the markets in which we operate. In some countries, governments require us to apply for certificates or registration
before allowing shipment of recycled metal to customers in those countries. There can be no assurance that future approvals, licenses
and permits will be granted or that we will be able to maintain and renew the approvals, licenses and permits we currently hold. Failure
to obtain these approvals could cause us to limit or discontinue operations in these locations or prevent us from developing or acquiring
new facilities, which could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. 

Compliance
with existing and future climate change and greenhouse gas emission laws and regulations may adversely impact our operating results. 

Future
legislation or increased regulation regarding climate change and greenhouse gas GHG emissions could impose significant
costs on our business and our customers and suppliers, including increased energy, capital equipment, emissions controls, environmental
monitoring and reporting and other costs in order to comply with laws and regulations concerning and limitations imposed on climate change
and GHG emissions. The potential costs of allowances, taxes, fees, offsets or credits that may be part of cap and trade 
programs or similar future legislative or regulatory measures are still uncertain and the future of these programs or measures is unknown.
Future climate change and GHG laws or regulations could negatively impact our ability (and that of our customers and suppliers) to compete
with companies situated in areas not subject to such requirements. Until the timing, scope and extent of any future laws or regulations
becomes known, we cannot predict the effect on our financial condition, operating performance or ability to compete. Furthermore, even
without such laws or regulations, increased awareness and any adverse publicity in the global marketplace about the GHGs emitted by companies
in the metals recycling and steel manufacturing industries could harm our reputation and reduce customer demand for our products. See
 Business Environmental Matters in Part I, Item 1 of this Annual Report for further detail. 

14 

Risks
Relating to Intellectual Property 

We
may not be able to protect our intellectual property rights throughout the world. 

The
success of our business depends on our continued ability to use our existing tradename in order to increase our brand awareness. The
unauthorized use or other misappropriation of any our brand names could diminish the value of our business which would have a material
adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operation. 

We
may be involved in lawsuits to protect or enforce our intellectual property, which could be expensive, time-consuming and unsuccessful
and the outcome might have an adverse effect on the success of our business. 

Competitors
may infringe our trademarks or other intellectual property. Moreover, it may be difficult or impossible to obtain evidence of infringement
by a competitor. To counter infringement or unauthorized use, we may be required to file infringement claims on an individual basis,
which can be expensive and time-consuming and divert the time and attention of our management. There can be no assurance that we will
have sufficient financial or other resources to file and pursue such infringement claims, which typically last for years before they
are concluded. 

We
may be subject to claims by third parties asserting that our employees or we have misappropriated their intellectual property or claiming
ownership of what we regard as our own intellectual property. 

Some
of our employees may have executed non-disclosure and non-competition agreements in connection with their previous employment. Although
we try to ensure that our employees do not use the proprietary information or know-how of others in their work for us, we may be subject
to claims that we or these employees have used or disclosed confidential information or intellectual property, including trade secrets
or other proprietary information, of any such employee s former employer. Litigation may be necessary to defend against these claims. 

Risks
Relating to Ownership of our Common Stock 

The
market price of our Common Stock may be volatile and adversely affected by several factors. 

The
market price of our Common Stock could fluctuate significantly in response to various factors and events, including, but not limited
to: our ability to execute our business plan; operating results below expectations; our issuance of additional securities, including
debt or equity or a combination thereof, necessary to fund our operating expenses; announcements of technological innovations or new
products by us or our competitors; and period-to-period fluctuations in our financial results. 

In
addition, the securities markets have from time-to-time experienced significant price and volume fluctuations that are unrelated to the
operating performance of particular companies. These market fluctuations may also materially and adversely affect the market price of
our Common Stock. 

If
our shares of common stock become subject to the penny stock rules, it would become more difficult to trade our shares. 

The
SEC has adopted rules that regulate broker-dealer practices in connection with transactions in penny stocks. Penny stocks are generally
equity securities with a price of less than 5.00, other than securities registered on certain national securities exchanges or authorized
for quotation on certain automated quotation systems, provided that current price and volume information with respect to transactions
in such securities is provided by the exchange or system. If we do not obtain a listing on a national securities exchange and if the
price of our common stock is less than 5.00, our common stock could be deemed a penny stock. The penny stock rules require a broker-dealer,
before a transaction in a penny stock not otherwise exempt from those rules, to deliver a standardized risk disclosure document containing
specified information. In addition, the penny stock rules require that before effecting any transaction in a penny stock not otherwise
exempt from those rules, a broker-dealer must make a special written determination that the penny stock is a suitable investment for
the purchaser and receive (i) the purchaser s written acknowledgment of the receipt of a risk disclosure statement; (ii) a written
agreement to transactions involving penny stocks; and (iii) a signed and dated copy of a written suitability statement. These disclosure
requirements may have the effect of reducing the trading activity in the secondary market for our common stock, and therefore stockholders
may have difficulty selling their shares. 

15 

We
are a smaller reporting company within the meaning of Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act, and if we decide to take advantage
of certain exemptions from various reporting requirements applicable to smaller reporting companies, our Common Stock could be less attractive
to investors. 

We
qualify as a smaller reporting company, meaning that we are not an investment company, an asset-backed issuer, or a majority-owned
subsidiary of a parent company that is not a smaller reporting company, and have either: (i) a public float of less than
 250 million or (ii) annual revenues of less than 100 million during the most recently completed fiscal year and (A) no public float
or (B) a public float of less than 700 million. As a smaller reporting company, we are entitled to rely on certain reduced
disclosure requirements, such as an exemption from providing executive compensation information in our periodic reports and proxy statements.
We are also exempt from the auditor attestation requirements provided in Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act. These exemptions and
reduced disclosures in our SEC filings due to our status as a smaller reporting company may make it harder for investors to analyze our
results of operations and financial prospects. We cannot predict if investors will find our Common Stock less attractive because we may
rely on these exemptions. If some investors find our Common Stock or warrants less attractive as a result, there may be a less active
trading market for our Common Stock and our stock prices may be more volatile. 

We
do not anticipate paying dividends on our Common Stock, and investors may lose the entire amount of their investment. 

Cash
dividends have never been declared or paid on our Common Stock, and we do not anticipate such a declaration or payment for the foreseeable
future. We expect to use future earnings, if any, to fund business growth. Therefore, stockholders will not receive any funds absent
a sale of their shares of common stock. If we do not pay dividends, our Common Stock may be less valuable because a return on your investment
will only occur if our stock price appreciates. We cannot assure stockholders of a positive return on their investment when they sell
their shares, nor can we assure that stockholders will not lose the entire amount of their investment. 

You
could lose some or all of your investment. 

An
investment in our securities is speculative and involves a high degree of risk. Potential investors should be aware that the value of
an investment in the Company may go down as well as up. In addition, there can be no certainty that the market value of an investment
in the Company will fully reflect its underlying value. You could lose some or all of your investment. 

Our
management controls a large block of our Common Stock that will allow them to control us. 

As
of March 29, 2023 members of our management team beneficially own approximately 39.35 of our outstanding common stock. 

As
a result, management may have the ability to control substantially all matters submitted to our stockholders for approval including: 

Election
 and removal of our directors; 

Amendment
 of our Second Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation or Amended and Restated Bylaws; and 

Adoption
 of measures that could delay or prevent a change in control or impede a merger, takeover or other business combination involving
 us. 

In
addition, management s stock ownership may discourage a potential acquirer from making a tender offer or otherwise attempting to
obtain control of us, which in turn could reduce our stock price or prevent our stockholders from realizing a premium over our stock
price. Any additional investors will own a minority percentage of our common stock and will have minority voting rights. 

16 

Because
we can issue additional shares of Common Stock, purchasers of our Common Stock may incur immediate dilution and experience further dilution. 

We
are authorized to issue up to 1,200,000,000 shares of Common Stock, of which 11,250,813 shares of Common Stock are issued and outstanding
as of March 29, 2023. Our Board of Directors has the authority to cause us to issue additional shares of Common Stock without consent
of any of stockholders. Consequently, our stockholders may experience further dilution in their ownership of our stock in the future,
which could have an adverse effect on the trading market for our Common Stock. 

Provisions
in our Second Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation and Amended and Restated Bylaws and Delaware law might discourage,
delay or prevent a change in control of our Company or changes in our management and, therefore, depress the market price of our
Common Stock. 

Our
Second Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation provides that all Internal Corporate Claims must be brought solely and exclusively
in the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware (or, if such court does not have jurisdiction, the Superior Court of the State of Delaware,
or, if such other court does not have jurisdiction, the United States District Court for the District of Delaware). The exclusive forum
provision may limit a stockholders ability to bring a claim in a judicial forum that it finds favorable for disputes based upon
Internal Corporate Claims, which may discourage lawsuits against us or our current or former directors or officers and/or stockholders
in such capacity. In addition, if a court were to find this exclusive forum provision to be inapplicable or unenforceable in an action,
we may incur costs associated with resolving the dispute in other jurisdictions, which could have a material adverse effect on our business
and operations. 

If
securities or industry research analysts do not publish research or reports about our business, or if they issue an unfavorable or misleading
opinion regarding our common stock, the market price and trading volume of our Common Stock could decline. 

The
trading market for our Common Stock will rely in part on the research and reports that securities or industry research analysts, over
whom we have no control, publish about us and our business. If any of the analysts who cover us issue an adverse or misleading opinion
regarding us, our business model, our intellectual property or our stock performance, our stock price would likely decline. If one or
more of these analysts cease coverage of us or fail to publish reports on us regularly, we could lose visibility in the financial markets,
which in turn could cause our stock price or trading volume to decline. 

Future
sales and issuances of our Common Stock or rights to purchase our Common Stock, including pursuant to our equity incentive plans, could
result in additional dilution of the percentage ownership of our stockholders and could cause our stock price to fall. 

We
expect that significant additional capital may be needed in the future to continue our planned operations, including expanded research
and development activities and costs associated with operating a public company. To raise capital, we may sell Common Stock, convertible
securities or other equity securities in one or more transactions at prices and in a manner we determine from time to time. If we sell
common stock, convertible securities or other equity securities, investors may be materially diluted by subsequent sales. Such sales
may also result in material dilution to our existing stockholders, and new investors could gain rights, preferences and privileges senior
to the holders of our common stock. 

We
have broad discretion in the use of the net proceeds from our public offerings and may not use them effectively. 

Our
management has broad discretion in the application of the net proceeds from our public offerings, and you will be relying on the judgment
of our management regarding the application of these proceeds. Our management might not apply the net proceeds from our public offerings
in ways that ultimately increase the value of your investment. If we do not invest or apply the net proceeds from our public offerings
in ways that enhance stockholder value, we may fail to achieve expected financial results, which could cause our stock price to decline. 

17 

Our
disclosure controls and procedures may not prevent or detect all errors or acts of fraud. 

We
are subject to the periodic reporting requirements of the Exchange Act. We designed our disclosure controls and procedures to reasonably
assure that information we must disclose in reports we file or submit under the Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated to management
and recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the rules and forms of the SEC. We believe that
any disclosure controls and procedures or internal controls and procedures, no matter how well-conceived and operated, can provide only
reasonable, not absolute, assurance that the objectives of the control system are met. 

These
inherent limitations include the realities that judgments in decision-making can be faulty and that breakdowns can occur because of simple
error or mistake. Additionally, controls can be circumvented by the individual acts of some persons, by collusion of two or more people
or by an unauthorized override of the controls. Accordingly, because of the inherent limitations in our control system, misstatements
due to error or fraud may occur and not be detected. 

As a newly Nasdaq-listed company, we will incur material increased costs and become subject to additional regulations and requirements. 

As a newly Nasdaq-listed public company, we will incur material additional
legal, accounting and other expenses including recruiting and retaining qualified independent directors, payment of annual Nasdaq fees,
and satisfying Nasdaq s standards for companies listed with it. Because our common stock is listed on the Nasdaq, we must meet certain
financial and liquidity criteria to maintain such listing. If we violate Nasdaq s listing requirements, our common stock may be
delisted. If we fail to meet any of the Nasdaq s listing standards, our common stock may be delisted. In addition, our Board may
determine that the cost of maintaining our listing on a national securities exchange outweighs the benefits of such listing. A delisting
of our common stock from Nasdaq may materially impair our stockholders ability to buy and sell our common stock and could have
an adverse effect on the market price of, and the efficiency of the trading market for, our common stock. The delisting of our common
stock could significantly impair our ability to raise capital and the value of your investment. 

ITEM
1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS. 

None. 

ITEM
2. PROPERTIES 

We
lease our scrap yard located at 22097 Brewers Neck Blvd., Carrollton, VA 23314, from DWM Properties, LLC, which is owned by our Chairman
and Chief Executive Officer, for 55,850 per month. The lease expires on January 1, 2024, with two five year options to extend at the
Company s election. 

We
lease our scrap yard located at 1576 Millpond Rd., Elizabeth City, NC 27909, from DWM Properties, LLC, which is owned by our Chairman
and Chief Executive Officer, for 11,200 per month. The lease expires on January 1, 2024, with two five year options to extend at the
Company s election. 

We
lease our scrap yard located at 130 Courtland Rd., Emporia, VA 23847, from DWM Properties, LLC, which is owned by our Chairman and Chief
Executive Officer, for 11,200 per month. The lease expires on January 1, 2024, with two five year options to extend at the Company s
election. 

We
lease our scrap yard located at 623 Highway 903 N., Greenville, NC 27834, from DWM Properties, LLC, which is owned by our Chairman and
Chief Executive Officer, for 11,200 per month. The lease expires on January 1, 2024, with two five year options to extend at the Company s
election. 

We
lease our scrap yard located at 8952 Richmond Rd., Toano, VA 23168, from DWM Properties, LLC, which is owned by our Chairman and Chief
Executive Officer, for 11,200 per month. The lease expires on January 1, 2024, with two five year options to extend at the Company s
election. 

We
lease our scrap yard located at 945 NC 11N, Kelford, NC 27805, from DWM Properties, LLC, which is owned by our Chairman and Chief Executive
Officer, for 39,293 per month. The lease expires on January 1, 2024, with two five year options to extend at the Company s election. 

We
lease our scrap yard located at 1100 E Princess Anne Rd, Norfolk, VA 23504, from DWM Properties, LLC, which is owned by our Chairman
and Chief Executive Officer, for 16,391 per month. The lease expires on January 1, 2024, with two five year options to extend at the
Company s election. 

We
lease our scrap yard located at 277 Suburban Drive, Suffolk, VA 23434, from DWM Properties, LLC, which is owned by our Chairman and Chief
Executive Officer, for 15,450 per month. The lease expires on January 1, 2024, with two five year options to extend at the Company s
election. 

We
lease our scrap yard located at 9922 Hwy 17 S., Vanceboro, NC 28586, from DWM Properties, LLC, which is owned by our Chairman and Chief
Executive Officer, for 8,742 per month. The lease expires on January 1, 2024, with two five year options to extend at the Company s
election. 

18 

We
lease our scrap yard located at 1040 Oceana Blvd, Virginia Beach, VA 23454, from DWM Properties, LLC, which is owned by our Chairman
and Chief Executive Officer, for 15,407 per month. The lease expires on January 1, 2024, with two five year options to extend at the
Company s election. 

We
lease our scrap yard located at 406 Sandy Street, Fairmont, NC 28340, from DWM Properties, LLC, which is owned by our Chairman and Chief
Executive Officer, for 8,000 per month. The lease expires on January 1, 2024, with two five year options to extend at the Company s
election. 

We
lease office space at 505 Crawford Street, Portsmouth, VA 23704 for 1,185 per month. The lease expires on March 31, 2024. 

On
January 24, 2022, the Company entered into leasing agreements for 3,521 square feet of office space commencing upon the completion of
tenant improvements which is expected to be on April 1, 2022 but shall be no later than May 1, 2022 Commencement Date ).
Under the terms of the lease, the Company is required to pay 3,668 for the first twelve months of the lease and increasing by approximately
3 every 12 months thereafter until the expiration of the lease. The lease is for a period of five years from the Commencement Date and
the Company was required to make a security deposit of 3,668. The Company does not have an option to extend the lease. 

We
own the property underlying our scrap yard located at 4091 Portsmouth Blvd., Portsmouth, VA 23701. Further, we own properties
located at 278 and 276 Suburban Drive, Suffolk, VA 23434 and 4087, 4089, 4091, 4103, 4105 and 4117 Portsmouth Blvd, Portsmouth, VA
23701. 

We
believe that our facilities are adequate for our current needs and that, if required, we will be able to expand our current space or
locate suitable new office space and obtain a suitable replacement for our executive and administrative headquarters. 

ITEM
3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 

On
December 1, 2020, Sheppard, Mullin, Richter Hampton LLP Sheppard Mullin ), the Company s former securities
counsel, filed a demand for arbitration at JAMS in New York, New York against the Company, alleging the Company s breach of an
engagement agreement dated January 4, 2018, and a failure of the Company to pay 487,390.73 of outstanding legal fees to Sheppard Mullin.
Sheppard Mullin was awarded 459,250.88 in unpaid legal fees, disbursements and interest on June 25, 2021. A judgement confirming the
arbitration award was entered on September 8, 2021 in the Federal District Court located in Denver, Colorado. 

On
September 23, 2021, the Company entered into a Resolution Agreement and Release (the Resolution Agreement with
Sheppard Mullin concerning the 459,250.88 judgement entered against the Company. Under the terms of the Resolution Agreement, the
Company was required to make a 25,000 initial payment by September 30, 2021 and is required to make 15,000 monthly payments from
October 2021 to January 2023 with a final 10,000 payment due in February 2023. The Company has made all of its required payments
under the Resolution Agreement. 

We
are unable to estimate a reasonably possible loss or range of loss, if any, that may result from these matters. 

From
time to time, we may be involved in legal proceedings arising in the ordinary course of our business. We investigate these claims as
they arise and accrue estimates for resolution of legal and other contingencies when losses are probable and estimable. Regardless of
outcome, litigation can have an adverse impact on us due to defense and settlement costs, diversion of management resources, negative
publicity and reputational harm, and other factors. 

ITEM
4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 

Not
applicable. 

19 

PART
II 

ITEM
5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 

Trading
Symbol 

From
April 9, 2015 to October 16, 2019, our common stock was quoted on the OTCQB under the symbol MSRT. From October 17, 2019
to February 25, 2022, our common stock was quoted on the OTC Pink Tier of the OTC Markets under the symbol MSRT. From February
28 to March 24, 2022, our common stock was quoted on the OTC Pink Tier of the OTC Markets under the symbol MSRTD. From
March 25, 2022 to July 21, 2022, our common stock was quoted on the OTC Pink Tier of the OTC Markets under the symbol GWAV. 
Since July 22, 2022, our common stock has been traded on Nasdaq under the symbol GWAV. 

The
following table presents, for the periods indicated, the high and low sales prices of Common Stock, and is based upon information provided
by the OTC Marketplace and Nasdaq, as applicable. These quotations below reflect inter-dealer prices, without retail mark-up, mark-down,
or commission, and may not necessarily represent actual transactions. 

2023 

High 
 Low 
 
 First Quarter 
 1.54 
 0.78 

2022 

High 
 Low 
 
 First Quarter 
 14.40 
 3.2 
 
 Second Quarter 
 8.25 
 3.92 
 
 Third Quarter 
 8.05 
 1.59 
 
 Fourth Quarter 
 1.80 
 0.78 

2021 

High 
 Low 
 
 First Quarter 
 17.10 
 1.83 
 
 Second Quarter 
 26.37 
 5.25 
 
 Third Quarter 
 17.49 
 8.40 
 
 Fourth Quarter 
 19.20 
 11.40 

The
last reported sale price of Common Stock as of March 31, 2023 on Nasdaq was 1.01 per share. 

Holders 

As of March 29, 2023, there were 131 stockholders
of record. The number of record holders was determined from the records of our transfer agent and does not include beneficial owners of
Common Stock whose shares are held in the names of various security brokers, dealers, and registered clearing agencies. The transfer agent
of our Common Stock is Equity Stock Transfer, located at 237 W. 37 th St. #602, New York, NY 10018. 

Dividend
Policy 

We
have never declared or paid cash or stock dividends on our common stock and do not anticipate paying any dividends on the shares of our
common stock in the foreseeable future. Our current policy is to retain earnings, if any, for use in our operations and in the development
of our business. Any future determination to declare dividends on common stock will be made at the discretion of our Board of Directors
and will depend on our financial condition, operating results, capital requirements, general business conditions and other factors that
our Board of Directors may deem relevant. 

Recent
Sales of Unregistered Securities 

None. 

20 

Securities
Authorized for Issuance Under Equity Compensation Plans 

Number of securities to be issued upon exercise of outstanding options, warrants and rights (a) 
 Weighted- average exercise price of outstanding options, warrants and rights (b) 
 Number of securities remaining available for future issuance under equity compensation plans (excluding securities reflected in column (a) (c) 
 
 Equity compensation plans approved by security holders (1) 
 92,166 
 148.11 
 567,300 
 
 Equity compensation plans not approved by security holders 

Total 
 92,166 
 148.11 
 567,300 

(1) 
 Includes
 the 2014 Stock Incentive Plan, 2015 Stock Incentive Plan, 2016 Stock Incentive Plan, 2017 Equity Incentive Plan, 2018 Equity Incentive
 Plan, 2021 Equity Incentive Plan, and 2022 Equity Incentive Plan. 

ITEM
6. RESERVED. 

ITEM
7. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 

You
should read the following discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations in conjunction with the consolidated
financial statements and the notes thereto included elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. The following discussion and other
sections of this Annual Report contain forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties, such as our plans, objectives,
expectations, intentions, estimates and beliefs. Our actual results could differ materially from those discussed in these forward-looking
statements. Factors that could cause or contribute to these differences include, but are not limited to, those identified below and those
discussed in the section titled Risk Factors. You should also carefully read Special Note Regarding Forward-Looking
Statements . 

Overview 

We were formed on April 26, 2013 as a technology platform
developer under the name MassRoots, Inc. In October 2021, we changed our corporate name from MassRoots, Inc. to Greenwave
Technology Solutions, Inc. We sold all of our social media assets on October 28, 2021 for cash consideration equal to 10,000 and
discontinued all operations related to our social media business. On September 30, 2021, we closed our acquisition of Empire Services,
Inc. Empire ), which operates 13 metal recycling facilities and 1 metal processing facility in Virginia, North Carolina,
and Ohio. The acquisition was deemed effective October 1, 2021 on the effective date of the Certificate of Merger in Virginia. 

Upon
the acquisition of Empire, we transitioned into the scrap metal industry which involves collecting, classifying and processing appliances,
construction material, end-of-life vehicles, boats, and industrial machinery. We process these items by crushing, shearing, shredding,
separating, and sorting, into smaller pieces and categorize these recycled ferrous, nonferrous, and mixed metal pieces based on density
and metal prior to sale. In cases of scrap cars, we remove the catalytic converters, aluminum wheels, and batteries for separate processing
and sale prior to shredding the vehicle. We have designed our systems to maximize the value of metals produced from this process. 

21 

We
operate an automotive shredder at our Kelford, North Carolina location and a second automotive shredder at our Carrollton, Virginia is
expected to come online in the second quarter of 2023. Our shredders are designed to produce a denser product and, in concert with advanced
separation equipment, more refined recycled ferrous metals, which are more valuable as they require less processing to produce recycled
steel products. In totality, this process reduces large metal objects like auto bodies into baseball-sized pieces of shredded recycled
metal. 

The
shredded pieces are then placed on a conveyor belt under magnetized drums to separate the ferrous metal from the mixed nonferrous metal
and residue, producing consistent and high-quality ferrous scrap metal. The nonferrous metals and other materials then go through a number
of additional mechanical systems which separate the nonferrous metal from any residue. The remaining nonferrous metal is further processed
to sort the metal by type, grade, and quality prior to being sold as products, such as zorba (mainly aluminum), zurik (mainly stainless
steel), and shredded insulated wire (mainly copper and aluminum). 

One
of our main corporate priorities is to open a facility with rail or deep-water port access to enable us to efficiently transport our
products to domestic steel mills and overseas foundries. Because this would greatly expand the number of potential buyers of our processed
scrap products, we believe opening a facility with port or rail access could result in an increase in both the revenue and profitability
of our existing operations. 

Empire
is headquartered in Chesapeake, Virginia and has 144 full-time employees as of March 14, 2023. 

Competitors 

We
compete with other metal recycling facility operators, such as Schnitzer Steel Industries, and are focused on utilizing technology to
create operating efficiencies and competitive advantages over our peers. 

Results
of Operations For the Year Ended December 31, 2022 Compared to the Year Ended December 31, 2021 

For the Fiscal Year ended 

31-Dec-22 

31-Dec-21 

Change 

Change 

Revenues 

33,978,425 

8,098,036 

25,880,389 

319.59 

Gross Profit 

12,440,853 

2,859,554 

9,581,299 

335.06 

Operating Expenses 

23,323,775 

5,787,118 

17,536,657 

303.03 

Loss from Operations 

(10,882,922) 

(2,927,564) 

(7,955,358) 

271.74 

Other Income (Expense) 

(24,160,368) 

1,295,143 

(25,455,511) 

(1,965.46) 

Net Income (Loss) Applicable to Common Stockholders 

(63,859,328) 

2,776,027 

(66,635,355) 

(2,400.39) 

22 

Revenues 

For
the year ended December 31, 2022, we generated 33,978,425 in revenues, as compared to 8,098,036 for the year ended December 31, 2021,
an increase of 25,880,389. This increase was due to the consummation of our acquisition of Empire on October 1, 2021, a robust market
for recycled metals, the repurposing and implementation of Greenwave s technology into Empire s existing operations, and
the opening of additional metal recycling facilities. 

Cost of revenues 

Our
cost of revenues increased to 21,537,572 for the year ended December 31, 2022 from 5,238,482 during the same period in 2021, an increase
of 16,299,090, as a result of the Empire acquisition. 

Gross pro fit 

Our
gross profit was 12,440,853 during the year ended December 31, 2022 from 2,859,554 during the same period in 2021, an increase of 9,581,299,
due to the consummation of the Empire acquisition. Our gross margins increased to 37 during the year ended December 31, 2022 from 35 
during the same period in 2021 due to the Company diversifying its customer base to get better prices on its products. 

Operating
Expenses 

For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, our
operating expenses were 23,323,775 and 5,787,118, respectively, an increase of 17,536,657. This increase was mainly attributed to
the effectiveness of our acquisition of Empire on October 1, 2021, which significantly expanded our operations, number of employees, and
internal systems. There was an increase in payroll and related expenses of 5,449,322 as payroll and related expenses were 6,991,095
for 2022 as compared to 1,541,773 for the same period in 2021, which was the result of an increase in our labor force primarily due to
the closing of the Empire acquisition. Advertising expense increased by 50,398 to 83,993 for 2022 as compared to 33,595 for 2021 as
the Company focused its resources on its scrap metal operations. Depreciation and amortization of intangible assets increased by 3,172,623
to 4,061,404 for 2022 from 888,781 in 2021 as a result of the Company acquiring fixed assets and intangible assets in the Empire acquisition.
There were hauling and equipment maintenance costs of 3,378,452 in 2022, as compared to 513,928 in 2021, an increase of 2,864,524,
due to the Company s transportation and logistics costs increasing due to the Empire acquisition. Consulting, accounting, and legal
expenses increased to 897,891 during the year ended December 31, 2022 from 395,901 during the same period in 2021, an increase of 502,080
due to the fees associated with the Company s listing on Nasdaq. There was an increase in rent expenses as a result of the Empire
acquisition, increasing 2,859,036 from 605,480 during the year ended December 31, 2021 to 3,464,516 during the same period in 2022.
There were impairments of goodwill of 2,499,753 during the year ended December 31, 2022, as compared to 0 during the same period in
2021, an increase of 2,499,753. 

Our other general and administrative expenses increased
to 1,946,580 for the year ended December 31, 2022 from 1,789,698 for the year ended December 31, 2021, an increase of 156,882, as a
result of the Company s operations expanding from the Empire acquisition. 

The increase of these expenditures resulted in our
total operating expenses increasing to 23,323,775 during the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to 5,787,118 during the year ended
December 31, 2021, an increase of 17,536,657. 

Loss from Operations 

Our loss from operations increased 7,955,358 to 10,882,922
during the year ended December 31, 2022, from 2,927,564 during the year ended December 31, 2021. 

23 

Other
Income (Expense) 

During
the year ended December 31, 2022, we incurred other expenses of 24,160,368, as compared to other income of 1,295,143 for the year
ended December 31, 2021, a decrease of 25,455,511. This decrease is partially due to a gain of the forgiveness of debt of 0 and
 739,710 for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. There was a gain on settlement of convertible notes payable
and accrued interest, warrants and accounts payable of 516,920 and 182,160,381 for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021,
respectively. Our change in fair value of derivative liability for authorized share deficiency decreased to 0 in fiscal year 2022
from (171,343,164) during fiscal year 2021. We realized a 2,625,378 gain on the conversion of convertible debentures during fiscal
year 2022 as compared to a (880) loss in fiscal year 2021. In addition, interest expense increased to (34,079,230) during fiscal
year 2022 as compared to (10,561,789) during fiscal year 2021. There was also a warrant expense for a liquidated damages settlement
of 7,408,681 during the year ended December 31, 2022 as compared to 0 during the same period in 2021. Lastly, the there was a gain
in the fair value of derivative liabilities of 14,264,476 during fiscal year 2022, as compared to a gain of 300,885 during the
prior year. 

Net
(Loss) Income available to common stockholders 

Our net (loss) income available to shareholders decreased
by 66,635,355 to (63,859,328) during the year ended December 31, 2022, from 2,776,027 in net income during the year ended December
31, 2021. 

Liquidity and Capital Resources 

Net cash used in operating activities for the years
ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 was 2,609,173 and 2,487,213, respectively. 

Cash flows used in operations in 2022 were impacted
by depreciation of 875,809, amortization of intangible assets of 2,958,500, impairments on property and equipment of 227,186, amortization
of right of use assets of 64,095, amortization of right of use assets (related-party) of 2,137,750, impairments on goodwill of 2,499,753,
a gain in the fair value of derivative liabilities of 14,264,476, interest and amortization of debt discount of 32,340,565, a gain on
the conversion of notes payable of 2,625,378, a gain on the settlement of notes payable and factoring advances of 516,920, a warrant
expense for liquidated damages settlement of 7,408,681, an increase in rent due to a related party of 194,916, an increase in accounts
receivable of 215,256, a decrease in inventories of 191,356, a decrease in prepaid expenses of 12,838, an increase in security deposits
of 3,306, an increase in accounts payable of 1,703,299, an decrease in payroll wages payable of 1,738,665, a decrease in lease liability
of 65,030, a decrease in lease liability (related-party) of 1,843,614, and a decrease in environmental remediation liabilities of 22,207.
Cash flows used in operations in 2021 were impacted by a loss on derivative liabilities for the authorized share shortfall of 171,343,164,
amortization of right of use assets (related-party) of 373,640, amortization of right of use assets of 22,436, impairments of equipment
of 388,877, depreciation and amortization of 888,781, loss on conversions of convertible notes payable of 880, expenses of 158,371
paid by a non-convertible noteholder of the Company, decrease of prepaid expenses of 97,132, increases of accounts payable and accrued
expenses of 609,683, an increase in contract liability of 25,000, a decrease in operating lease liabilities of 30,544, a decrease in
operating lease liabilities (related-party) of 382,815, largely offset by a gain on the settlement of convertible notes and accrued interest
of 182,160,381, a gain on forgiveness of debt of 739,710, share-based compensation of 166,855, interest and amortization of debt discount
of 10,198,924, change in the value of derivative liabilities of 300,855, increases in inventories of 381,002, increase of security
deposits of 2,437, decreases of accrued payroll of 137,415, decrease in environmental remediation liabilities of 48,810, and a net
loss of 1,632,421. 

Net cash used by investing activities was 5,936,027
and 77,666 for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. For the year ended December 31, 2022, there was cash used in
the purchase of equipment of 5,936,027. For the year ended December
31, 2021, there was cash used in the purchase of equipment of 218,693 and cash acquired in the acquisition of the business of 141,027. 

24 

Net
cash provided by financing activities for the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 was 6,408,711 and 5,521,687, respectively. During
the year ended December 31, 2022, there were proceeds from non-convertible notes of 2,725,000 and proceeds of 6,518,310 from factoring
advances, offset by repayments of 220,000 towards non-convertible notes, repayments of 221,500 towards notes, repayments of advances of 12,000 and 2,381,310 towards factoring advances. During the year ended
December 31, 2021, there were cash proceeds of 200,000 from the sale of Series X Preferred Stock, proceeds of 27,585,450 from the sale
of convertible notes payable, proceeds of 1,465,053 from the sale of non-convertible notes payable, proceeds of 70,452 from advances,
proceeds of 122,865 from related-parties, offset by repayments of 2,503,300 of convertible notes payable, repayments of 5,629,455
to non-convertible notes payable, repayments of advances of 4,165,973, payments of 26,000 to settle warrants and stock, redemptions
of Series X Preferred Shares of 501,463, and redemptions of Series Y Preferred Shares of 11,095,942. 

Capital
Resources 

As
of December 31, 2022, we had cash on hand of 821,804. We currently have no external sources of liquidity such as arrangements with credit
institutions that will have or are reasonably likely to have a current or future effect on our financial condition or immediate access
to capital. 

Fundraising 

During
the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company received proceeds of 6,518,310 and 2,725,000 from the issuance of factoring advances
and non-convertible notes, respectively. 

Required
Capital over the Next Fiscal Year 

We
may need additional capital in the future to continue to execute our business plan. Therefore, we may be dependent upon additional capital
in the form of either debt or equity to continue our operations. At the present time, we do not have arrangements to raise additional
capital, and we may need to identify potential investors and negotiate appropriate arrangements with them. We may not be able to arrange
enough investment within the time the investment is required or that if it is arranged, that it will be on favorable terms. If we cannot
obtain the needed capital, we may not be able to become profitable and may have to curtail or cease our operations. Additional equity
financing, if available, may be dilutive to the holders of our capital stock. Debt financing may involve significant cash payment obligations,
covenants and financial ratios that may restrict our ability to operate and grow our business. 

Off-Balance
Sheet Arrangements 

We
do not have any off-balance sheet arrangements. 

Recent
Accounting Pronouncements 

In
August 2020, the FASB issued ASU 2020-06, which simplifies the guidance on accounting for convertible debt instruments by removing the
separation models for: (1) convertible debt with a cash conversion feature; and (2) convertible instruments with a beneficial conversion
feature. As a result, the Company will not separately present in equity an embedded conversion feature in such debt. Instead, we will
account for a convertible debt instrument wholly as debt, unless certain other conditions are met. We expect the elimination of these
models will reduce reported interest expense and increase reported net income for the Company s convertible instruments falling
under the scope of those models before the adoption of ASU 2020-06. Also, ASU 2020-06 requires the application of the if-converted method
for calculating diluted earnings per share and the treasury stock method will be no longer available. The provisions of ASU 2020-06 are
applicable for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2021, with early adoption permitted no earlier than fiscal years beginning after
December 15, 2020. The adoption of this update did not have a material impact on the Company s consolidated financial statements
and related disclosures. 

In
October 2021, the FASB issued ASU 2021-08, Business Combinations (Topic 805): Accounting for Contract Assets and Contract Liabilities
from Contracts with Customers, which requires that an acquirer recognize and measure contract assets and contract liabilities acquired
in a business combination in accordance with Topic 606, as if it had originated the contracts. Prior to this ASU, an acquirer generally
recognizes contract assets acquired and contract liabilities assumed that arose from contracts with customers at fair value on the acquisition
date. The ASU is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2022, with early adoption permitted. The ASU is to be applied
prospectively to business combinations occurring on or after the effective date of the amendment (or if adopted early as of an interim
period, as of the beginning of the fiscal year that includes the interim period of early application). The Company is currently evaluating
the adoption of ASU 2020-06 on its consolidated financial statements and related disclosures. 

25 

There
are other various updates recently issued, most of which represented technical corrections to the accounting literature or application
to specific industries and are not expected to have a material impact on the Company s financial position, results of operations
or cash flows. 

Critical
Accounting Policies 

Management s
Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations discuss our financial statements, which have been prepared in
accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States. The preparation of these consolidated financial statements
requires management to make estimates and judgments that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenues and expenses, and
the related disclosures of contingent assets and liabilities. On an on-going basis, management evaluates its estimates and judgments,
including estimates used in the calculation of stock-based compensation, fair values relating to derivative liabilities, payroll tax
liabilities with interest and penalties, deemed dividends, assumptions used in right-of-use and lease liability calculations, valuations
and impairments of goodwill and intangible assets acquired in business combination, estimated useful life of long-lived assets and finite
life tangible assets, determination of environmental remediation liabilities, and the valuation allowance related to deferred tax assets.
 Management bases its estimates and judgments on historical experience and on various other factors that are believed to be reasonable
under the circumstances, the results of which form the basis for making judgments about the carrying values of assets and liabilities
that are not readily apparent from other sources. Actual results may differ from these estimates under different assumptions and conditions. 

Management
believes the following critical accounting policies, among others, affect its more significant judgments and estimates used in the preparation
of its consolidated financial statements. 

Goodwill:
 Goodwill is the excess of the purchase price paid over the fair value of the net assets of the acquired business. Goodwill is tested
annually at December 31 for impairment. The annual qualitative or quantitative assessments involve determining an estimate of the fair
value of reporting units in order to evaluate whether an impairment of the current carrying amount of goodwill exists. A qualitative
assessment evaluates whether it is more likely than not that a reporting unit s fair value is less than its carrying amount before
applying the two-step quantitative goodwill impairment test. The first step of a quantitative goodwill impairment test compares the fair
value of the reporting unit to its carrying amount including goodwill. If the carrying amount of the reporting unit exceeds its fair
value, an impairment loss may be recognized. The amount of impairment loss is determined by comparing the implied fair value of the reporting
unit s goodwill with the carrying amount. If the carrying amount exceeds the implied fair value, then an impairment loss is recognized
equal to that excess. The Company has adopted the provisions of ASU 2017-04 Intangibles Goodwill and Other (Topic 350): Simplifying
the Test for Goodwill Impairment. ASU 2017-04 requires goodwill impairments to be measured on the basis of the fair value of a reporting
unit relative to the reporting unit s carrying amount rather than on the basis of the implied amount of goodwill relative to the
goodwill balance of the reporting unit. Thus, ASU 2017-04 permits an entity to record a goodwill impairment that is entirely or partly
due to a decline in the fair value of other assets that, under existing GAAP, would not be impaired or have a reduced carrying amount.
Furthermore, the ASU removes the requirements for any reporting unit with a zero or negative carrying amount to perform a qualitative
assessment and, if it fails that qualitative test, to perform Step 2 of the goodwill impairment test. Instead, all reporting units,
even those with a zero or negative carrying amount will apply the same impairment test. Accordingly, the goodwill of reporting unit or
entity with zero or negative carrying values will not be impaired, even when conditions underlying the reporting unit/entity may indicate
that goodwill is impaired. 

We
test our goodwill for impairment annually, or, under certain circumstances, more frequently, such as when events or circumstances indicate
there may be impairment. We are required to write down the value of goodwill only when our testing determines the recorded amount of
goodwill exceeds the fair value. Our annual measurement date for testing goodwill impairment is December 31. 

26 

None of the goodwill is deductible for income tax
purposes. During the fiscal years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company recorded 2,499,753 and 0 in impairment expense related
to goodwill, respectively. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the carrying value of goodwill was 0 and 2,499,753, respectively. 

Intangible: Intangible
assets with finite useful lives consist of tradenames, licenses and customer relationships and are amortized on a straight-line
basis over their estimated useful lives, which range from three to ten years. The estimated useful lives associated with
finite-lived intangible assets are consistent with the estimated lives of the associated products and may be modified when
circumstances warrant. Such assets are reviewed for impairment when events or circumstances indicate that the carrying value of an
asset may not be recoverable. An impairment loss would be recognized when estimated undiscounted future cash flows expected to
result from the use of an asset and its eventual disposition are less than its carrying amount. The amount of any impairment is
measured as the difference between the carrying amount and the fair value of the impaired asset. During the fiscal years ended
December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company recorded 2,499,753 and 0 in impairment expense related to intangibles and goodwill and
 2,958,500 and 739,625 in amortization of intangible assets, respectively. 

Income
Taxes: The Company accounts for its income taxes in accordance with Income Taxes Topic of the FASB ASC 740, which requires recognition
of deferred tax assets and liabilities for future tax consequences attributable to differences between the financial statement carrying
amounts of existing assets and liabilities and their respective tax bases and tax credit carry forwards. Deferred tax assets and liabilities
are measured using enacted tax rates expected to apply to taxable income in the years in which those temporary differences are expected
to be recovered or settled. The effect on deferred tax assets and liabilities of a change in tax rates is recognized in operations in
the period that includes the enactment date. 

Income
tax expense is based on reported earnings before income taxes. Deferred income taxes reflect the impact of temporary differences between
assets and liabilities recognized for consolidated financial reporting purposes and such amounts recognized for tax purposes and are
measured by applying enacted tax rates in effect in years in which the differences are expected to reverse. 

The
Company also follows the guidance related to accounting for income tax uncertainties. In accounting for uncertainty in income taxes,
the Company recognizes the financial statement benefit of a tax position only after determining that the relevant tax authority would
more likely than not sustain the position following an audit. For tax positions meeting the more likely than not threshold, the amount
recognized in the financial statements is the largest benefit that has a greater than 50 likelihood of being realized upon ultimate
settlement with the relevant tax authority. 

Greenwave
has also experienced impacts of inflation to its operations, mainly the significant increases in the prices of recycled metal, which
in turn, has resulted in increases to the Company s revenue and profit margin. The Company has also experienced increases to its
wages and salaries, hauling, and towing expenses caused by inflation, but is taking steps to minimize impacts to the Company s
financial position. Greenwave does not experience material changes to its business due to seasonality. 

ITEM
7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 

We
are a smaller reporting company as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act and are not required to provide the information
required by this Item. 

ITEM
8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 

The
consolidated financial statements required to be included in this Annual Report appear as indexed in the appendix to this Annual Report
beginning on page F-1. 

ITEM
9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE 

None. 

27 

ITEM
9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES. 

Evaluation
of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 

Pursuant
to Rules 13a-15(b) and 15-d-15(b) under the Exchange Act, we carried out an evaluation, with the participation of our management, including
our Chief Executive Officer CEO and Interim Chief Financial Officer CFO of the effectiveness of our disclosure
controls and procedures as of the end of the period covered by this Annual Report. The term disclosure controls and procedures, 
as defined under Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act, means controls and other procedures of a company that are designed
to ensure that information required to be disclosed by a company in the reports that it files or submits under the Exchange Act is recorded,
processed, summarized, and reported, within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms. Disclosure controls and procedures
include, without limitation, controls and procedures designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by a company in the
reports that it files or submits under the Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated to the company s management, including
its principal executive and principal financial officer, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. Based
upon such evaluation, our CEO and CFO concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures as of December 31, 2022 were not effective
(at a reasonable assurance level) due to identified control deficiencies regarding the lack of segregation of duties and the need for
a stronger internal control environment. 

To
address the material weaknesses, we performed additional analysis and other post-closing procedures in an effort to ensure our financial
statements included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K have been prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles
in the U.S. Accordingly, management believes that the financial statements included in this Annual Report fairly present in all material
respects our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows for the periods presented. 

Our
principal executive officer and principal financial officer do not expect that our disclosure controls and procedures or our internal
controls will prevent all error or fraud. A control system, no matter how well conceived and operated, can provide only reasonable, not
absolute, assurance that the objectives of the control system are met. Further, the design of a control system must reflect the fact
that there are resource constraints and the benefits of controls must be considered relative to their costs. Due to the inherent limitations
in all control systems, no evaluation of controls can provide absolute assurance that all control issues and instances of fraud, if any,
have been detected. 

Management s
Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting 

Our
management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting as defined in Rule 13a-15(f)
under the Exchange Act. Our management, including our principal executive officer and principal financial officer, assessed the effectiveness
of our internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022. In making this assessment, our management used the criteria
set forth by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission COSO in Internal Control-Integrated
Framework (issued in 2013). A material weakness is a deficiency, or a combination of deficiencies, in internal control over financial
reporting, such that there is a reasonable possibility that a material misstatement of our annual or interim financial statements will
not be prevented or detected on a timely basis. 

Based
upon the assessments, management has concluded that as of December 31, 2022, there was a material weakness in our internal control over
financial reporting due to the fact that we did not have an adequate process established to ensure appropriate levels of review of accounting
and financial reporting matters, which resulted in our closing process not identifying all required adjustments and disclosures in a
timely fashion. 

We
plan to take steps to enhance and improve the design of our internal control over financial reporting. To remediate our material weaknesses,
we plan to appoint additional qualified personnel with the requisite knowledge to improve the levels of review of accounting and financial
reporting matters; however, such remediation efforts are largely dependent upon our securing additional financing or generating significant
revenue to cover the costs of implementing the changes required. 

Until
we remediate our material weakness in internal control over financial reporting such weaknesses could result in material misstatements
in our financial statements not being prevented or detected. 

28 

Inherent
Limitations on Effectiveness of Controls and Procedures 

The
Company s management, including the Company s CEO and CFO, does not expect that the Company s internal control over
financial reporting will prevent or detect all errors and all fraud. Any controls and procedures, no matter how well designed and operated,
can provide only reasonable assurance of achieving the desired control objective and management necessarily applies its judgment in evaluating
the cost-benefit relationship of possible controls and procedures. Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial
reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject
to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree or compliance with the policies
or procedures may deteriorate. 

The
Company s CEO and CFO has identified control deficiencies regarding the lack of segregation of duties and the need for a stronger
internal control environment. The small size of the Company s accounting staff may prevent adequate controls in the future, such
as segregation of duties, due to the cost/benefit of such remediation. 

Because
of the above material weakness, management has concluded that we did not maintain effective internal control over financial reporting
as of December 31, 2022, based on the criteria established in Internal Control-Integrated Framework issued by the COSO. 

This
Annual Report does not include an attestation report of our independent registered public accounting firm regarding internal control
over financial reporting. Management s report was not subject to attestation by our independent registered public accounting firm
pursuant to temporary rules of the Securities and Exchange Commission that permit us to provide only management s report in this
Annual Report. 

Changes
in Internal Control over Financial Reporting 

During
the most recent fiscal quarter, the Company began hiring additional accounting personnel to enhance its segregation of duties and establishment
of procedures in an effort to ensure appropriate levels of review of accounting and financial reporting matters. 

ITEM
9B. OTHER INFORMATION 

None. 

ITEM
9C. DISCLOSURE REGARDING FOREIGN JURISDICTIONS THAT PREVENT INSPECTIONS 

None. 

PART
III 

ITEM
10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 

Directors
and Executive Officers 

The
name and age of our Directors and Executive Officers are set forth below. All Directors are elected annually by the stockholders to serve
until the next annual meeting of the stockholders and until their successors are duly elected and qualified. The officers are elected
by our Board of Directors (the Board ). 

Name 
 
 Age 
 
 Executive
 Position 
 
 Danny
 Meeks 
 
 49 
 
 Chief
 Executive Officer, Chairman of the Board 
 
 Ashley
 Sickles 
 
 35 
 
 Chief
 Financial Officer 
 
 Cheryl
 Lanthorn 
 
 51 
 
 Director 
 
 J.
 Bryan Plumlee 
 
 55 
 
 Director 
 
 John
 Wood 
 
 48 
 
 Director 

29 

Mr.
Danny Meeks , Chief Executive Officer and Chairman Mr. Meeks is the Chief Executive Officer of the Company, a position
he has held since September 30, 2021. He has served as a Director and Chairman of the Board since June 2021. He served as interim Chief
Financial Officer from November 30, 2021 until April 18, 2022. He was the sole owner and President of Empire Services, Inc., a metal
recycling company he founded in 2002, until its acquisition by the Company in September 2021. Additionally, Mr. Meeks has served
as the President of DWM Properties, LLC, his real estate holding company, since 2002, and as the President of Select Recycling and Waste
Services, Inc., a waste disposal and recycling company, since October 2016. 

Ashley
Sickles, Chief Financial Officer Mrs. Sickles is the Chief Financial Officer of the Company, a position she has held since
September 2022. Previously, from June 2017 to August 2022, Mrs. Sickles served as Director of Finance for JAWS, Inc., a leading regional
restaurant operator and franchisor with multiple locations. Mrs. Sickles holds a Master s in Business Administration from Western
Governors University and a Bachelor s Degree in Accounting from West Virginia University. 

Mr.
J. Bryan Plumlee, Director Mr. Plumlee has served as a Director of the Company since April 2022 and is a Co-Managing Shareholder
of Poole Brooke Plumlee PC, where he serves as Chairman of the firm s Litigation Department and manages its Court Collection Department.
His practice focuses on civil litigation with an emphasis on business, land use, environmental law and product liability, including aviation
litigation. As part of a vibrant land use practice, Mr. Plumlee heads a team within the firm specializing in environmental remediation
projects. Mr. Plumlee has been an attorney with Poole Brooke Plumlee PC (formerly Huff Poole Mahoney, PC) since August 1999. 

Mr.
Plumlee s clients include multiple regional businesses, professionals, insurance companies as well as municipalities. Mr. Plumlee
has been repeatedly elected by his peers to be included in Virginia Business magazine s Legal Elite and Virginia Super Lawyers
in the categories of Civil Litigation Defense and Environmental Litigation. Mr. Plumlee has an AV Preeminent rating from Martindale-Hubbell. 

Mrs.
Cheryl Lanthorn, Director Mrs. Lanthorn has served as a Director of the Company since April 2022. Mrs. Lanthorn began her
career as a Personal Administrator at Welton, Duke Hawks before rising to an Accounting Administrator due to her work-ethic, extensive
accounting knowledge, and attention to detail. For the next 14 years, Mrs. Lanthorn was a Software Trainer and Content Developer for
Applied Systems, Inc., where she created webinars and instructional documentation to teach employees how to best utilize TAM, Vision,
Epic, and other scalable software programs. From December 2015 to July 2022, Mrs. Lanthorn served as an Account Executive at Brown 
Brown Insurance, where she managed one of the company s largest books of business, managed employees and their books, trained new
employees, and performed various other administrative duties. Since August 2022, Mrs. Lanthorn has been a Senior Account Manager at Marsh
McLennan Agency, LLC, where she manages large corporate accounts. 

Mr.
John Wood, Director Mr. Wood has served as a Director of the Company since April 2022. Since 1998, Mr. Wood has served
as a licensed real estate agent in Virginia. Since 2010, He has served as the Principal Broker of John E. Wood Realty, Inc., based
in Chesapeake, Virginia, where through his extensive relationships with business and community leaders, he has become one of the
region s most active real Residential, Commercial and Property Management Brokers. He is also the Virginia Principal Broker
for two other companies, which rank in the top 10 in the nation. In July 2018, he launched American Contracting Services, LLC, which
has successfully completed hundreds of Commercial and Residential construction projects. 

Family
Relationships 

There
are no family relationships among our directors and executive officers. 

Involvement
in Legal Proceedings 

We
are not aware of any of our directors or officers being involved in any legal proceedings in the past ten years relating to any matters
in bankruptcy, insolvency, criminal proceedings (other than traffic and other minor offenses) or being subject to any of the items set
forth under Item 401(f) of Regulation S-K. 

30 

CORPORATE
GOVERNANCE 

Governance
of Our Company 

We
seek to maintain high standards of business conduct and corporate governance, which we believe are fundamental to the overall
success of our business, serving our Stockholders well and maintaining our integrity in the marketplace. Our corporate governance
guidelines and Code of Conduct and Ethics, together with our Second Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation, Amended and
Restated Bylaws and the charters for each of our Board committees, form the basis for our corporate governance framework. We also
are subject to certain provisions of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act and the rules and regulations of the SEC. The full text of the Code of
Conduct and Ethics is available on our website at https://www.greenwavetechnologysolutions.com/code-of-conduct and is also filed as
an exhibit to our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2014 as filed with the SEC on April 1, 2015. 

As
described below, our Board has established four standing committees to assist it in fulfilling its responsibilities to the Company and
its stockholders: The Audit Committee, the Compensation Committee, the Nominating and Corporate Governance
Committee and the Sustainability Committee. 

Our
Board of Directors 

As
of December 31, 2022, our Board consists of four members. The number of directors on our Board can be evaluated and amended by action
of our Board. 

Our
Board judges the independence of its directors by the standards established by the Nasdaq Stock Market. Accordingly, the Board has determined
that our three non-employee directors, Cheryl Lanthorn, J. Bryan Plumlee and John Wood each meet the independence standards established
by the Nasdaq Stock Market and the applicable independence rules and regulations of the SEC, including the rules relating to the independence
of the members of our Audit Committee and Compensation Committee. Our Board considers a director to be independent when the director
is not an officer or employee of the Company or its subsidiaries, does not have any relationship which would, or could reasonably appear
to, materially interfere with the independent judgment of such director, and the director otherwise meets the independence requirements
under the listing standards of the Nasdaq Stock Market and the rules and regulations of the SEC. 

Our
Board believes its members collectively have the experience, qualifications, attributes and skills to effectively oversee the management
of our Company, including a high degree of personal and professional integrity, an ability to exercise sound business judgment on a broad
range of issues, sufficient experience and background to resolve the issues facing our Company, a willingness to devote the necessary
time to their Board and committee duties, a commitment to representing the best interests of the Company and our stockholders and a dedication
to enhancing stockholder value. 

Risk
Oversight. Our Board oversees the management of risks inherent in the operation of our business and the implementation of our business
strategies. Our Board performs this oversight role by using several different levels of review. In connection with its reviews of the
operations and corporate functions of our Company, our Board addresses the primary risks associated with those operations and corporate
functions. In addition, our Board reviews the risks associated with our Company s business strategies periodically throughout the
year as part of its consideration of undertaking any such business strategies. Each of our Board committees also coordinates oversight
of the management of our risk that falls within the committee s areas of responsibility. In performing this function, each committee
has full access to management, as well as the ability to engage advisors. The Board is also provided with updates by the Chief Executive
Officer and other executive officers of the Company on a regular basis. 

Stockholder
Communications. Although we do not have a formal policy regarding communications with the Board, Stockholders may communicate with
the Board by writing to us at 4016 Raintree Rd, Chesapeake, VA 23321, Attention: Chairman. Stockholders who would like their submission
directed to a member of the Board may so specify, and the communication will be forwarded, as appropriate. Please note that the foregoing
communication procedure does not apply to (i) stockholder proposals pursuant to Exchange Act Rule 14a-8 and communications made in connection
with such proposals or (ii) service of process or any other notice in a legal proceeding. 

31 

Board
and Committee Meetings 

During
the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022, our Board held three meetings. During the fiscal year ended December 31, 2021, our Board
held no meetings and operated solely by unanimous written consent. For the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022, our Board was
composed of one member from January to April 2022, and four members from April to December 2022, all of whom attended every meeting
of our Board. For the fiscal year ended December 31, 2021, our Board was composed of one member from January to June 2021, two
members from June to November 2021, and one member in December 2021, all of whom attended every meeting of our Board. Our Audit
Committee did not have any members from January to April 2022 and had three members from April to December 2022. Our Audit
Committee held four meetings during the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022 and all members attended every meeting of the Audit
Committee in 2022. Our Compensation Committee and Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee did not have any members from
January to April 2022, three members from April to December 2022, and did not meet during the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022. Our
Audit Committee, Compensation Committee, Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee did not have any members and did not meet
during the fiscal year ended December 31, 2021. Our Sustainability Committee was formed in September 2022, consisted of four members
from September to December 2022, and did not meet during the year ended December 31, 2022. 

The
Company held its 2022 Shareholder s Meeting on November 29, 2022. The Company held its 2021 Shareholder s Meeting on September
3, 2021. 

Board
Committees 

On
December 9, 2015, our Board designated the following three committees of the Board: the Audit Committee, the Compensation Committee,
and the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee. In September 2022, the Board formed a Sustainability Committee. 

Audit
Committee . Effective as of April 18, 2022 the Board appointed each of Cheryl Lanthorn and John Wood as a member of the
Audit Committee. Effective as of April 19, 2022 the Board appointed J. Bryan Plumlee as a member of the Audit Committee. J. Bryan Plumlee
is the Chairman of the Audit Committee. The Audit Committee is responsible for, among other things, overseeing the financial reporting
and audit process and evaluating our internal controls over financial reporting. The Board has determined that J. Bryan Plumlee is an
 audit committee financial expert serving on its Audit Committee. The Board has determined that each member of the Audit
Committee is independent, as that term is defined by applicable SEC rules. In addition, the Board has determined that each
member of the Audit Committee is independent, as that term is defined by the rules of the Nasdaq Stock Market. A copy of
the Audit Committee Charter is available on our website at https://www.greenwavetechnologysolutions.com/audit-committee-charter . 

Compensation
Committee . Effective as of April 18, 2022 the Board appointed each of Cheryl Lanthorn and John Wood as a member of the
Compensation Committee. Effective as of April 19, 2022 the Board appointed J. Bryan Plumlee as a member of the Compensation Committee.
J. Bryan Plumlee is the Chairman of the Compensation Committee. The Compensation Committee is responsible for, among other things, establishing
and overseeing the Company s executive and equity compensation programs, establishing performance goals and objectives, and evaluating
performance against such goals and objectives. The Board has determined that each member of the Compensation Committee is independent, 
as that term is defined by applicable SEC rules. In addition, the Board has determined that each member of the Compensation Committee
is independent, as that term is defined by the rules of the Nasdaq Stock Market. A copy of the Compensation Committee Charter
is available on our website at https://www.greenwavetechnologysolutions.com/compensation-committee-charter . 

Nominating
and Corporate Governance Committee . Effective as of April 18, 2022 the Board appointed each of Cheryl Lanthorn and John
Wood as a member of the Nomination and Corporate Governance Committee. Effective as of April 19, 2022 the Board appointed J. Bryan Plumlee
as a member of the Nomination and Corporate Governance Committee. J. Bryan Plumlee is the Chairman of the Nomination and Corporate Governance
Committee. The Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee is responsible for, among other things, identifying and recommending candidates
to fill vacancies occurring between annual stockholder meetings and reviewing the Company s policies and programs relating to matters
of corporate citizenship, including public issues of significance to the Company and its stockholders. The Board has determined that
each member of the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee is independent, as that term is defined by applicable
SEC rules. In addition, the Board has determined that each member of the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee is independent, 
as that term is defined by the rules of the Nasdaq Stock Market. A copy of the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee Charter
is available on our website at https://www.greenwavetechnologysolutions.com/ncg-charter . 

32 

Sustainability
Committee . Effective as of September 13, 2022 the Board appointed each of Cheryl Lanthorn, John Wood and J. Bryan Plumlee
as members of the Sustainability Committee. Cheryl Lanthorn is the Chairwoman of the Sustainability Committee. The Sustainability Committee
is responsible for, among other things, setting and overseeing the Company s goals, strategies, and commitments related to sustainability
and environmental, social and governance matters, including climate risks and opportunities, community and social impact, and diversity and inclusion. A copy of the Sustainability
Committee Charter is available on our website at https://www.greenwavetechnologysolutions.com/sustainability-committee-charter . 

Risk
Oversight 

The
Board is primarily responsible for overseeing our risk management processes. The Board receives and reviews periodic reports from management,
auditors, legal counsel and others, as appropriate, regarding the Company s assessment of risks. The Board focuses on the most
significant risks facing the Company and our general risk management strategy, and also ensures that the risks we undertake are consistent
with the Board s risk parameters. While the Board oversees the risk management process, our management is responsible for day-to-day
risk management and, if management identifies new or additional significant risks, it brings such risks to the attention of the Board. 

Board
Leadership Structure 

Danny
Meeks is the Chairman of our Board and Chief Executive Officer of the Company. The Chairman of the Board presides at all meetings of
the Board, unless such position is vacant, in which case, the Chief Executive Officer of the Company would preside. 

Policy
on Hedging the Economic Risks of Equity Ownership . 

The
Company has no policy regarding hedging the economic risks of equity ownership for the executive team or directors of the Company and
the Company does not engage in this practice. 

Changes
to security holder director nomination procedures 

The
Company has not adopted procedures for considering director candidates submitted by stockholders under Item 407(c)(2)(iv), Regulation
S-K. 

Delinquent
Section 16(a) Reports 

Section
16(a) of the Exchange Act requires our directors and executive officers and persons who beneficially own more than 10 of our outstanding
shares of Common Stock (collectively, Reporting Persons to file with the SEC initial reports of ownership and reports
of changes in ownership in our Common Stock and other equity securities. Such persons are required by SEC regulations to furnish to us
copies of all Section 16(a) forms they file. To our knowledge, based solely on our review of copies of the reports received by us or
written representations from certain Reporting Persons that no other reports were required, we believe that during the fiscal year ended
December 31, 2022, all filing requirements applicable to the Reporting Persons were timely met. 

ITEM
11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 

Named
Executive Officers 

Our
named executive officers for the year ended December 31, 2022 were Danny Meeks, our Chief Executive Officer, Ashley Sickles, our
Chief Financial Officer, and Howard Jordan, our former Chief Financial Officer. 

33 

Summary
Compensation Table 

The
following table presents the compensation awarded to, earned by or paid to our named executive officers for the years ended December
31, 2022 and December 31, 2021. 

Name
 and Principal Position 
 Year 
 Salary 
 ) 
 Bonus 
 ) 
 Stock 
 awards ) (1) 
 Option 
 awards ) (1) 
 Nonequity 
 incentive plan compensation ) 
 Nonqualified 
 deferred compensation earnings 
 ) 
 All
 other compensation ) (1) 
 Total
 
 ) 
 
 Danny
 Meeks 
 2022 
 500,000 
 1,450,000 

1,950,000 
 
 Chief
 Executive Officer 
 2021 
 125,000 
 250,000 
 166,855 

541,855 

Ashley
 Sickles 
 2022 
 41,250 

41,250 
 
 Chief
 Financial Officer 
 2021 

Howard
 Jordan 
 2022 
 84,346 

84,635 
 
 Former
 Chief Financial Officer 
 2021 

(1) 
 These
 amounts are the aggregate fair value of the equity compensation incurred by the Company for payments to executives during the fiscal
 year. The aggregate fair value is computed in accordance with Financial Accounting Standards Board FASB Accounting
 Standards Codification ASC Topic 718. The fair market value was calculated using the Black-Scholes options pricing
 model. 

Outstanding
Equity Awards at December 31, 2022 

There
were no outstanding equity awards held by our named executive officers as of December 31, 2022. 

Narrative
Disclosure to the Summary Compensation Table 

Danny
Meeks 

On
September 30, 2021, the Company entered into an employment agreement with Danny Meeks pursuant to which Mr. Meeks serves as the Company s
Chief Executive Officer. Pursuant to the terms of the employment agreement, Mr. Meeks shall receive an annual base salary of 500,000.
In addition, Mr. Meeks shall be eligible to receive an annual bonus and shall be eligible to receive such awards under the Company s
incentive plans as determined by the Company s Compensation Committee. Mr. Meeks may be terminated by the Company or may voluntarily
resign, at any time, with or without cause. Either the Company or Mr. Meeks may terminate Mr. Meeks employment upon two weeks
prior written notice. 

Until
October 1, 2026, for every 1 million in annual revenue Empire Services, Inc., a Virginia corporation and wholly owned subsidiary of
the Company, generates over 20 million, Mr. Meeks shall be entitled to receive either 833,333 shares of the Company s common stock
or 50,000 in cash, at the discretion of Mr. Meeks. 

Upon
termination except by death (the Termination Date ), the Company shall pay Mr. Meeks (i) any accrued but unpaid compensation,
(ii) a pro-rata portion of his annual bonus calculated as of the Termination Date and (iii) reimbursement of expenses incurred on or
prior to the Termination Date. In addition, Mr. Meeks may elect to receive Consolidated Omnibus Budget Reconciliation Act of 1985 benefits
for up to twelve months from the Termination Date. Upon termination of Mr. Meeks employment for death, the Company shall pay Mr.
Meeks (i) any accrued but unpaid compensation and (ii) reimbursement of expenses incurred on or prior to such date. Mr. Meeks is also
entitled to participate in any and all benefit plans such as health, dental and life insurance, from time to time, in effect for senior
executives, along with vacation, sick and holiday pay in accordance with the Company s policies established and in effect from
time to time. In the fiscal years ended December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, Mr. Meeks received 1,450,000 and 0 in bonuses, respectively.
In the fiscal years ended December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, Mr. Meeks received stock grants with a fair market value of 0 and
 166,855, respectively. Mr. Meeks did not receive any compensation related to his position as a director. As of December 31, 2022, Mr.
Meeks was owed 950,000 in accrued but unpaid bonuses. 

Howard Jordan 

On April 18, 2022, the Company hired
 Howard Jordan as Chief Financial Officer, for which he received a salary of 135,000 per year. On September 12, 2022, the Company
terminated Mr. Jordan s employment as Chief Financial Officer. 

34 

Ashley
Sickles 

On
September 13, 2022, the Company hired Ashley Sickles as Chief Financial Officer, for which she receives a salary of 135,000 per year. 

At
no time during the periods listed in the above tables, with respect to any named executive officers, was there: 

any
 outstanding option or other equity-based award re-priced or otherwise materially modified (such as by extension of exercise periods,
 the change of vesting or forfeiture conditions, the change or elimination of applicable performance criteria, or the change of the
 bases upon which returns are determined); 

any
 waiver or modification of any specified performance target, goal or condition to payout with respect to any amount included in non-stock
 incentive plan compensation or payouts; 

any
 non-equity incentive plan award made to a named executive officer; 

any
 nonqualified deferred compensation plans including nonqualified defined contribution plans; or 

any
 payment for any item to be included under the All Other Compensation column in the Summary Compensation Table. 

Director
Compensation 

The
following table presents the total compensation for each person who served as a non-employee director of our Board during the fiscal
year ended December 31, 2022. Other than as set forth in the table and described more fully below, we did not pay any compensation, reimburse
any expense of, make any equity awards or non-equity awards to, or pay any other compensation to any of the other members of our Board
in such period. 

Name 
 Fees Earned or Paid in Cash ) 
 Stock Awards ) 
 Option Awards ) 
 All Other Compensation ) 
 Total ) 
 
 J. Bryan Plumlee 
 15,000 
 - 
 - 
 
 15,000 
 
 Cheryl Lanthorn 
 12,500 
 - 
 - 
 
 12,500 
 
 John Wood 
 12,500 
 - 
 - 
 
 12,500 

Total: 
 40,000 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 40,000 

Indemnification
of Officers and Directors 

Our
Second Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation provides that we shall indemnify our officers and directors to the fullest
extent permitted by applicable law against all liability and loss suffered and expenses (including attorneys fees) incurred
in connection with actions or proceedings brought against them by reason of their serving or having served as officers, directors or
in other capacities. We shall be required to indemnify a director or officer in connection with an action or proceeding commenced by
such director or officer only if the commencement of such action or proceeding by the director or officer was authorized in advance
by the Board of Directors. 

Our
Equity Incentive Plans 

Our
Stockholders approved our 2014 Equity Incentive Plan 2014 Plan in June 2014, our 2015 Equity Incentive Plan (the 2015
Plan in December 2015, our 2016 Equity Incentive Plan 2016 Plan in October 2016, our 2017 Equity Incentive Plan 2017 Plan in December 2016, our 2018 Equity Incentive Plan 2018 Plan in June 2018, our 2021 Equity Incentive
Plan 2021 Plan in September 2021, and our 2022 Equity Incentive Plan 2022 Plan and together with the 2014
Plan, 2015 Plan, 2016 Plan, 2017 Plan, 2018 Plan, and 2021 Plan, the Plans in November 2022. The Plans are identical, except
for the number of shares of Common Stock reserved for issuance under each. 

35 

The
Plans provide for the grant of incentive stock options, non-statutory stock options, stock bonus awards, restricted stock awards, performance
stock awards and other forms of stock compensation to our employees, including officers, consultants and directors. Our Plans also provide
that the grant of performance stock awards may be paid out in cash as determined by the Committee (as defined herein). 

Plan
Details 

The
following table and information below sets forth information as of December 31, 2022 with respect to our Plans: 

Number of securities to be issued upon exercise of outstanding options, warrants and rights (a) 
 Weighted- average exercise price of outstanding options, warrants and rights (b) 
 Number of securities remaining available for future issuance under equity compensation plans (excluding securities reflected in column (a) (c) 
 
 Equity compensation plans approved by security holders 
 92,166 
 148.11 
 567,300 
 
 Equity compensation plans not approved by security holders 

Total 
 92,166 
 148.11 
 567,300 

Summary
of the Plans 

Authorized
Shares 

No
shares of our Common Stock are reserved for issuance pursuant to the 2014 Plan, 2015 Plan, the 2016 Plan, the 2017 Plan, the 2018 Plan,
the 2021 Plan, or the 2022 Plan. There are currently 633 shares of our Common Stock available for issuance pursuant to the 2018 Plan,
166,667 shares of our Common Stock available for issuance pursuant to the 2021 Plan, and 400,000 shares of our Common Stock available
for issuance pursuant to the 2022 Plan. Shares of Common Stock issued under our Plans may be authorized but unissued or reacquired shares
of our Common Stock. Shares of Common Stock subject to stock awards granted under our Plans that expire or terminate without being exercised
in full, or that are paid out in cash rather than in shares of Common Stock, will not reduce the number of shares of Common Stock available
for issuance under our Plans. Additionally, shares of Common Stock issued pursuant to stock awards under our Plans that we repurchase
or that are forfeited, as well as shares of Common Stock reacquired by us as consideration for the exercise or purchase price of a stock
award, will become available for future grant under our Plans. 

Administration 

Our
Board, or a duly authorized committee thereof (collectively, the Committee ), has the authority to administer our Plans.
Our Board may also delegate to one or more of our officers the authority to designate employees other than Directors and officers to
receive specified stock, which, in respect to those awards, said officer or officers shall then have all authority that the Committee
would have. 

36 

Subject
to the terms of our Plans, the Committee has the authority to determine the terms of awards, including recipients, the exercise price
or strike price of stock awards, if any, the number of shares of Common Stock subject to each stock award, the fair market value of a
share of our Common Stock, the vesting schedule applicable to the awards, together with any vesting acceleration, the form of consideration,
if any, payable upon exercise or settlement of the stock award and the terms and conditions of the award agreements for use under the
Plans. The Committee has the power to modify outstanding awards under the Plans, subject to the terms of the Plans and applicable law.
Subject to the terms of our Plans, the Committee has the authority to reprice any outstanding option or stock appreciation right, cancel
and re-grant any outstanding option or stock appreciation right in exchange for new stock awards, cash or other consideration, or take
any other action that is treated as a repricing under generally accepted accounting principles, with the consent of any adversely affected
participant. 

Stock
Options 

Stock
options may be granted under the Plans. The exercise price of options granted under our Plans must at least be equal to the fair market
value of our Common Stock on the date of grant. The term of an ISO may not exceed 10 years, except that with respect to any participant
who owns more than 10 of the voting power of all classes of our outstanding stock, the term must not exceed 5 years and the exercise
price must equal at least 110 of the fair market value on the grant date. The Committee will determine the methods of payment of the
exercise price of an option, which may include cash, shares of Common Stock or other property acceptable to the Committee, as well as
other types of consideration permitted by applicable law. No single participant may receive more than 25 of the total options awarded
in any single year. Subject to the provisions of our Plans, the Committee determines the other terms of options. 

Performance
Shares 

Performance
shares may be granted under our Plans. Performance shares are awards that will result in a payment to a participant only if performance
goals established by the administrator are achieved or the awards otherwise vest. The Committee will establish organizational or individual
performance goals or other vesting criteria in its discretion, which, depending on the extent to which they are met, will determine the
number and/or the value of performance shares to be paid out to participants. After the grant of a performance share, the Committee,
in its sole discretion, may reduce or waive any performance criteria or other vesting provisions for such performance shares. The Committee,
in its sole discretion, may pay earned performance units or performance shares in the form of cash, in shares of Common Stock or in some
combination thereof, per the terms of the agreement approved by the Committee and delivered to the participant. Such agreement will state
all terms and condition of the agreement. 

Restricted
Stock 

The
terms and conditions of any restricted stock awards granted to a participant will be set forth in an award agreement and, subject to
the provisions in the Plans, will be determined by the Committee. Under a restricted stock award, we issue shares of our Common Stock
to the recipient of the award, subject to vesting conditions and transfer restrictions that lapse over time or upon achievement of performance
conditions. The Committee will determine the vesting schedule and performance objectives, if any, applicable to each restricted stock
award. Unless the Committee determines otherwise, the recipient may vote and receive dividends on shares of restricted stock issued under
our Plans. 

Other
Share-Based Awards and Cash Awards 

The
Committee may make other forms of equity-based awards under our Plans, including, for example, deferred shares, stock bonus awards and
dividend equivalent awards. In addition, our Plans authorizes us to make annual and other cash incentive awards based on achieving performance
goals that are pre-established by our compensation committee. 

37 

Merger,
Consolidation or Asset Sale 

If
the Company is merged or consolidated with another entity or sells or otherwise disposes of substantially all of its assets to another
company while awards or options remain outstanding under the Plans, unless provisions are made in connection with such transaction for
the continuance of the Plans and/or the assumption or substitution of such awards or options with new options or stock awards covering
the stock of the successor company, or parent or subsidiary thereof, with appropriate adjustments as to the number and kind of shares
and prices, then all outstanding options and stock awards which have not been continued, assumed or for which a substituted award has
not been granted shall, whether or not vested or then exercisable, unless otherwise specified in the relevant agreements, terminate immediately
as of the effective date of any such merger, consolidation or sale. 

Change
in Capitalization 

If
the Company shall effect a subdivision or consolidation of shares of Common Stock or other capital readjustment, the payment of a stock
dividend, or other increase or reduction of the number of shares of Common Stock outstanding, without receiving consideration therefore
in money, services or property, then awards amounts, type, limitations, and other relevant consideration shall be appropriately and proportionately
adjusted. The Committee shall make such adjustments, and its determinations shall be final, binding and conclusive. 

Plan Amendment or Termination 

Our
Board has the authority to amend, suspend, or terminate our Plans, provided that such action does not materially impair the existing
rights of any participant without such participant s written consent. Each of the Plans will terminate ten years after the earlier
of (i) the date that each such Plan is adopted by the Board, or (ii) the date that each such Plan is approved by the Stockholders, except
that awards that are granted under the applicable Plan prior to its termination will continue to be administered under the terms of the
that Plan until the awards terminate, expire or are exercised. 

ITEM
12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS. 

The following table sets forth certain information
regarding the beneficial ownership of our Common Stock, and Series Z Preferred Stock by (i) each person who, to our knowledge, owns more
than 5 of our Common Stock or Series Z Preferred Stock, (ii) our current directors and the named executive officers identified under
the heading Executive Compensation and (iii) all of our current directors and executive officers as a group. We have determined
beneficial ownership in accordance with applicable rules of the SEC, and the information reflected in the table below is not necessarily
indicative of beneficial ownership for any other purpose. Under applicable SEC rules, beneficial ownership includes any shares as to which
a person has sole or shared voting power or investment power and any shares which the person has the right to acquire within 60 days after
March 29, 2023 through the exercise of any option, warrant or right or through the conversion of any convertible security. Unless otherwise
indicated in the footnotes to the table below and subject to community property laws where applicable, we believe, based on the information
furnished to us that each of the persons named in this table has sole voting and investment power with respect to the shares indicated
as beneficially owned. 

The information set forth in the table below is based
on 11,250,813 shares of our Common Stock and 250 shares of Series Z Preferred Stock issued and outstanding on March 29, 2023. In computing
the number of shares of Common Stock beneficially owned by a person and the percentage ownership of that person, we deemed to be outstanding
all shares of Common Stock subject to options, warrants, rights or other convertible securities held by that person that are currently
exercisable or will be exercisable within 60 days after March 29, 2023. We did not deem these shares outstanding, however, for the purpose
of computing the percentage ownership of any other person. Unless otherwise indicated, the principal address of each of the Stockholders
below is in care of Greenwave Technology Solutions, Inc., 4016 Raintree Rd, Ste 300, Chesapeake, VA 23321. 

38 

Number of Shares of Common Stock Beneficially Owned 
 Percentage of Common Stock Beneficially Owned 
 Number of Shares of Series Z Preferred Stock Beneficially Owned 
 Percentage of Series Z Preferred Stock Beneficially Owned 
 of Total Voting Power 
 
 Directors and Named Executive Officers 

Danny Meeks 
 4,398,163 (1) 
 33.61 
 250 
 100.00 
 33.61 
 
 John Wood 
 25,866 
 
 - 
 - 

Cheryl Lanthorn 
 880 (2) 
 
 - 
 - 

J. Bryan Plumlee 
 2,000 (3) 
 
 - 
 - 

Ashley Sickles 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 All directors and named executive officers as a group (5 people) 
 4,426,909 
 33.61 
 250 
 100.00 
 33.61 
 
 Other 5 Stockholder 

Arena Investors, LP(4) 
 972,708 
 8.65 
 - 
 - 
 8.65 

Beneficial
 ownership of less than 1.0 is omitted. 

(1) 
 Consists
 of (i) 2,562,203 shares of Common Stock, (ii) 822,466 of Common Stock underlying warrants, and (iii) 1,013,494 shares of Common Stock
 underlying the shares of Series Z Preferred Stock. 
 
 (2) 
 Consists
 of 880 shares owned by the reporting person s spouse. 
 
 (3) 
 Consists
 of 1,000 shares owned by the reporting person and 1,000 shares owned by the reporting person s spouse. 
 
 (4) 
 The address of Arena Investors, LP is 405 Lexington Avenue, 59th Floor, New York, New York 10174. 

CERTAIN
RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 

Except
for the below, from January 1, 2021 through the date of this prospectus, we have not been a party to any transaction or proposed transaction
in which the amount involved in the transaction exceeds the lesser of 120,000 or 1 of the average of our total assets at year-end
for the last two completed fiscal years, and in which any of our directors, executive officers or, to our knowledge, beneficial owners
of more than 5 of our capital stock or any member of the immediate family of any of the foregoing persons had or will have a direct
or indirect material interest, other than equity and other compensation which are described elsewhere in this prospectus. 

Agreements
with Danny Meeks and Affiliates of Danny Meeks 

As
of December 31, 2022, the Company leases 12 scrap yard facilities from an entity controlled by the Company s Chief Executive Officer.
On April 1, 2022, the Company entered into amendments to the leases for its Kelford and Carrolton yards, increasing the monthly rent
payments by an aggregate of 50,000 per month for use of an automotive shredder and downstream processing system, respectively, being
installed on those properties, increasing by 3 on January 1st of every year for the duration of the leases. On September 1, 2022, the
Company terminated the lease for its Portsmouth yard on account of the Company purchasing the land underlying the lease, reducing the
lease payment by 11,200 per month. 

During
the twelve months ended December 31, 2022, the Company paid rents of 2,483,217 to an entity controlled by the Company s Chief
Executive Officer. Additionally, during the twelve months ended December 31, 2022, the Company paid 122,866 in accrued rents owed to
an entity controlled by the Company s Chief Executive Officer at December 31, 2021. As of December 31, 2022, the Company owed 317,781
in accrued rent to an entity controlled by the Company s Chief Executive Officer. 

During
the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company purchased equipment for 152,500 from an entity controlled by the spouse of the
Company s Chief Executive Officer. During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company purchased equipment for 20,000 from
an entity controlled by the Chief Executive Officer. 

During
the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company s Chief Executive Officer was reimbursed 224,660 for expenses made on behalf the
Company. Further, during the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company s Chief Executive Officer advanced 0 and 24,647
to the Company and was repaid 0 and 59,103, respectively. 

39 

On
September 30, 2021, the Company authorized the issuance of 500 shares of Series Z Preferred Stock, par value 0.001 per share. The Series
Z Preferred Stock has a 20,000 stated value per share and all 500 Series Z preferred shares, in aggregate, are convertible into 19.98 
of the issued and outstanding common shares of the Company (post conversion). The conversion rate is applicable on a pro rata basis to
each share of Series Z Preferred Stock upon conversion. This anti-dilutive conversion feature is in effect until such time an S-1 Registration
Statement is declared effective by the SEC in conjunction with a NASDAQ listing. On September 30, 2021, the Company entered into a Series
Z Preferred Stock Issuance Agreement with the Company s Chief Executive Officer whereby the Company entered into a non convertible
note payable agreement for 1,000,000 in exchange for: (i) a 1,000,000 cash payment directly paid to the warrant holder; and (ii) the
issuance of 250 Series Z Preferred Shares having a fair value of 6,530,867. The note bears interest of 8 per annum and is due within
three days of the Company s next closing of equity financing of 3,000,000 or more. The proceeds received were allocated to the
debt and equity on a relative fair value basis. Accordingly, debt discount of 867,213 was recognized with a corresponding increase in
additional paid-in capital. Since the due date is contingent upon a future event, the entire debt discount was amortized to interest
expense immediately. 

We
lease our scrap yard located at 22097 Brewers Neck Blvd., Carrollton, VA 23314, from DWM Properties, LLC, which is owned by our Chairman
and Chief Executive Officer, for 55,850 per month. The lease expires on January 1, 2024, with two five year options to extend at the
Company s election. 

We
lease our scrap yard located at 1576 Millpond Rd., Elizabeth City, NC 27909, from DWM Properties, LLC, which is owned by our Chairman
and Chief Executive Officer, for 11,200 per month. The lease expires on January 1, 2024, with two one year options to extend at the
Company s election. 

We
lease our scrap yard located at 130 Courtland Rd., Emporia, VA 23847, from DWM Properties, LLC, which is owned by our Chairman and Chief
Executive Officer, for 11,200 per month. The lease expires on January 1, 2024, with two five year options to extend at the Company s
election. 

We
lease our scrap yard located at 623 Highway 903 N., Greenville, NC 27834, from DWM Properties, LLC, which is owned by our Chairman and
Chief Executive Officer, for 11,200 per month. The lease expires on January 1, 2024, with two five year options to extend at the Company s
election. 

We
lease our scrap yard located at 8952 Richmond Rd., Toano, VA 23168, from DWM Properties, LLC, which is owned by our Chairman and Chief
Executive Officer, for 11,200 per month. The lease expires on January 1, 2024, with two five year options to extend at the Company s
election. 

We
lease our scrap yard located at 945 NC 11N, Kelford, NC 27805, from DWM Properties, LLC, which is owned by our Chairman and Chief Executive
Officer, for 39,293 per month. The lease expires on January 1, 2024, with two five year options to extend at the Company s election. 

We
lease our scrap yard located at 1100 E Princess Anne Rd, Norfolk, VA 23504, from DWM Properties, LLC, which is owned by our Chairman
and Chief Executive Officer, for 16,391 per month. The lease expires on January 1, 2024, with two five year options to extend at the
Company s election. 

We
lease our scrap yard located at 277 Suburban Drive, Suffolk, VA 23434, from DWM Properties, LLC, which is owned by our Chairman and Chief
Executive Officer, for 15,450 per month. The lease expires on January 1, 2024, with two five year options to extend at the Company s
election. 

We
lease our scrap yard located at 9922 Hwy 17 S., Vanceboro, NC 28586, from DWM Properties, LLC, which is owned by our Chairman and Chief
Executive Officer, for 8,742 per month. The lease expires on January 1, 2024, with two five year options to extend at the Company s
election. 

We
lease our scrap yard located at 1040 Oceana Blvd, Virginia Beach, VA 23454, from DWM Properties, LLC, which is owned by our Chairman
and Chief Executive Officer, for 15,407 per month. The lease expires on January 1, 2024, with two five year options to extend at the
Company s election. 

40 

We
lease our scrap yard located at 406 Sandy Street, Fairmont, NC 28340, from DWM Properties, LLC, which is owned by our Chairman and Chief
Executive Officer, for 8,000 per month. The lease expires on January 1, 2024, with two five year options to extend at the Company s
election. 

ITEM
14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTANT FEES AND SERVICES 

Our
independent registered public accounting firm is RBSM LLP, Auditor Firm ID 587. Set forth below are approximate fees for services rendered
by RBSM for the fiscal years ended December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021. 

RBSM 

2022 
 2021 
 
 Audit Fees 
 310,000 
 129,000 
 
 Audit-Related Fees 
 - 
 - 
 
 Tax Fees 
 - 
 - 
 
 Other Fees 
 - 
 135,208 
 
 Totals 
 310,000 
 264,208 

Audit
Fees 

The
aggregate fees billed for each of the last two fiscal years for professional services rendered by RBSM for the audit of the Company s
annual financial statements and review of financial statements included in the Company s annual report on Form 10-K and in the
Company s quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, or services that are normally provided by the independent registered public accounting
firm in connection with statutory and regulatory filings or engagements for the fiscal years ending December 31, 2022 and 2021 were 310,000
and 129,000, respectively. 

Audit-Related
Fees 

The
aggregate fees billed in either of the last two fiscal years for assurance and related services by RBSM that are reasonably related to
the performance of the audit or review of the registrant s financial statements and are not reported under Audit Fees 
for the fiscal years ending December 31, 2022 and 2021 were 0 and 0, respectively. 

Tax
Fees 

The
aggregate fees were billed for professional services rendered by the principal accountant for tax compliance, tax advice, and tax planning
for the fiscal years ending December 31, 2022 and 2021 was 0 and 0, respectively, for RBSM. 

All
Other Fees 

Other
fees billed for professional services provided by the principal accountant, other than the services reported above, for the fiscal years
ending December 31, 2022 and 2021 were 0 and 135,208, respectively, for RBSM. These fees were related to the audit of Empire Services,
Inc. s financial statements for the years ended December 31, 2020 and 2019, along with the review of Empire s financial statements
for the nine months ended September 30, 2021. 

The
Company s Audit Committee approves all auditing services and the terms thereof and non-audit services (other than non-audit services
published under Section 10A(g) of the Exchange Act or the applicable rules of the SEC or the Pubic Company Accounting Oversight Board)
to be provided to the Company by the independent auditor; provided, however, the pre-approval requirement is waived with respect to the
provisions of non-audit services for the Company if the de minimis provisions of Section 10A(i)(1)(B) of the Exchange Act
are satisfied. 

41 

PART
IV 

ITEM
15. EXHIBITS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES 

(a)
Documents filed as part of this Annual Report: 

(1)
Financial Statements 

The
following documents are included on pages F-1 through F-6 attached hereto and are filed as part of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID: 
 F-1 
 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 F-3 
 
 Consolidated Statements of Operations for the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 F-4 
 
 Consolidated Statements of Stockholders Equity (Deficit) for the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 F-5 
 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 F-6 
 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 F-7 

(2)
Financial Statement Schedules. 

No
financial statement schedules have been submitted because they are not required or are not applicable or because the information required
is included in the financial statements or the notes thereto. 

(3)
List of Exhibits. 

Incorporated
 by Reference 
 
 No. 
 
 Description 
 
 Form 
 
 File
 No. 
 
 Exhibit 
 
 Filing
 Date 
 
 2.1 
 
 Plan of Reorganization, dated March 18, 2014. 
 
 S-1 
 
 333-196735 
 
 2.1 
 
 June 13, 2014 
 
 2.2 
 
 Agreement and Plan of Merger between MassRoots, Inc. and Whaxy Inc. and DDDigtal Inc. and Zachary Marburger and the Stockholders of DDDigtal Inc., dated December 15, 2016. 
 
 8-K 
 
 000-55431 
 
 10.1 
 
 December 16, 2016 
 
 2.3 
 
 Agreement and Plan of Merger between MassRoots, Inc. and MassRoots Compliance Technology, Inc. and Odava, Inc. and Scott Kveton and the Stockholders of Odava, Inc. 
 
 8-K 
 
 000-55431 
 
 10.1 
 
 July 5, 2017 
 
 2.4 
 
 Agreement and Plan of Merger between MassRoots, Inc., MassRoots Supply Chain, Inc., COWA Science Corporation and Christopher Alameddin, as the representative of the Stockholders of COWA Science Corporation, dated February 11, 2019. 
 
 8-K 
 
 000-55431 
 
 2.1 
 
 February 12, 2019 
 
 2.5 
 
 Agreement and Plan of Merger between MassRoots, Inc., Empire Merger Corp., Empire Services, Inc. and Danny Meeks, as the sole shareholder, dated September 30, 2021 
 
 8-K 
 
 000-55431 
 
 10.1 
 
 October 6, 2021 
 
 3.1 
 
 Second Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of the Registrant 
 
 8-K/A 
 
 000-55431 
 
 3.1 
 
 June 19, 2018 
 
 3.2 
 
 Certificate of Amendment to Second Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of the Registrant 
 
 8-K 
 
 000-55431 
 
 3.1 
 
 February 25, 2022 
 
 3.3 
 
 Amended and Restated Bylaws of the Registrant. 
 
 8-K 
 
 001-41452 
 
 3.1 
 
 November 29, 2022 
 
 3.4 
 
 State of Delaware Certificate of Merger of Domestic Corporation Into Domestic Corporation, for MassRoots Compliance Technology, Inc. and Odava Inc., effective as of July 13, 2017. 
 
 8-K 
 
 000-55431 
 
 3.1 
 
 July 14, 2017 

42 

3.5 
 
 Certificate of Designations, Preferences and Rights of the Series A Convertible Preferred Stock. 
 
 8-K 
 
 000-55431 
 
 3.1 
 
 July 12, 2019 
 
 3.6 
 
 Certificate of Designations, Preferences and Rights of the Series B Convertible Preferred Stock. 
 
 8-K 
 
 000-55431 
 
 3.2 
 
 July 12, 2019 
 
 3.7 
 
 Certificate of Designations, Preferences and Rights of the Series C Convertible Preferred Stock. 
 
 8-K 
 
 000-55431 
 
 3.1 
 
 July 22, 2019 
 
 3.8 
 
 Certificate of Correction to the Certificate of Designations, Preferences and Rights of the Series C Convertible Preferred Stock. 
 
 10-K 
 
 000-55431 
 
 3.7 
 
 July 16, 2020 
 
 3.9 
 
 Certificate of Designations, Preferences and Rights of the Series X Convertible Preferred Stock. 
 
 10-Q 
 
 000-55431 
 
 3.1 
 
 December 18, 2020 
 
 3.10 
 
 Certificate of Designations, Preferences and Rights of the Series Y Convertible Preferred Stock. 
 
 10-K 
 
 000-55431 
 
 3.9 
 
 April 16, 2021 
 
 3.11 
 
 Certificate of amendment of the certificate of incorporation of the Company effective May 24, 2021, amending Certificate of Designations, Preferences, and Rights of the Series X Convertible Preferred Stock filed with the Secretary of State on May 24, 2021 
 
 8-K 
 
 000-55431 
 
 3.1 
 
 May 25, 2021 
 
 3.12 
 
 Certificate of amendment of the certificate of incorporation of the Company effective May 24, 2021, amending Certificate of Designations, Preferences, and Rights of the Series Y Convertible Preferred Stock filed with the Secretary of State on December 30, 2020 
 
 8-K 
 
 000-55431 
 
 3.2 
 
 May 25, 2021 
 
 3.13 
 
 Certificate of Amendment to Second Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of MassRoots, Inc. effective September 30, 2021, field with the Secretary of State on September 30, 2021 
 
 8-K 
 
 000-55431 
 
 3.1 
 
 October 6, 2021 
 
 3.14 
 
 Certificate of Designations, Preferences and Rights of the Series Z Convertible Preferred Stock 
 
 8-K 
 
 000-55431 
 
 3.1 
 
 October 20, 2021 
 
 3.15 
 
 Certificate of Elimination of Series C Convertible Preferred Stock of Greenwave Technology Solutions, Inc. 
 
 8-K 
 
 000-55431 
 
 3.1 
 
 December 17, 2021 
 
 3.16 
 
 Certificate of Amendment to Certificate of Incorporation of MassRoots, Inc. 
 
 8-K 
 
 000-55431 
 
 3.1 
 
 February 25, 2022 
 
 3.17 
 
 Certificate of Amendment to Certificate of Incorporation of Greenwave Technology Solutions, Inc. 
 
 8-K 
 
 000-55431 
 
 3.2 
 
 February 25, 2022 
 
 4.1 
 
 Form of Common Stock Certificate. 
 
 S-1 
 
 333-196735 
 
 4.1 
 
 June 13, 2014 
 
 4.2 
 
 Description of Registrant s Securities (included herewith) 

4.3 
 
 Form of Warrant dated March 2016. 
 
 8-K 
 
 000-55431 
 
 4.2 
 
 March 18, 2016 

4.4 
 
 Form of Warrant utilized by Service Providers. 
 
 S-1 
 
 333-210672 
 
 10.25 
 
 April 11, 2016 
 
 4.5 
 
 Form of Warrant dated July 2017. 
 
 8-K 
 
 000-55431 
 
 10.2 
 
 July 24, 2017 
 
 4.6 
 
 Form of Common Stock Purchase Warrant dated August 2017. 
 
 8-K 
 
 000-55431 
 
 4.2 
 
 August 18, 2017 
 
 4.7 
 
 Form of Warrant dated December 2017. 
 
 8-K 
 
 000-55431 
 
 10.2 
 
 December 14, 2017 
 
 4.8 
 
 Form of Warrant dated December 2017. 
 
 8-K 
 
 000-55431 
 
 4.1 
 
 December 29, 2017 
 
 4.9 
 
 Form of Warrant dated January 2018. 
 
 8-K 
 
 000-55431 
 
 10.2 
 
 January 31, 2018 
 
 4.10 
 
 Form of Warrant dated July 2019. 
 
 8-K 
 
 000-55431 
 
 10.2 
 
 July 12, 2019 
 
 10.1+ 
 
 2014 Stock Incentive Plan and form of agreements thereunder. 
 
 S-1 
 
 333-196735 
 
 10.12 
 
 June 13, 2014 

43 

10.2+ 
 
 2015 Stock Incentive Plan and form of agreements thereunder. 
 
 10-K 
 
 333-196735 
 
 10.12 
 
 March 30, 2016 
 
 10.3+ 
 
 2016 Stock Incentive Plan and form of agreements thereunder. 
 
 8-K 
 
 000-55431 
 
 4.1 
 
 September 23, 2016 
 
 10.4+ 
 
 2017 Equity Incentive Plan and form of agreements thereunder. 
 
 DEF 14C 
 
 000-55431 
 
 Appendix A 
 
 December 9, 2016 
 
 10.5+ 
 
 2018 Equity Incentive Plan and form of agreements thereunder. 
 
 DEF 14A 
 
 000-55431 
 
 Appendix B 
 
 May 11, 2018 
 
 10.6 
 
 2021 Equity Incentive Plan and form of agreements thereunder. 
 
 DEF 14A 
 
 000-55431 
 
 Appendix C 
 
 July 12, 2021 
 
 10.7 
 
 Form of Securities Purchase Agreement dated March 2016. 
 
 8-K 
 
 000-55431 
 
 10.1 
 
 March 18, 2016 
 
 10.8 
 
 Form of Securities Purchase Agreement dated August 2017. 
 
 8-K 
 
 000-55431 
 
 10.1 
 
 August 18, 2017 
 
 10.9 
 
 Securities Purchase Agreement dated May 16, 2019. 
 
 8-K 
 
 000-55431 
 
 2.1 
 
 May 24, 2019 
 
 10.10 
 
 Form of Securities Purchase Agreement dated January 2018. 
 
 8-K 
 
 000-55431 
 
 10.1 
 
 January 31, 2018 
 
 10.11 
 
 Form of Series X Securities Purchase Agreement. 
 
 10-Q 
 
 000-55431 
 
 10.1 
 
 December 18, 2020 
 
 10.12 
 
 Form of Securities Purchase Agreement dated December 17, 2018. 
 
 8-K 
 
 000-55431 
 
 99.1 
 
 December 20, 2018 
 
 10.13 
 
 Form of Joinder Agreement to Agreement and Plan of Merger made by each stockholder of Odava, Inc. and agreed to and acknowledged by MassRoots, Inc. and MassRoots Compliance Technology, Inc. 
 
 8-K 
 
 000-55431 
 
 10.2 
 
 July 5, 2017 
 
 10.14 
 
 Form of Subscription Agreement dated July 2017. 
 
 8-K 
 
 000-55431 
 
 10.1 
 
 July 24, 2017 
 
 10.15 
 
 Form of Subscription Agreement dated December 2017. 
 
 8-K 
 
 000-55431 
 
 10.1 
 
 December 29, 2017 
 
 10.16 
 
 Form of Subscription Agreement. 
 
 8-K 
 
 000-55431 
 
 10.1 
 
 July 12, 2019 
 
 10.17 
 
 Form of Security Agreement dated August 2017. 
 
 8-K 
 
 000-55431 
 
 10.2 
 
 August 18, 2017 
 
 10.18 
 
 Form of Security Agreement dated December 17, 2018. 
 
 8-K 
 
 000-55431 
 
 99.3 
 
 December 20, 2018 
 
 10.19 
 
 Form of Amended and Restated Simple Agreement for Future Tokens. 
 
 S-1 
 
 333-223038 
 
 10.27 
 
 February 14, 2018 
 
 10.20 
 
 Form of Director Separation Agreement. 
 
 8-K 
 
 000-55431 
 
 10.1 
 
 December 14, 2017 
 
 10.21 
 
 Form of Separation Agreement. 
 
 8-K 
 
 000-55431 
 
 10.4 
 
 December 14, 2017 
 
 10.22 
 
 Form of Separation Agreement. 
 
 8-K 
 
 000-55431 
 
 10.1 
 
 July 22, 2019 
 
 10.23 
 
 Form of Mutual Release and Non-Disparagement Agreement. 
 
 8-K 
 
 000-55431 
 
 10.3 
 
 December 14, 2017 

10.24 
 
 Form of Secured Convertible Promissory Note. 
 
 8-K 
 
 000-55431 
 
 99.2 
 
 December 20, 2018 
 
 10.25 
 
 Convertible Promissory Note dated May 16, 2019. 
 
 8-K 
 
 000-55431 
 
 99.1 
 
 May 24, 2019 
 
 10.26 
 
 Form of Exchange Agreement. 
 
 8-K 
 
 000-55431 
 
 10.3 
 
 July 12, 2019 
 
 10.37 
 
 Form of Convertible Note. 
 
 8-K 
 
 000-55431 
 
 10.1 
 
 November 26, 2019 
 
 10.28 
 
 Form of Series A Exchange Agreement. 
 
 8-K 
 
 000-55431 
 
 10.1 
 
 April 21, 2020 
 
 10.29 
 
 Form of Series A Convertible Note. 
 
 8-K 
 
 000-55431 
 
 10.2 
 
 April 21, 2020 

44 

10.30 
 
 Form of Series B Exchange Agreement. 
 
 8-K 
 
 000-55431 
 
 10.3 
 
 April 21, 2020 
 
 10.31 
 
 Form of Series B Convertible Note. 
 
 8-K 
 
 000-55431 
 
 10.4 
 
 April 21, 2020 
 
 10.32 
 
 Form of December Note. 
 
 8-K 
 
 000-55431 
 
 10.5 
 
 April 21, 2020 
 
 10.33 
 
 Form of January Note. 
 
 8-K 
 
 000-55431 
 
 10.6 
 
 April 21, 2020 
 
 10.34 
 
 Form of First March Note. 
 
 8-K 
 
 000-55431 
 
 10.7 
 
 April 21, 2020 
 
 10.35 
 
 Form of Second March Note. 
 
 8-K 
 
 000-55431 
 
 10.8 
 
 April 21, 2020 
 
 10.36 
 
 Form of April Note. 
 
 8-K 
 
 000-55431 
 
 10.9 
 
 April 21, 2020 
 
 10.37 
 
 Form of Notes. 
 
 8-K 
 
 000-55431 
 
 10.1 
 
 September 4, 2020 
 
 10.38 
 
 Form of September Note. 
 
 8-K 
 
 000-55431 
 
 10.2 
 
 September 4, 2020 
 
 10.39 
 
 Form of Securities Exchange Agreement. 
 
 10-K 
 
 000-55431 
 
 10.49 
 
 April 15, 2021 
 
 10.40+ 
 
 2021 Equity Incentive Plan 
 
 14A 
 
 000-55431 
 
 Appendix C 
 
 July 12, 2021 
 
 10.41+ 
 
 Employment Agreement by and between the Company and Danny Meeks 
 
 8-K 
 
 000-55431 
 
 10.2 
 
 October 6, 2021 
 
 10.42 
 
 Form of Warrant 
 
 8-K 
 
 000-55431 
 
 4.1 
 
 December 6, 2021 
 
 10.43 
 
 Form of Senior Note 
 
 8-K 
 
 000-55431 
 
 4.2 
 
 December 6, 2021 
 
 10.44 
 
 Securities Purchase Agreement, dated November 29, 2021, by and between MassRoots, Inc. and the parties thereto 
 
 8-K 
 
 000-55431 
 
 10.1 
 
 December 6, 2021 
 
 10.45 
 
 Pledge and Security Agreement, dated November 30, 2021, by and between MassRoots, Inc. and the parties thereto 
 
 8-K 
 
 000-55431 
 
 10.2 
 
 December 6, 2021 
 
 10.46 
 
 Registration Rights Agreement, dated November 29, 2021, by and between MassRoots, Inc. and the parties thereto 
 
 8-K 
 
 000-55431 
 
 10.3 
 
 December 6, 2021 
 
 14.1 
 
 Code of Ethics of the Company. 
 
 10-K 
 
 333-196735 
 
 14.1 
 
 April 1, 2015 
 
 21.1 
 
 List of Subsidiaries 

31.1 
 
 Certification of the Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) of the Exchange Act, as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

31.2 
 
 Certification of the Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) of the Exchange Act, as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

32.1 
 
 Certification of the Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(b) of the Exchange Act and 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

32.2 
 
 Certification of the Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(b) of the Exchange Act and 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

101.INS 
 
 Inline XBRL Instance Document 

101.SCH 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 

101.CAL 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase
 Document 

101.DEF 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase
 Document 

101.LAB 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document 

101.PRE 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase
 Document 

104 
 
 Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the
 Inline XBRL document) 

filed herewith. 

+ 
 Denotes a management contract
 or compensatory plan. 

45 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant
to the requirements of Section 13 and 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, the Registrant has duly caused this Annual
Report on Form 10-K to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized on this 31st day of March, 2023. 

GREENWAVE TECHNOLOGY SOLUTIONS, INC. 

By: 
 /s/ Danny
 Meeks 

Danny
 Meeks 
 Chief
 Executive Officer 
 (Principal
 Executive Officer) 

By: 
 /s/ Ashley
 Sickles 

Ashley
 Sickles 
 Chief
 Financial Officer 
 (Principal
 Financial and Accounting Officer) 

Pursuant
to the requirements of the Securities Act of 1934, this Annual Report on Form 10-K has been signed below by the following persons on
behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 

Signatures 
 
 Title 
 
 Date 

/s/ Danny
 Meeks 
 
 Chief Executive Officer
 (Principal Executive Officer) and 
 
 March 31, 2023 
 
 Danny Meeks 
 
 Chairman of the Board of
 Directors 

/s/ Ashley
 Sickles 
 
 Chief Financial Officer

March 31, 2023 
 
 Ashley Sickles 
 
 (Principal Financial and
 Accounting Officer) 

/s/ J.
 Bryan Plumlee 
 
 Director 
 
 March 31, 2023 
 
 J. Bryan Plumlee 

/s/ Cheryl
 Lanthorn 
 
 Director 
 
 March 31, 2023 
 
 Cheryl Lanthorn 

/s/ John
 Wood 
 
 Director 
 
 March 31, 2023 
 
 John Wood 

46 

REPORT
OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

To
the Board of Directors and Stockholders of 

 Greenwave
Technology Solutions, Inc. 

Opinion
on the Financial Statements 

We
have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Greenwave Technology Solutions, Inc. (the Company as of December
31, 2022 and 2021 and the related statements of operations, stockholders equity (deficit) and cash flows for each of the years
in the two-year period ended December 31, 2022, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the financial statements). In our
opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31,
2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the years in the two-year period ended December 31, 2022,
in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 

The
Company s Ability to Continue as a Going Concern 

The
accompanying financial statements have been prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. As discussed in Note
2 to the financial statements, the Company has an accumulated deficit, and expects future losses that raise substantial doubt about the
Company s ability to continue as a going concern. Management s evaluation of the events and conditions and management s
plans regarding these matters are also described in Note 2. The financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result
from the outcome of this uncertainty. 

Basis
for Opinion 

These
financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s
financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board
(United States) (PCAOB) and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities
laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

We
conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain
reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company
is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits,
we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion
on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 

Our
audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error
or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding
the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant
estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits
provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

Critical
Audit Matters 

The
critical audit matter communicated below is a matter arising from the current period audit of the financial statements that was communicated
or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that: (1) relate to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial
statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of critical audit matters
does not alter in any way our opinion on the financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit
matter below, providing separate opinions on the critical audit matter or on the accounts or disclosures to which they relate. 

Impairment
of Intangibles and Goodwill Refer Note 3 and 4 

Description
of the Matter: 

As
discussed in Note 3 and 4, to the financial statements, the Company s intangibles assets consisted of Licenses of 18.6 million,
Intellectual property of 2.3 million, Customer base of 1.9 million and Goodwill of 0. Management tests goodwill and indefinite live
intangible annually for impairment of value or more frequently when potential impairment triggering events are present. Goodwill is tested
for impairment by comparing the estimated fair value of a reporting unit to its carrying value. Management uses a weighted market and
income approach to estimate the fair value of its reporting units. Management s market approach is based on the enterprise value.
Management s income approach is based on a discounted cash flow model. The key assumptions and estimates utilized in the income
approaches primarily include discount rates, and future levels of revenue growth, capital expenditure, working capital, discount rates
and operating margins. 

The
principal considerations for our determination that performing procedures relating to the impairment of goodwill is a critical audit
matter because (i) the assumptions as described above involve high levels of management judgment; (ii) the high degree of auditor judgment,
subjectivity and effort in performing procedures and evaluating the significant assumptions used in management s valuation methods;
and (iii) the audit effort involved in the use of professionals with specialized skill and knowledge. 

F- 1 

How
we addressed the Matter in our Audit: 

Addressing
the matter involved performing procedures and evaluating audit evidence in connection with forming our overall opinion on the financial
statements. These procedures included the following: 

Testing
 management s process for determining the fair value estimates; 

Evaluating
 the appropriateness of the weighted market and income approaches; 

Testing
 the completeness and accuracy of the underlying data used in the market and income approaches; 

We
 evaluated the reasonableness of significant assumptions used by management related to future levels of revenue growth, capital expenditure,
 working capital, discount rates and discount rates. 

Evaluating
 management s assumptions related to the future levels of revenue growth, capital expenditure, working capital, discount rates
 and operating margins involved evaluating whether the assumptions were reasonable considering (i) current and past performance; (ii)
 the consistency with external market and industry data; and (iii) whether these assumptions were consistent with evidence obtained
 in other areas of the audit. 

Professionals
 with specialized skill and knowledge were used to assist in evaluating (i) the appropriateness of the weighted market and income
 approaches and (ii) the reasonableness of significant assumptions. 

PCAOB
ID 

We
 have served as the Company s auditor since 2017. 

March
 31, 2023 

F- 2 

GREENWAVE
TECHNOLOGY SOLUTIONS, INC. 

 CONSOLIDATED
BALANCE SHEETS 

2022 
 2021 

December 31, 

2022 
 2021 

ASSETS 

Current assets: 

Cash 

Inventories 

Accounts receivable 
 
 - 
 
 Prepaid expenses 
 
 - 
 
 Total current assets 

Property and equipment, net 

Advance for asset 
 
 - 
 
 Operating lease right of use assets, net - related-party 

Operating lease right of use assets, net 

Licenses, net 

Customer list, net 

Intellectual property, net 

Goodwill 
 - 

Security deposit 

Total assets 

LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY (DEFICIT) 

Current liabilities: 

Accounts payable and accrued expenses 

Accrued payroll and related expenses 

Contract liability 

Factoring, net of unamortized debt discount of and , respectively 

Non-convertible notes payable, current portion, net of unamortized debt discount of and , respectively 

Derivative liabilities 
 - 

Convertible notes payable, net of unamortized debt discount of and , respectively 
 - 

Due to related parties 

Operating lease obligations, current portion - related-party 

Operating lease obligations, current portion 

Environmental remediation 
 - 

Total current liabilities 

Operating lease obligations, less current portion - related-party 
 - 

Operating lease obligations, less current portion 

Non-convertible notes payable, net of unamortized debt discount of and , respectively 

Total liabilities 

Commitments and contingencies (See Note 8) 
 - 
 - 

Stockholders equity (deficit): 

Preferred stock - shares authorized: 

Preferred stock - Series Z, par value, stated value, shares authorized; and shares issued and outstanding, respectively 
 - 

Common stock, par value, shares authorized; and shares issued and outstanding, respectively 

Common stock to be issued, and shares, respectively 
 - 

Additional paid in capital 

Accumulated deficit 

Total stockholders equity (deficit) 

Total liabilities and stockholders equity 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

F- 3 

GREENWAVE
TECHNOLOGY SOLUTIONS, INC. 

 CONSOLIDATED
STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 

2022 
 2021 

For the Year Ended December 31, 

2022 
 2021 

Revenues 

Cost of Revenues 

Gross Profit 

Operating Expenses: 

Advertising 

Payroll and related expense 

Rent, utilities and property maintenance 

Environmental remediation expense 
 - 

Hauling and equipment maintenance 

Impairment of Intangible Assets 
 
 - 
 
 Depreciation and amortization expense 

Consulting, accounting and legal 

Other general and administrative expenses 

Total Operating Expenses 

Loss From Operations 

Other Income (Expense): 

Interest expense 

Other loss 
 
 - 
 
 Change in derivative liability for authorized shares shortfall 

Change in fair value of derivative liabilities 
 - 

Gain (loss) on settlement of convertible notes payable and accrued interest, warrants and accounts payable and cancelation of common shares in exchange for Series Y and Series Z preferred shares and cash 

Warrant expense for liquidated damages settlement 
 
 - 
 
 Gain on forgiveness of debt 
 - 

Gain (loss) on conversion of convertible notes 

Total Other Income (Expense) 

Net Loss Before Income Taxes 

Provision for Income Taxes (Benefit) 
 - 
 - 

Net Loss 

Deemed dividend for Series Z price protection trigger upon uplisting 
 
 - 
 
 Deemed dividend for triggering of warrant price protection upon uplisting 
 
 - 
 
 Deemed dividend for repricing of certain warrants for liquidated damages waiver 
 
 - 
 
 Deemed dividend resulting from amortization of preferred stock discount 
 - 

Deemed dividend resulting from redemption of Series X shares 
 - 

Deemed dividend resulting from redemption of Series Y shares 
 - 

Net Income (Loss) Available to Common Stockholders 

Net Income (Loss) Per Common Share: 

Basic 

Diluted 

Weighted Average Common Shares Outstanding: 

Basic 

Diluted 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

F- 4 

GREENWAVE
TECHNOLOGY SOLUTIONS, INC. 

 CONSOLIDATED
STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY (DEFICIT) 

 FOR
THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022 AND 2021 

Preferred Stock 
 
 Common
 Stock to be 
 Additional 
 Discount
 on 

Series
 X 
 Series
 Y 
 Series
 Z 
 Series
 C 
 Common
 Stock 
 Issued 
 Paid 
 Preferred 
 Accumulated 

Shares 
 Amount 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 In
 Capital 
 Stock 
 Deficit 
 Total 

Balance at December 31, 2020 
 
 - 

- 
 - 

Issuance of common shares previously
 to be issued 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

- 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Issuance of common shares for
 services rendered 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

- 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 

Common shares issued upon conversion
 of convertible notes 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

- 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 

Cancelation of common shares
 and warrants in exchange for cash paid per cancelation agreement 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

- 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 

Sale of Series X preferred
 shares 
 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 

BCF recognized upon issuance
 of Series X preferred shares 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

- 
 - 
 
 Series Y preferred shares issued
 in exchange for convertible notes, accrued interest and warrants 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 

BCF recognized upon issuance
 of Series Y preferred shares 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

- 
 - 
 
 Deemed dividend resulting from
 amortization of preferred stock discount 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

- 
 
 Series Z preferred shares issued
 as equity kicker for note payable 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 

Series Z preferred shares issued
 as part of settlement agmt 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

- 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 

Common shares issued in business
 combination 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

- 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 

Common shares to be issued
 canceled for no consideration 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

- 
 - 
 - 
 
 Redemption of Series X preferred
 shares 
 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 

Deemed dividend resulting from
 redemption of Series X preferred shares 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 
 - 
 
 Redemption of Series Y preferred
 shares 
 - 
 - 

- 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 

Deemed dividend resulting from
 redemption of Series Y preferred shares 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 
 - 
 
 Series C preferred shares contributed
 back to the Company and promptly retired 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

- 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Net
 loss 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Balance at December 31, 2021 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

- 
 - 

- 

Issuance of common stock previously
 recorded as to be issued 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

- 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Elimination of derivative liabilities
 for authorized share shortfall 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 

Issuance of common stock upon
 conversion of convertible debt at uplisting 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

- 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 

Issuance of common stock upon
 conversion of Series Z Preferred 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

- 
 - 

- 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Warrant expense for liquidated
 damages waiver 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 

Deemed dividend for Series
 Z price protection trigger upon uplisting 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 
 - 
 
 Deemed dividend for repricing
 issuance of additional warrants upon uplisting 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 
 - 
 
 Deemed dividend for repricing
 of certain warrants for liquidated damages waiver 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 
 - 
 
 Net loss 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Rounding 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 
 - 
 
 Balance at December 31,
 2022 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 
 - 

- 
 - 
 
 - 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

F- 5 

GREENWAVE
TECHNOLOGY SOLUTIONS, INC. 

 CONSOLIDATED
STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 

2022 
 2021 

For
 the Year Ended December 31, 

2022 
 2021 

Cash
 flows from operating activities: 

Net
 loss 

Adjustments
 to reconcile net loss to net cash used in operating activities: 

Depreciation 

Amortization of intangible assets 

Impairments
 on property and equipment 

Amortization
 of right of use assets 

Amortization
 of right of use assets, related-party 
 - 

Impairment on goodwill 
 
 - 
 
 Change
 in derivative liability for authorized shares shortfall 
 - 

Interest
 and amortization of debt discount 

(Gain)
 loss on conversion of convertible notes payable 

Gain
 on settlement of convertible notes payable and accrued interest, warrants and accounts payable and cancelation of common shares in
 exchange for Series Y and Series Z preferred shares and cash 
 - 

Gain on settlement of non-convertible notes 
 
 ) 
 
 Warrant
 expense for liquidated damages settlement 
 
 - 
 
 Gain
 on forgiveness of debt 
 - 

Share-based
 compensation 
 - 

Expenses
 paid directly by non-convertible noteholder on behalf of company 
 - 

Changes
 in operating assets and liabilities: 

Accounts
 receivable 
 
 - 
 
 Change in fair value of derivative liabilities 

Inventories 

Prepaid
 expenses 

Security
 deposits 

Accounts
 payable and accrued expenses 

Accrued
 payroll and related expenses 

Contract
 liabilities 
 - 

Due to related party 
 
 - 
 
 Principal
 payments made on operating lease liabilities 

Principal
 payments made on operating lease liabilities, related-party 

Environmental
 remediation 

Net
 cash used in operating activities 

Cash
 flows from investing activities: 

Purchases
 of property and equipment 

Cash
 acquired in acquisition 
 - 

Net
 cash used in investing activities 

Cash
 flows from financing activities: 

Proceeds
 from sale of Series X preferred shares 
 - 

Proceeds
 from issuance of convertible notes payable 
 - 

Repayments
 of convertible notes payable as part of settlements 
 - 

Proceeds
 from issuance of non-convertible notes payable 

Repayments
 of non-convertible notes payable 

Repayments of notes 
 ) 
 - 
 
 Proceeds
 from factoring advances 

Repayments
 of factoring advances 

Repayments of advances 
 ) 
 - 
 
 Cash
 paid in cancelation of common shares and warrants 
 - 

Redemption
 of Series X preferred shares for cash 
 - 

Redemption
 of Series Y preferred shares for cash 
 - 

Proceeds
 from advances from related parties 
 - 

Net
 cash provided by financing activities 

Net
 (decrease) increase in cash 

Cash,
 beginning of year 

Cash,
 end of year 

Supplemental
 disclosures of cash flow information: 

Cash
 paid during period for interest 

Cash
 paid during period for taxes 
 - 
 - 

Supplemental
 disclosure of non-cash investing and financing activities: 

Reclassification
 of derivative liability to additional paid in capital due to resolution of authorized share shortfall 
 
 - 
 
 Deemed
 dividend for warrant repricing at uplisting 
 
 - 
 
 Deemed
 dividend for price protection trigger in Series Z Preferred at uplisting 
 
 - 
 
 Equipment
 purchased by issuance of non-convertible notes payable 
 
 - 
 
 Increase
 in right of use assets and operating lease liabilities 

Factoring
 proceeds utilized for payoff of factoring liabilities 
 
 - 
 
 Land
 purchased with deed of trust notes 
 
 - 
 
 Advance
 for asset by issuance of notes payable 

Deemed
 dividend for repricing of certain warrants for liquidated damages waiver 
 
 - 
 
 Common
 shares issued upon conversion of convertible notes and accrued interest 

Common
 stock issued upon conversion of Series Z Preferred 
 
 - 
 
 Issuance
 of common shares previously to be issued 

Reduction
 of derivative liabilities stemming from settlement of convertible notes payable and accrued interest, warrants and accounts payable
 and cancelation of common shares in exchange for Series Y and Series Z preferred shares and cash 
 - 

Deemed
 dividend resulting from redemption of Series X shares 
 - 

Amortization
 of discount on preferred stock 
 - 

Common shares issued in business combination 
 - 

Series
 Z preferred shares issued as part of settlement agreement 
 - 

Nonconvertible
 notes rolled into convertible notes 
 - 

Deemed
 dividend resulting from redemption of Series X shares 
 - 

Series
 Y preferred shares issued as settlement for convertible notes payable, accrued interest and warrants 
 - 

Settlement
 paid directly by CEO on behalf of company 
 - 

Series
 Z preferred shares issued as equity kicker for note payable 
 - 

Expenses
 paid directly by non-convertible noteholder on behalf of company 
 - 

Reclassify
 accrued interest to convertible notes payable 
 - 

Common
 shares to be issued canceled for no consideration 
 - 

Preferred
 Series C shares contributed back to the Company for no consideration 
 - 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

F- 6 

GREENWAVE
TECHNOLOGY SOLUTIONS, INC. 

 Notes
to Consolidated Financial Statements 

 December
31, 2022 and 2021 

and a working capital deficit (current liabilities in excess of current assets)
of ). During the year ended December 31, 2022, the net cash used in operating activities was ) . The accumulated
deficit as of December 31, 2022 was ) . These conditions raise substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue
as a going concern for one year from the issuance of the consolidated financial statements. 

During
the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company received proceeds of and from the issuance of non-convertible notes
and factoring advances, respectively. 

Until
the Company s consummation of the Empire acquisition, the Company had experienced net losses and negative cash flows from operations.
The Company believes it could generate positive cashflows from operations going forward but in the event the market for recycled metals
experiences a sharp downturn or if it experiences delays in its growth plans, the Company may need to raise additional capital. The Company s
failure to raise capital as and when needed could have a negative impact on its financial condition and its ability to pursue its business
strategy. 

Accordingly,
the accompanying consolidated financial statements have been prepared on a going concern basis, which contemplates the realization of
assets and satisfaction of liabilities in the normal course of business for one year from the date the consolidated financial statements
are issued. The carrying amounts of assets and liabilities presented in the consolidated financial statements do not necessarily purport
to represent realizable or settlement values. The consolidated financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result
should the Company be unable to continue as a going concern. 

per bank. The Company minimizes this risk by placing its cash deposits with multiple major financial institutions.
At December 31, 2022 and 2021, the uninsured balances amounted to and , respectively. 

The
Company primarily generates revenue by purchasing scrap metal from businesses and retail suppliers, processing it, and selling the ferrous
and non-ferrous metals to customers. 

The
Company realizes revenue upon the fulfillment of its performance obligations to customers. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company
had a contract liability of and , respectively, for contracts under which the customer had paid for and the Company had
not yet delivered. 

The
following table details our contract liability activity for the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2022: 

Net
 transfers out to revenue 
 - 
 
 Balance,
 December 31, 2021 

Net
 transfers in due to new contract liabilities 
 - 
 
 Net
 transfers out to revenue 
 - 
 
 Balance,
 December 31, 2022 

and , respectively, as of December
31, 2022 and 2021. See Note 6 Inventories. 

and for the year ended December
31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

If
available evidence suggests that it is more likely than not that some portion or all of the deferred tax assets will not be realized,
a valuation allowance is required to reduce the deferred tax assets to the amount that is more likely than not to be realized. Future
changes in such valuation allowance are included in the provision for deferred income taxes in the period of change. Deferred income
taxes may arise from temporary differences resulting from income and expense items reported for financial accounting and tax purposes
in different periods. See Note 19 Income Taxes. 

The
Company s freestanding derivatives consisted of warrants to purchase common stock that were issued in connection with the issuance
of debt and the sale of common shares, and of embedded conversion options within convertible notes. The Company evaluated these derivatives
to assess their proper classification in the balance sheet as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 using the applicable classification criteria
enumerated under ASC 815, Derivatives and Hedging. The Company determined that certain embedded conversion and/or exercise
features did not contain fixed settlement provisions. The convertible notes contained a conversion feature such that the Company could
not ensure it would have adequate authorized shares to meet all possible conversion demands. As such, the Company was required to record
the derivatives which do not have fixed settlement provisions as liabilities and mark to market all such derivatives to fair value at
the end of each reporting period. The Company also records derivative liabilities for instruments, including convertible notes, preferred
stock, and warrants, in which the Company does not have sufficient authorized shares to cover the conversion of these instruments into
shares of common stock. 

,
respectively. 

Actual
costs incurred may vary from the accrued estimates due to the inherent uncertainties involved including, among others, the nature and
magnitude of the wastes involved, the various technologies that can be used for remediation and the determination of acceptable remediation
with respect to a particular site. Additionally, costs for environmental-related activities may not be reasonably estimable and therefore
would not be included in our current liabilities. 

Management
believes its environmental remediation liabilities were resolved in fiscal year 2022. 

. When retired
or otherwise disposed, the related carrying value and accumulated depreciation are removed from the respective accounts and the net difference
less any amount realized from disposition, is reflected in earnings. The estimated useful lives of the Intellectual Property, Customer
List, and Licenses assumed in the Empire acquisition is , , and , respectively. See Note 8 Amortization
of Intangible Assets. 

The
Company tests indefinite lived intangibles and goodwill for impairment in the fourth quarter of each year and whenever events or
circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of the asset exceeds its fair value and may not be recoverable. During the fiscal
years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company recorded 
and 0 
in impairment expense related to intangibles and goodwill and 
and 
in amortization of intangible assets, respectively. 

and 0 in impairment expense related
to goodwill, respectively. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the carrying value of goodwill was 0
 and , respectively. 

Factoring Agreements 

We
have entered into factoring agreements with various financial institutions to receive cash for our future revenues. These transactions
are treated as a debt instrument and are accounted for as a liability because the Company makes weekly payments towards the balance and
fees. We utilize factoring arrangements as an integral part of our financing for working capital. Any change in the availability of these
factoring arrangements could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company
owed and , net debt discounts of and , respectively for factoring advances. See Note 9 Advances,
Non-Convertible and PPP Notes Payable. 

Potentially
dilutive securities excluded from the computation of basic and diluted net loss per share are as follows: 

Options
 to purchase common shares 

Warrants
 to purchase common shares 

Common
 shares issuable upon conversion of preferred stock 

Total
 potentially dilutive shares 

On
February 28, 2022 the Company completed Pursuant to GAAP, the Company
retrospectively recasted and restated the weighted-average shares included within its consolidated statements of operations for the years
ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. The basic and diluted weighted-average common shares are retroactively converted to shares of the Company s
common stock to conform to the recasted consolidated statements of stockholders equity. 

Empire,
a company headquartered in Virginia, operates 11 metal recycling facilities in Virginia and North Carolina, where it collects, classifies
and processes raw scrap metals (ferrous and nonferrous) for recycling, such as iron, steel, aluminum, copper, lead, stainless steel and
zinc. Empire s business consists of purchasing scrap metals from retail customers, municipal governments and large corporations,
and selling both processed and unprocessed scrap metals to steel mills and other purchasers across the country. Empire utilizes technology
to create operating efficiencies and competitive advantages over other scrap metal recyclers. 

At
the effective time of the Empire Acquisition, each share of Empire s common stock was converted into the right to receive consideration
consisting of: (i) shares of newly-issued restricted shares of the Company s common stock, par value per share,
(ii) within 3 business days of the closing of the Company s next capital raise, repayment of a million advance made to purchase
Empire s Virginia Beach location to Empire s sole shareholder and Greenwave s CEO and (iii) a promissory note in the
principal amount of million with a maturity date of September 30, 2023 to Empire s sole shareholder and Greenwave s
CEO. 

The
merger agreement contains representations, warranties and covenants customary for transactions of this type. Investors in, and security
holders of, the Company should not rely on the representations and warranties as characterizations of the actual state of facts since
they were made only as of the date of the Empire Acquisition. Moreover, information concerning the subject matter of such representation
and warranties may change after the date of the Empire Acquisition, which subsequent information may or may not be fully reflected in
public disclosures. 

On
September 30, 2021, the Company entered into an employment agreement with the sole owner of Empire which did not represent additional
purchase consideration. 

Deposits 

Notes
 receivable related party 

Property
 and equipment, net 

Right
 of use and other assets 

Licenses 

Intellectual
 Property 

Customer
 Base 

Goodwill 

Total
 assets acquired at fair value 

Liabilities
 assumed: 

Accounts
 payable 

Advances
 and environmental remediation liabilities 

Note
 payable 

Other
 liabilities 

Total
 liabilities assumed 

Net
 assets acquired 

Purchase
 consideration paid: 

Common
 stock 

Promissory
 Note 

Promissory
 Note 

Total
 purchase consideration paid 

The
assets acquired and liabilities assumed are recorded at their estimated fair values on the acquisition date as adjusted during the measurement
period with subsequent changes recognized in earnings or loss. The Company utilized an independent specialist for the valuation of the
intangible assets. 

Net
 Income (Loss) Available to Common Shareholders 

Net
 Basic Earnings (Loss) per Share 

Net
 Diluted Earnings (Loss) per Share 

Pro
forma data does not purport to be indicative of the results that would have been obtained had these events actually occurred at the beginning
of the periods presented and is not intended to be a projection of future results. 

and ,
or and , respectively of the scrap metal purchases made by the Company. There was not a concentration of suppliers during the
year ended December 31, 2021. 

Accounts
Receivable 

The
Company has a concentration of credit risk with its accounts receivable balance. One customer accounted for , or , of our
accounts receivable at December 31, 2022. For the fiscal year ended December 31, 2021, the Company did not have any accounts receivable. 

Customer
Concentrations 

The
Company has a concentration of customers. For the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022, certain large customers individually accounted
for , , and , or approximately , , and of our revenues, respectively. For the fiscal year ended
December 31, 2021, one customer accounted for , or approximately of our revenue. 

The
Company s sales are concentrated in the Virginia and northeastern North Carolina markets. 

Finished
 products 
 - 

Inventories 

with accumulated depreciation of . Property and equipment as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 is summarized as follows: 

Furniture
 Fixtures 
 
 - 
 
 Vehicles 
 
 - 
 
 Leaseholder
 Improvement 
 
 - 
 
 Land 
 
 - 
 
 Buildings 
 
 - 
 
 Subtotal 

Less
 accumulated depreciation 

Property
 and equipment, net 

Depreciation
expense for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 was 
and ,
respectively. Impairment of equipment and land expense for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 was 
and ,
respectively. As of December 31, 2022, the Company s lenders had advanced 
for equipment which had not yet been delivered to the Company. 

Customer
 List 

Licenses 

Total
 finite-lived intangibles 

Total
 intangible assets, net 

December
 31, 2021 

Gross
 carrying amount 
 Accumulated amortization 
 Carrying value 
 Remaining
 estimated useful
 life 
 
 Intellectual
 Property 

Customer
 List 

Licenses 

Total
 finite-lived intangibles 

Total
 intangible assets, net 

The
weighted-average amortization period for intangible assets we acquired during the year ended December 31, 2021 was approximately 
years as of December 31, 2022. There were intangible assets acquired during the year ended December 31, 2022. 

Amortization expense for intangible assets was 
 and 
 for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021,
respectively. Total estimated amortization expense for our intangible assets for the years 2023 through 2027 is as follows: 

2024 

2025 

2026 

2027 

Thereafter 

with a carrying value of as of the acquisition date. The advances had final payment
dates ranging from November 19, 2020 to March 11, 2022. The advances were secured against the assets of Empire. The Company made payments
of towards these advances during the year ended December 31, 2021. There was amortization of debt discount of from
October 1, 2021 to December 8, 2021. The Company realized an aggregate gain on the settlement of these advances of from November
30 to December 8, 2021. 

On
August 2, 2022, the Company entered into a revenue factoring advance in the principal amount of for a purchase price of .
The Company s Chief Executive Officer was personally liable for this factoring advance. The Company was required to make 
payments in the amount through June 2023. The revenue factoring advance had a maturity date of June 4, 2023. There was amortization
of debt discount of and a gain on settlement of debt of , respectively, during the year ended December 31, 2022. The
Company made repayments of during the year ended December 31, 2022. As of December 31, 2022, the revenue factoring advance
had a balance of net an unamortized debt discount of . 

On
August 3, 2022, the Company entered into a revenue factoring advance in the principal amount of for a purchase price of .
The Company s Chief Executive Officer was personally liable for this factoring advance. The Company was required to make 
payments in the amount through June 2023. The advance had a maturity of June 4, 2023. There was amortization of debt discount
of during the year ended December 31, 2022. The Company made repayments of during the year ended December 31, 2022.
As of December 31, 2022, the revenue factoring advance had a balance of net an unamortized
debt discount of . 

On
September 28, 2022, the Company entered into a revenue factoring advance in the principal amount of for a purchase price of
 . The Company s Chief Executive Officer
was personally liable for this factoring advance. The Company was required to make payments
in the amount through September 2023. The advance had a maturity of October 18, 2023. There was amortization of debt discount
of and a gain of settlement of debt of during the year ended December 31, 2022. The Company made repayments
of during the year ended December 31, 2022. As of December 31, 2022, the revenue factoring
advance had a balance of net an unamortized debt discount of . 

On
December 8, 2022, the Company entered into a revenue factoring advance in the principal amount of for a purchase price of
 . The Company s Chief Executive Officer
is personally liable for this factoring advance. The Company is required to make payments
in the amount through December 2023. The advance matures on December 15, 2023. There was amortization of debt discount of 
during the year ended December 31, 2022. The Company made repayments of during the year ended December 31, 2022. As
of December 31, 2022, the revenue factoring advance had a balance of net an unamortized debt discount of . 

On
December 8, 2022, the Company entered into a revenue factoring advance in the principal amount of for a purchase price of
 . The Company s Chief Executive Officer
is personally liable for this factoring advance. The Company is required to make payments
in the amount through December 2023. The advance matures on December 15, 2023. There was amortization of debt discount of 
during the year ended December 31, 2022. The Company made repayments of during the year ended December 31, 2022. As
of December 31, 2022, the revenue factoring advance had a balance of net an unamortized debt discount of . 

On
December 29, 2022, the Company entered into a revenue factoring advance in the principal amount of for a purchase price of
 . The Company s Chief Executive Officer
is personally liable for this factoring advance. The Company is required to make payments
in the amount through January 2024. The advance matures on January 4, 2024. There was amortization of debt discount of 
during the year ended December 31, 2022. As of December 31, 2022, the revenue factoring advance had a balance of net an unamortized
debt discount of . 

he
remaining advances are for Simple Agreements for Future Tokens, entered into with accredited investors issued pursuant to an exemption
from the registration requirements of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, by virtue of Section 4(a)(2) thereof and/or Regulation
D thereunder in 2018. As of December 31, 2022, the Company owed for Simple Agreements for Future Tokens. 

Non-Convertible
Notes Payable 

During
the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company received proceeds from the issuance of non-convertible notes of and
 , had and in intercompany loans eliminated, and repaid an aggregate of and , respectively,
of non-convertible notes. Included in the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 were and , respectively, of advances from
and and of repayments to the Company s Chief Executive Officer. The in repayments in 2021 was comprised of
 in payments made towards non-convertible notes assumed in the Empire acquisition, was towards non-convertible notes
Greenwave had outstanding and was towards the resolution agreement with Sheppard Mullin. 

On
April 17, 2020, the outstanding principal balance of and accrued interest of on non-convertible notes held by one holder
was consolidated into a new non-convertible note with a face value of , resulting in a loss on debt settlement of as of
December 31, 2020. On June 2, 2021, holders of this non-convertible notes entered into an agreement to cancel the entire amount owed
to him (including principal of and accrued interest of ), resulting in gain on forgiveness of debt of . This note
was fully satisfied and retired as of December 31, 2021. 

On
May 4, 2020, the Company received proceeds of from a PPP note. The note had a maturity date of and bore interest
per annum. On April 6, 2021, the Small Business Administration forgave the Company s Paycheck Protection Program loan in the principal
amount of and accrued interest of , resulting in gain on forgiveness of debt of . As of December 31, 2022 and December
31, 2021, the Company owed and in principal and and in accrued interest, respectively, on this note. This note was fully
satisfied and retired as of December 31, 2021. 

On
June 4, 2021, one of the holders of a non-convertible note payable for extended . On November 30, 2021, the Company settled this note for payment of . 

Upon
effectiveness of the Company s acquisition of Empire on October 1, 2021, the Company incurred a liability for a secured promissory
note with an interest rate of and a maturity date of . As of October 1, 2021, the note s principal balance
was , had a carrying value of , and had accrued interest and penalties of . The note was secured by assets of
Empire. The Company made payments towards the principal and interest of the note of from October 1 to November 30, 2021. There
was amortization of debt discount on the note of from October 1 to November 30, 2021. The Company paid to settle the
note on November 30, 2021. The Company realized a gain on the settlement of this note of on November 30, 2021. This note was
fully satisfied and retired as of December 31, 2021. 

Upon
effectiveness of the Company s acquisition of Empire on October 1, 2021, the Company incurred a liability for a secured promissory
note with an interest rate of and a maturity date of November 15, 2025 . As of October 1, 2021, the note s principal balance
was , carrying value was , and had accrued interest and penalties of . The note was secured by assets of Empire.
The Company made payments towards the principal and interest of the note of from October 1 to November 30, 2021. There was amortization
of debt discount on the note of from October 1 to November 30, 2021. The Company paid to settle the note on November
30, 2021. The Company realized a gain on the settlement of this note of on November 30, 2021. This note was fully satisfied and
retired as of December 31, 2021. 

Upon
effectiveness of the Company s acquisition of Empire on October 1, 2021, the Company incurred a liability for a secured promissory
note with an interest rate of and a maturity date of . As of October 1, 2021, the note s remaining principal
balance was . The note was secured by all assets of Empire and property owned by the Company s Chief Executive Officer.
The Company made payments towards the principal and interest of the note of from October 1 to November 30, 2021. There was an
interest expense of from October 1 to November 30, 2021. The Company paid to settle the note on November 30, 2021.
The Company realized a loss on the settlement of this note of on November 30, 2021. This note was fully satisfied and retired
as of December 31, 2021. 

Upon
effectiveness of the Company s acquisition of Empire on October 1, 2021, the Company incurred a liability for a secured, demand
promissory note with an interest rate of and a maturity date of . As of October 1, 2021, the note s remaining
principal balance was . Under the terms of the note, any principal amount that was paid off could be reborrowed. The note was
secured by all assets Empire and property owned by the Company s Chief Executive Officer. On October 26, 2021, the Company received
additional proceeds of under the note. The Company made payments towards the principal and interest of the note of from
October 1 to November 30, 2021. There was an interest expense of from October 1 to November 30, 2021. The Company paid 
to settle the note on November 30, 2021. This note was fully satisfied and retired as of December 31, 2021. 

Upon
effectiveness of the Company s acquisition of Empire on October 1, 2021, the Company incurred a liability for an Economic Injury
Disaster Loan EIDL note with a interest rate and a maturity date of . As of October 1, 2021, the
note s principal balance was and had in accrued interest. The Company made payments towards interest of the note
of from October 1 to November 30, 2021. There was an interest expense of on this note from October 1 to November 30, 2021.
The Company paid to settle the note on November 30, 2021. This note was fully satisfied and retired as of December 31, 2021. 

Upon
effectiveness of the Company s acquisition of Empire on October 1, 2021, the Company incurred a liability for a secured promissory
note with an interest rate of and a maturity date of . As of October 1, 2021, the note s principal balance
was , had a carrying value of , and had accrued interest and late fees of . The note was secured by assets of Empire.
The Company made payments towards the principal and interest of the note of from October 1 to November 30, 2021. There was amortization
of debt discount on the note of from October 1 to November 30, 2021. The Company paid to settle the note on November
30, 2021. The Company realized a gain on the settlement of this note of on November 30, 2021. This note was fully satisfied and
retired as of December 31, 2021. 

Upon
effectiveness of the Company s acquisition of Empire on October 1, 2021, the Company incurred a liability for a secured promissory
note with an interest rate of and a maturity date of November 5, 2023. As of October 1, 2021, the note s principal balance
was , had a carrying value of , and had accrued interest and penalties of . The note was secured by assets of Empire.
The Company made payments towards the principal and interest of the note of from October 1 to November 30, 2021. There was amortization
of debt discount on the note of from October 1 to November 30, 2021. The Company paid to settle the note on November
30, 2021. The Company realized a gain on the settlement of this note of on November 30, 2021. This note was fully satisfied and
retired as of December 31, 2021. 

Upon
effectiveness of the Company s acquisition of Empire on October 1, 2021, the Company incurred a liability for a Paycheck Protection
Program PPP note with a interest rate and a maturity date of . As of October 1, 2021, the note s
principal balance was in principal and had in accrued interest. The note was secured by assets of Empire. The note accrued
interest of from October 1 to December 7, 2021. On December 7, 2021, the Small Business Administration forgave the Company s
Paycheck Protection Program loan in the principal amount of and accrued interest of , resulting in gain on forgiveness
of debt of . This note was fully satisfied and retired as of December 31, 2021. 

Upon
effectiveness of the Company s acquisition of Empire on October 1, 2021, the Company incurred a liability for a secured promissory
note with an interest rate of and a maturity date of . As of October 1, 2021, the note s principal balance
was , had a carrying value of , and had accrued interest and penalties of . The note was secured by assets of Empire.
The Company made payments towards the principal and interest of the note of from October 1 to November 30, 2021. There was amortization
of debt discount on the note of from October 1 to November 30, 2021. The Company paid to settle the note on November
30, 2021. The Company realized a gain on the settlement of this note of on November 30, 2021. This note was fully satisfied and
retired as of December 31, 2021. 

Upon
effectiveness of the Company s acquisition of Empire on October 1, 2021, the Company incurred a liability for a secured promissory
note with an interest rate of with a maturity date of . As of October 1, 2021, the note s principal balance
was , had carrying value of , and had accrued interest and penalties of . The note was secured by assets of Empire.
The Company made payments towards the principal and interest of the note of from October 1 to November 30, 2021. There was amortization
of debt discount on the note of from October 1 to November 30, 2021. The Company paid to settle the note on November
30, 2021. The Company realized a gain on the settlement of this note of on November 30, 2021. This note was fully satisfied and
retired as of December 31, 2021. 

Upon
effectiveness of the Company s acquisition of Empire on October 1, 2021, the Company incurred a liability for a secured promissory
note with an interest rate of and a maturity date of . As of October 1, 2021, the note s principal balance
was , had a carrying value of , and had accrued interest and penalties of . The note was secured by assets of Empire.
The Company made payments towards the principal and interest of the note of from October 1 to November 30, 2021. There was amortization
of debt discount on the note of from October 1 to November 30, 2021. The Company paid to settle the note on November
30, 2021. The Company realized a gain on the settlement of this note of on November 30, 2021. This note was fully satisfied and
retired as of December 31, 2021. 

Upon
effectiveness of the Company s acquisition of Empire on October 1, 2021, the Company incurred a liability for a secured promissory
note with an interest rate of and a maturity date of . As of October 1, 2021, the note had a principal balance
of , carrying value of , and accrued interest and penalties of . The note was secured by assets of Empire. There
was amortization of debt discount on the note of from October 1 to November 30, 2021. The Company paid to settle the
note on November 30, 2021. The Company realized a gain on the settlement of this note of on November 30, 2021. This note was
fully satisfied and retired as of December 31, 2021. 

On
September 23, 2021, the Company entered into a Resolution Agreement with Sheppard, Mullin, Richter Hampton concerning the 
 judgement entered against the Company (See Note
12 Commitments and Contingencies ). There was amortization of the debt discount of 
 and
 
 during
the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. During the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company made 
 and
 
 in
payments, respectively towards the Resolution Agreement. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Resolution Agreement had a balance of
 
 and
 ,
net an unamortized debt discount of 
 and
 ,
respectively. 

On
January 24, 2022, the Company settled a non-convertible note in the principal amount of with accrued interest and penalties of
 for a cash payment of . The Company realized a gain on settlement of debt of debt of . This was accounted for
as a debt extinguishment. This note was fully satisfied and retired as of December 31, 2022. 

On
April 11, 2022, the Company entered into a vehicle financing agreement with GM Financial for the purchase of a vehicle for use by the
Company s Chief Executive Officer in the principal amount of . GM Financial financed of the purchase price of the
vehicle and the Company was required to make a down payment. There was a rebate applied to the purchase price. The Company
is required to make 60 monthly payments of . During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company made in payments towards
the financing agreement. There was amortization of debt discount of during the year ended December 31, 2022. As of December 31,
2022, the financing agreement had a balance of , net an unamortized debt discount of . 

On
April 21, 2022, the Company entered into a secured promissory note in the principal amount of for the financing and installation
of a piece of equipment in the amount . The Company is required to make monthly payments in the amount through October
2022 and monthly payments of until October 2026. The note bears an interest rate of , is secured by certain assets of the
Company, and matures on . During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company made in payments towards the note.
There was amortization of debt discount of during the year ended December 31, 2022. As of December 31, 2022, the note had a balance
of net an unamortized debt discount of . 

On
September 1, 2022, the Company entered into a Deed of Trust note for the purchase of land and buildings. The note has a principal amount
of , bears an interest rate of , and matures on . The Company is required to make monthly payments of 
until September 1, 2032, when the remaining principal and accrued interest becomes due. The Company made principal and interest payments
of and , respectively, during the year ended December 31, 2022. As of December 31, 2022, the note had a principal balance
of and accrued interest of . 

On
September 1, 2022, the Company entered into an additional Deed of Trust note for the purchase of land and buildings. The note has a principal
amount of , bears an interest rate of , and matures on . The Company is required to make monthly payments
of until September 1, 2032, when the remaining principal and accrued interest becomes due. The Company made principal and interest
payments of and , respectively, during the year ended December 31, 2022. As of December 31, 2022, the note had a principal
balance of and accrued interest of . 

On
September 14, 2022, the Company entered into a secured promissory note in the principal amount of for a purchase price of
 . The note is secured by certain assets of the Company. The Company is required to make monthly payments in the amount 
through September 2025. The note bears an interest rate of , is secured by certain assets of the Company, and matures on . There was amortization of debt discount of during the year ended December 31, 2022. There were payments of 
towards the note during the year ended December 31, 2022. As of December 31, 2022, the note had a balance of net an unamortized
debt discount of . 

On
November 28, 2022, the Company entered into a secured promissory note in the principal amount of for a purchase price of .
The note is secured by certain assets of the Company. The Company is required to make monthly payments in the amount of through
March 2023 and then monthly payments in the amount of through March 2029. The note bears an interest rate of , is secured
by certain assets of the Company, and matures on March 5, 2029. There was amortization of debt discount of during the year ended
December 31, 2022. As of December 31, 2022, the note had a balance of net an unamortized debt discount of . 

On
November 28, 2022, the Company entered into a secured promissory note in the principal amount of for a purchase price of .
The note is secured by certain assets of the Company. The Company is required to make monthly payments in the amount of through
March 2023 and then monthly payments in the amount of through March 2029. The note bears an interest rate of , is secured
by certain assets of the Company, and matures on March 5, 2029. There was amortization of debt discount of during the year ended
December 31, 2022. As of December 31, 2022, the note had a balance of net an unamortized debt discount of . 

On
November 28, 2022, the Company entered into a secured promissory note in the principal amount of for a purchase price of .
The note is secured by certain assets of the Company. The Company is required to make monthly payments in the amount of through
March 2023 and then monthly payments in the amount of through March 2029. The note bears an interest rate of , is secured
by certain assets of the Company, and matures on March 5, 2029. There was amortization of debt discount of during the year ended
December 31, 2022. As of December 31, 2022, the note had a balance of net an unamortized debt discount of . 

On
December 15, 2022, the Company entered into a secured promissory note in the principal amount of for a purchase price of .
The note is secured by certain assets of the Company. The Company is required to make monthly payments in the amount of through
March 2023 and then monthly payments in the amount of through March 2029. The note bears an interest rate of , is secured
by certain assets of the Company, and matures on March 15, 2029. There was amortization of debt discount of during the year ended
December 31, 2022. As of December 31, 2022, the note had a balance of net an unamortized debt discount of . 

Non-Convertible
 Note (Issued March 8, 2019) 
 
 - 
 
 Sheppard
 Mullin Resolution Agreement (Issued September 23, 2021) 
 
 - 
 
 Deed
 of Trust Note (Issued September 1, 2022) 

Deed
 of Trust Note (Issued September 1, 2022) 

Equipment
 Finance Note (Issued April 21, 2022) 

Equipment
 Finance Note (Issued September 14, 2022) 

Equipment
 Finance Note (Issued November 28, 2022) 

Equipment
 Finance Note (Issued November 28, 2022) 

Equipment
 Finance Note (Issued November 28, 2022) 

Equipment
 Finance Note (Issued December 15, 2022) 

Debt
 Discount 

Total
 Principal of Non-Convertible Notes 

2024 

2025 

2026 

2027 

Thereafter 

and , respectively. These
are primarily comprised of payments to vendors, accrued interest on debt, and accrued legal bills. 

Credit
 Cards 

Accrued
 Interest 

Accrued
 Expenses 

Total
 Accounts Payable and Accrued Expenses 

and , respectively, to federal and state taxing authorities. The actual liability may be higher or lower due
to interest or penalties assessed by federal and state taxing authorities. 

of outstanding legal fees to Sheppard Mullin.
Sheppard Mullin was awarded in unpaid legal fees, disbursements and interest on June 25, 2021. A judgement confirming the arbitration
award was entered on September 8, 2021 in the Federal District Court located in Denver, Colorado. 

On
September 23, 2021, the Company entered into a Resolution Agreement with Sheppard, Mullin, Richter Hampton concerning the 
judgement entered against the Company. . 

Virginia
DEQ Consent Order 

On
June 30, 2021, the Company entered into a Consent Order with the Virginia State Water Control Board. Under the Consent Order, the Company
is required to pay a civil penalty of , improve its internal control plans regarding recycled and waste materials, remediate certain
environmental concerns on the properties it leases, among other requirements. The Company believes it is appropriate to recognize an
environmental remediation liability as a regulatory claim that was asserted in the Notices of Violations issued to the Company in November
2019, for which the June 2021 Consent Order rectifies. 

Upon
effectiveness of the Company s acquisition of Empire on October 1, 2021, the Company incurred in environmental remediation
liabilities, of which was a fair estimate of the cost to remediate the properties it leases and a balance of for the
civil penalty as of the acquisition date. The Company paid towards the remediation of the properties and towards the
civil penalty from October 1, 2021 to December 31, 2021. The Company had in environmental remediation liabilities as of December
31, 2021, of which is the remaining civil penalty and is the estimated cost to remediate the properties in accordance
with the Consent Order. The Company is committed to improving its processes and controls to ensure its operations have minimal environmental
impact with the goal of minimizing the number of comments and citations received by the Department of Environmental Quality going forward.
As of December 31, 2022, the environmental remediation liabilities were fully satisfied. 

Rother
Investments Petition 

On
October 28, 2020, Rother Investments, LLC Rother Investments filed a complaint in the District Court of 419th Judicial
District, Travis County, Texas against the Company, alleging the Company s default under a certain promissory note (the Rother
Investments Note in payment of the outstanding principal amount and interest under the Note, as described in the complaint. as of the date of the complaint with late fees continuing to accrue on a daily basis,
monetary relief of over 100,000 but not more than 200,000 pursuant to Tex. R. Civ. P. 47(c)(3), court s costs and attorney s
fees, pre-judgment and post-judgment interest, and such other relief as the court deems appropriate. On May 19, 2021, Rother Investments,
LLC received a default judgment against the Company in the amount of 144,950 . On June 17, 2021, Greenwave filed a motion to set aside
default and motion for new trial asserting it was improperly served. On July 20, 2021, the court granted the Company s motion finding
and ordered a new trial of the matter. On December 1, 2021, the Rother Investment Note and the complaint were settled for payment of
 . The complaint was dismissed on December 3, 2021. 

Power
Up Lending Group, Ltd. Complaint 

As
disclosed in the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the SEC on April 16, 2021, on October 11, 2019, Power Up Lending
Group, Ltd. Power Up filed a complaint against the Company and Isaac Dietrich, a former officer and director of the Company,
in the Supreme Court of the State of New York, County of Nassau. The complaint alleged, among other things, (i) the occurrence of events
of default in certain notes (the Power Up Notes issued by the Company to Power Up, (ii) misrepresentations by the Company
including, but not limited to, with respect to the Company s obligation to timely file its required reports with the SEC and (iii)
lost profits as a result of the Company s failure to convert the Power Up Notes in accordance with the terms thereof. 

On
April 30, 2021, the Company entered into a settlement agreement (the Settlement with PowerUp by accepting an offer communicated
to the Company via electronic mail. In accordance with the terms of the Settlement, PowerUp, the judgment creditor of a judgment against
the Company and Isaac Dietrich, the Company s former Chief Executive Officer and director, in the total amount of entered
in the Office of the Clerk of the County of Nassau on February 23, 2021 (the Judgement ), agreed to a settlement and filing
of a satisfaction of judgment in consideration of receipt of the sum of (the Settlement Amount on April 30,
2021. The Company accepted the aforementioned offer by remitting the Settlement Amount timely and in full. Accordingly, a satisfaction
of Judgment was filed by PowerUp with the Office of the Clerk of the County of Nassau on May 3, 2020. 

Trawick s
Complaint 

As
previously reported by the Company in its Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on April 16, 2021,
on or about January 25, 2021, Travis Trawick Trawick filed a complaint Trawick s Lawsuit against
the Company and Isaac Dietrich, the Company s former Chief Information Officer and director, in the Circuit Court for the City
of Virginia Beach, Virginia (the Court ), asserting the Company s failure to remit payments under the certain promissory
note, as subsequently amended and modified, and ancillary documents thereto (collectively, the Note ), and Mr. Dietrich s
failure to fulfill its obligations, as the guarantor, under the Note. 

On
May 4, 2021, Trawick requested that the Clerk of the Court filed for entry an order to dismiss Trawick s Lawsuit with prejudice. 

Iroquois
Master Fund 

On
June 30, 2021, the Company received an e-mail containing a demand (the Demand for arbitration (the Arbitration at American Arbitration Association in Denver, Colorado, by Iroquois Master Fund Ltd. Iroquois against the Company, Isaac
Dietrich, a former officer and director, and Danny Meeks, the Company s director, and Empire Services, Inc. Empire ).
The Demand alleges breach of contract and various related state law claims against the defendants, and sought, inter alia , specific
performance of the subject warrant, damages in an amount not less than million, equitable relief, and attorney s fees for the
Company s alleged failure to reserve more than million shares of common stock that Iroquois is allegedly entitled to in connection
with the exercise of a certain warrant issued by the Company on July 21, 2017, and subsequently purchased by Iroquois from an unrelated
third party. As a result of a legal action commenced by Isaac Dietrich, Danny Meeks, and Empire (See Litigation 
below), Iroquois informed the American Arbitration Association (the arbitral body overseeing the Arbitration) that it would (i) dismiss
the Counterclaim Defendants from the Arbitration without prejudice, (ii) assert its claims against Isaac Dietrich, Danny Meeks, and Empire
the in the action commended by them, and (iii) proceed with the Arbitration with respect to the Company only. 

Litigation 

On
July 21, 2021, in response to the Demand, Isaac Dietrich, Danny Meeks, and Empire, filed a complaint (the Complaint against
Iroquois in the United States District Court of the Southern District of New York alleging that the aforementioned plaintiffs were not
parties to the warrant the Demand based on, and as such, the Demand could not have brought against them. Declaratory relief and injunctive
relief were sought in the Complaint. On August 20, 2021, Iroquois submitted an answer with counterclaims stating that Iroquois informed
the American Arbitration Association (the arbitral body overseeing the Arbitration) that it would (i) dismiss the Counterclaim Defendants
from the Arbitration without prejudice, (ii) assert its claims against Isaac Dietrich, Danny Meeks, and Empire the in the action commended
by them, and (iii) proceed with the Arbitration with respect to the Company only. In its answer, Iroquois made allegations substantially
similar to the claims made in the Arbitration, asserted defenses, and requested an award in not less than million against Demand,
Isaac Dietrich, Danny Meeks, and Empire, an entry of an award of a constructive trust against them, and costs and expenses, including
its reasonable attorneys fees, incurred in prosecuting said action and the Arbitration. 

Settlement 

On
September 30, 2021, the Company entered into a Settlement Agreement (the Settlement Agreement with Iroquois; Dietrich;
Meeks; and Empire. Pursuant to the Settlement Agreement, in exchange for terminating any duties owed by the Company to Iroquois under
the Warrant, the Company agreed to pay, on its own behalf and on behalf of Dietrich, Meeks, and Empire, one million dollars and issue shares of the Series Z Convertible Preferred Stock, par value per share (the Series Z ), sufficient in
number such that if they are converted into the Company s common stock, par value per share Common Stock by Iroquois, such shares of Common Stock will be equal in number to of the issued and outstanding shares of Common Stock at the
time of such conversion. Accordingly, on September 30, 2021, 250 Series Z Preferred Shares were issued to the investor (See Note 16
 Stockholders Equity ). The payment of was made to Iroquois on October 5, 2021 due to an administrative delay. 

in ROU assets and in lease liabilities
for the leasing of scrap metal yards from an entity controlled by the Company s Chief Executive Officer. Under the terms of the
leases, Empire was required to pay an aggregate of per month from January to March 2022. On April 1, 2022, the Company entered
into amendments to the leases for its Kelford and Carrolton yards, increasing the monthly rent payments by an aggregate of per
month for use of an automotive shredder and downstream processing system, respectively, being installed on those properties. . On September 1, 2022, the Company terminated the lease for its Portsmouth yard on account of the Company purchasing
the land underlying the lease, reducing the lease payment by per month. The leases expire on and the Company
has two options to extend the leases by years per option. In the event the Company does not exercise the options, the leases will continue
on a month-to-month basis. The Company cannot sublease any of the properties under the lease agreements. 

Upon
effectiveness of the acquisition of Empire on October 1, 2021, the Company assumed in ROU assets and in lease liabilities
for an office lease. per month and increasing by 3 on April 1st of every
year beginning on April 1, 2022 . The lease expires on and Empire was required to make a security deposit of . . 

On
October 11, 2021, Empire entered into leasing agreements with a company owned by the Chief Executive Officer of Empire for the leasing
of the Company s Virginia Beach metal recycling location. for the
prorated first month and 15,000 per month for the facilities beginning November 1, 2021 and increasing by 3 on January 1st of every
year thereafter . The leases expire on and . 

On
January 24, 2022, square feet of office space commencing upon the completion of
tenant improvements which was expected to be on April 1, 2022 but shall be no later than May 1, 2022 Commencement Date .
Under the terms of the leases, the Company is required to pay for the first twelve months of the lease and increasing by approximately
3 every 12 months thereafter until the expiration of the lease. The lease is for a period of five years from the Commencement Date and
the Company was required to make a security deposit of . The Company does not have an option to extend the lease. The Company cannot
sublease any of the office space under the lease agreement. 

Effective
February 1, 2022, the Company entered into an office space/land lease agreement with an entity owned by the Chief Executive Officer of
Greenwave for the leasing of the Company s Fairmont metal scrap yard located at 406 Sandy Street, Fairmont, NC 28340. per month for the facility beginning February 1, 2022 and increasing by 3 
on January 1, 2023 . The lease expires on and the Company has two options to extend the lease by years per option. The
Company also has the option to extend the term of the lease for an additional year for the next years upon the same terms and conditions.
In the event the Company does not exercise the options, the lease will continue on a month-to-month basis. The Company cannot sublease
the property under the lease agreement. 

Effective
October 13, 2022, the Company entered into an office space/land lease agreement for the leasing of 900 Broad Street, Suite C, Portsmouth,
VA 23707. per month for the facility beginning November 1, 2022
and increasing by 3 on January 1, 2023 . The lease expires on and the Company has two options to extend the lease by
 years per option. The Company also has the option to extend the term of the lease for an additional year for the next years upon
the same terms and conditions. In the event the Company does not exercise the options, the lease will continue a month-to-month basis.
The Company cannot sublease the property under the lease agreement. 

Automobile
Leases (Operating Leases) 

Upon
effectiveness of the acquisition of Empire on October 1, 2021, the Company assumed in ROU assets and in lease liabilities
for an automobile lease. per month until the lease expires on and the Company does not have an option to renew or extend . The Company is responsible for any damage to the automobile under the
terms of the lease. 

Upon
effectiveness of the acquisition of Empire on October 1, 2021, the Company assumed in ROU assets and in lease liabilities
for an automobile lease. Under the terms of the lease, Empire is required to pay per month until the lease expires on and . 

On April 1, 2021, Empire
entered into a lease agreement for the leasing of certain equipment. per
month thereafter for a period of 24 months. The lease expires on and the Company does not have an option to renew or extend.
The Company is responsible to any damage to the equipment under the terms of the lease. 

On
December 23, 2021, Empire entered into a lease agreement for the leasing of an automobile. for the first month and 1,000 per month thereafter for 60 months . The lease expires on and . 

On
July 1, 2022, Empire entered into a lease agreement for the leasing of certain equipment. . The lease expires on and . 

ROU
 assets 

Total
 ROU assets 

Current
 portion of lease liabilities related party 

Current
 portion of lease liabilities 

Long
 term lease liabilities related party, net of current portion 
 - 

Long
 term lease liabilities, net of current portion 

Total
 lease liabilities 

2024 

2025 

2026 

2027 

Total
 Minimum Lease Payments 

Less:
 Imputed Interest 

Present
 Value of Lease Payments 

Less:
 Current Portion 

Long
 Term Portion 

The
Company leases its facilities, automobiles, and offices under operating leases which expire on various dates through 2024. Rent expense
related to these leases is recognized based on the payment amount charged under the lease. Rent expense for the years ended December
31, 2022 and 2021 was and , respectively. At December 31, 2022, the leases had a weighted average remaining lease
term of years and a weighted average discount rate of . 

, which consisted
of approximately in cash and of existing debt of the Company which was exchanged for the notes and warrants issued
in this offering principal amount of senior secured convertible notes and warrants valued at . The senior notes
were issued with an original issue discount of , bear interest at the rate of per annum, and mature after 6 months, on .
The senior notes are convertible into shares of the Company s common stock, par value per share at a conversion price per
share of , subject to adjustment under certain circumstances described in the senior notes. To secure its obligations thereunder
and under the securities purchase agreement, the Company has granted a security interest over substantially all of its assets to the
collateral agent for the benefit of the Investors, pursuant to a pledge and security agreement. Upon the listing of the common stock
on a national exchange and certain other conditions being met, the senior notes issued in this offering will automatically convert into
common stock at the conversion price set forth in the senior notes. The Company paid and a warrant to purchase shares
of common stock valued at as commission for the offering. 

The
maturity date of the senior notes was extended by the Company on May 27, 2022 from May 30, 2022 to November 30, 2022, which was accounted
for as a debt modification. The maturity date of the senior notes may be extended by the holders under other circumstances specified
therein. If the Company is unable to extend the senior notes or elects not to do so, the Company will be required to repay the senior
notes through equity issuances, additional borrowings, cash flows from operations and/or other sources of liquidity. The warrants are
exercisable for five years to purchase an aggregate of shares of common stock at an exercise price per share of ,
subject to adjustment under certain circumstances described in the warrants. 

Upon
the issuance of certain convertible notes, the Company determined that the features associated with the embedded conversion option embedded
in the notes, should be accounted for at fair value, as a derivative liability, as the Company cannot determine if a sufficient number
of shares would be available to settle all potential future conversion transactions. Upon the consummation of a on
February 17, 2022, the Company determined it had a sufficient number of authorized and unissued shares to cover all potential future
conversion transactions and the derivative liabilities were eliminated. 

On
July 22, 2022, simultaneously with the listing of the Company s common stock on Nasdaq, the Company issued shares of
common stock for the conversion of its senior secured convertible notes in the principal amount of together with accrued
interest in the amount of . The Company realized a gain on conversion of . 

On
September 12, 2022, in exchange for the waiver of liquidated damages in the amount of due under the Registration Rights Agreement
dated November 29, 2021, by and among the Company and certain of its convertible note and warrant holders party thereto, the Company
reduced the exercise price of warrants to purchase shares of common stock from per share to per share, in addition
to issuing additional warrants to purchase shares of common stock at per share. The Company realized a deemed dividend
of as result of the repricing of certain warrants. The Company recorded an expense of for the issuance of new warrants
for the waiver of liquidated damages. 

During
the year ended December 31, 2022, there was amortization of debt discount of . As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the remaining
carrying value of the convertible notes was 0 and , net of unamortized debt discount of and , respectively.
As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, accrued interest payable of and , respectively, was outstanding on the notes. 

, (2) expected volatility
of to , (3) risk-free interest rate of to , and (4) expected life of to years. 

On
December 31, 2021, the Company estimated the fair value of the embedded derivatives of using the Black-Scholes Pricing Model
based on the following assumptions: (1) dividend yield of , (2) expected volatility of , (3) risk-free interest rate of 
to , and (4) expected life of to years. 

On
February 17, 2022, the Company estimated the fair value of the embedded derivatives of using the Black-Scholes Pricing Model
based on the following assumptions: (1) dividend yield of , (2) expected volatility of , (3) risk-free interest rate of 
to , and (4) expected life of to years. 

The
Company adopted the provisions of ASC 825-10. ASC 825-10 defines fair value as the price that would be received from selling an asset
or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction between market participants at the measurement date. When determining the fair
value measurements for assets and liabilities required or permitted to be recorded at fair value, the Company considers the principal
or most advantageous market in which it would transact and considers assumptions that market participants would use when pricing the
asset or liability, such as inherent risk, transfer restrictions, and risk of non-performance. ASC 825-10 establishes a fair value hierarchy
that requires an entity to maximize the use of observable inputs and minimize the use of unobservable inputs when measuring fair value.
ASC 825-10 establishes three levels of inputs that may be used to measure fair value: 

Level
 1 Quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities. 

Level
 2 Observable inputs other than Level 1 prices such as quoted prices for similar assets or liabilities; quoted prices in markets
 with insufficient volume or infrequent transactions (less active markets); or model-derived valuations in which all significant inputs
 are observable or can be derived principally from or corroborated by observable market data for substantially the full term of the
 assets or liabilities. 

Level
 3 Unobservable inputs to the valuation methodology that are significant to the measurement of fair value of assets or liabilities. 

All
items required to be recorded or measured on a recurring basis are based upon Level 3 inputs. 

To
the extent that valuation is based on models or inputs that are less observable or unobservable in the market, the determination of fair
value requires more judgment. In certain cases, the inputs used to measure fair value may fall into different levels of the fair value
hierarchy. In such cases, for disclosure purposes, the level in the fair value hierarchy within which the fair value measurement is disclosed
and is determined based on the lowest level input that is significant to the fair value measurement. 

The
Company recognizes its derivative liabilities as Level 3 and values its derivatives using the methods discussed below. While the Company
believes that its valuation methods are appropriate and consistent with other market participants, it recognizes that the use of different
methodologies or assumptions to determine the fair value of certain financial instruments could result in a different estimate of fair
value at the reporting date. The primary assumptions that would significantly affect the fair values using the methods discussed are
that of volatility and market price of the underlying common stock of the Company. 

As
of December 31, 2022, the Company did not have any derivative instruments that were designated as hedges. 

- 
 - 

Transfers
 in due to issuance of convertible notes and warrants with embedded conversion and reset provisions 

Transfers
 out due to conversions of convertible notes and accrued interest into common shares 

Transfers
 out due to exchanges of convertible notes, accrued interest and warrants into Series Y Preferred Shares 

Transfers
 out due to cash payments made pursuant to settlement agreements 

Derivative
 liability due to authorized shares shortfall 

Mark
 to market to December 31, 2021 

Balance,
 December 31, 2021 

Transfers
 out due to elimination of authorized share shortfall (reclassified to additional paid in capital) 

Mark
 to market to February 17, 2022 

Balance,
 December 31, 2022 
 - 

Gain
 on change in derivative liabilities for the year ended December 31, 2022 

Fluctuations
in the Company s stock price are a primary driver for the changes in the derivative valuations during each reporting period. As
the stock price increases/(decreases) for each of the related derivative instruments, the value to the holder of the instrument generally
increases/(decreases), therefore increasing/(decreasing) the liability on the Company s balance sheet. Decreases in the conversion
price of the Company s convertible notes are another driver for the changes in the derivative valuations during each reporting
period. As the conversion price decreases for each of the related derivative instruments, the value to the holder of the instrument (especially
those with full ratchet price protection) generally increases, therefore increasing the liability on the Company s balance sheet.
Additionally, stock price volatility is one of the significant unobservable inputs used in the fair value measurement of each of the
Company s derivative instruments. The simulated fair value of these liabilities is sensitive to changes in the Company s
expected volatility. Increases in expected volatility would generally result in higher fair value measurements. A 10 change in pricing
inputs and changes in volatilities and correlation factors would not result in a material change in our Level 3 fair value. 

In
July 2022, convertible debt in the principal amount of was converted into shares of common stock. 

shares of blank check preferred stock, par value per share. 

Series
C 

On
July 16, 2019, the Company authorized the issuance of Series C Preferred Stock, par value per share. The Series C
preferred shares are convertible into shares of common stock upon the Company listing on a national exchange and other conditions.
The Certificate of Designation for the Series C Preferred Stock was filed on July 19, 2019. 

As
of December 31, 2022 and 2021, there were and shares of Series C Preferred Stock outstanding, respectively. 

On
December 16, 2021, the Company s former Chief Executive Officer forfeited his shares of Series C Preferred Stock for no consideration. 

A
Certificate of Elimination of the Series C convertible preferred stock was filed on December 16, 2021. 

Series
X 

On
November 23, 2020, the Company authorized the issuance of shares of Series X Preferred Stock, par value per share. The Series
X Preferred Stock has a stated value and is convertible into shares of common stock at per share, subjected to certain
adjustments. In the event the Company issues or sells any securities with an effective price or exercise or conversion price less than
the Conversion Price, the Conversion Price shall be reduced to the sale price or exercise or conversion price of the securities issued
or sold. The Certificate of Designation for the Series X Preferred Stock was filed on November 23, 2020. 

From
November 25 to December 23, 2020, the Company issued an aggregate of shares of Series X Preferred Stock for aggregate proceeds
of . Upon each issuance of Series X shares, the conversion price was less than the Company s stock price. upon issuance
of the Series X preferred shares with a increase in Discount on preferred stock and a corresponding increase in additional paid-in
capital. The preferred stock discount was amortized over 120 days commencing November 25, 2020 (the date of the initial issuance of the
Series X preferred shares), which is the maximum amount of time the Company had to conduct a stockholder vote to increase the Company s
authorized shares. Amortization of the preferred stock discount of was recognized as a deemed dividend for the year ended December
31, 2020. As of December 31, 2020, unamortized debt discount on Series X Preferred Stock was . 

. Upon each issuance of Series X shares, the conversion price was less than the Company s stock price. Accordingly, during
the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company recognized an aggregate beneficial conversion feature of upon issuance of the
Series X preferred shares with a increase in Discount on preferred stock and a corresponding increase in additional paid-in
capital. The preferred stock discount was amortized over 120 days commencing November 25, 2020 (the date of the initial issuance of the
Series X preferred shares), which is the maximum amount of time the Company had to conduct a stockholder vote to increase the Company s
authorized shares. Amortization of the preferred stock discount of was recognized as a deemed dividend for the year ended
December 31, 2021. As of December 31, 2021, unamortized debt discount on Series X Preferred Stock was . 

On
November 30, 2021 shares of the Series X Preferred Stock were redeemed for , resulting in a negative deemed dividend of
 . 

A
Certificate of Elimination of the Series X convertible preferred stock was filed on December 10, 2021. 

As
of December 31, 2022 and 2021, there were and shares, respectively, of Series X Preferred Stock outstanding. 

Series
Y 

On
December 30, 2020, the Company authorized the issuance of shares of Series Y Preferred Stock, par value per share. The Series
Y Preferred Stock has a stated value and is convertible into shares of common stock at per share, subjected to certain
adjustments. In the event the Company issues or sells any securities with an effective price or exercise or conversion price less than
the Conversion Price, the Conversion Price shall be reduced to the sale price or exercise or conversion price of the securities issued
or sold. The Certificate of Designation for the Series Y Preferred Stock was filed on December 30, 2020. 

From
December 23 to December 30, 2020, the Company issued shares of Series Y Preferred Stock, having a stated value of ,
in exchange for convertible notes payable of (net of debt discount of ), accrued interest of , and 
warrants. The exchanges resulted in a reduction of derivative liabilities related to the convertible notes and accrued interest of ,
a reduction of derivative liabilities related to the warrants of , and a net gain on settlement of . Included
in the foregoing amounts is shares of Series Y Preferred Stock, having a stated value of , issued to the Company s
Chief Financial Officer, in exchange for convertible notes of (net of debt discount of ), resulting in a loss on settlement
of . Upon each issuance of Series Y shares, the conversion price was less than the Company s stock price. Accordingly, during
the year ended December 31, 2020, the Company recognized an aggregate beneficial conversion feature of upon issuance of the
Series Y preferred shares with a increase in Discount on preferred stock and a corresponding increase in additional paid-in
capital. The preferred stock discount was amortized over 120 days commencing December 23, 2020 (the date of the initial issuance of the
Series Y preferred shares), which is the maximum amount of time the Company had to conduct a stockholder vote to increase the Company s
authorized shares. Amortization of the preferred stock discount of was recognized as a deemed dividend for the year ended
December 31, 2020. As of December 31, 2020, unamortized debt discount on Series Y Preferred Stock was . 

From
January 7 to March 23, 2021, the Company issued shares of Series Y Preferred Stock, having a stated value of , in exchange
for convertible notes payable of , accrued interest of , and warrants. The exchanges resulted in a reduction of
derivative liabilities related to the convertible notes and accrued interest of , a reduction of derivative liabilities related
to the warrants of , and a net gain on settlement of . On May 1, the Company issued shares of Series Y Preferred
Stock, having a stated value of , in exchange for a convertible note payable of and accrued interest of .
The exchange resulted in a reduction of derivative liabilities related to the convertible notes and accrued interest of , and
a net gain on settlement of . Upon each issuance of Series Y shares, the conversion price was less than the Company s stock
price. Accordingly, during the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company recognized an aggregate beneficial conversion feature of 
upon issuance of the Series Y preferred shares with a increase in Discount on preferred stock and a corresponding increase
in additional paid-in capital. The preferred stock discount was amortized over 120 days commencing December 23, 2020 (the date of the
initial issuance of the Series Y preferred shares), which is the maximum amount of time the Company had to conduct a stockholder vote
to increase the Company s authorized shares. Amortization of the preferred stock discount of was recognized as a deemed
dividend for the year ended December 31, 2021. As of December 31, 2021, unamortized debt discount on Series Y Preferred Stock was . 

On
November 30, 2021, the Series Y Preferred Stock were redeemed for , resulting in a negative deemed dividend of . 

A
Certificate of Elimination of the Series Y convertible preferred stock was filed on December 10, 2021. 

As
of December 31, 2022 and 2021, there were and shares of Series Y Preferred Stock outstanding, respectively. 

Series
Z 

On
September 30, 2021, the Company authorized the issuance of shares of Series Z Preferred Stock, par value per share. The Series
Z Preferred Stock has a stated value per share and all Series Z preferred shares, in aggregate, are convertible into 
of the issued and outstanding common shares of the Company (post conversion). The conversion rate is applicable on a pro rata basis to
each share of Series Z Preferred Stock upon conversion. This anti-dilutive conversion feature is in effect until such time an S-1 Registration
Statement is declared effective by the SEC in conjunction with a NASDAQ listing. 

in exchange for: (i) a cash
payment directly paid to the warrant holder; and (ii) the issuance of 250 Series Z Preferred Shares having a fair value of .
The note bears interest of per annum and is due within three days of the Company s next closing of equity financing of 
or more. The proceeds received were allocated to the debt and equity on a relative fair value basis. Accordingly, debt discount of 
was recognized with a corresponding increase in additional paid-in capital. Since the due date is contingent upon a future event, the
entire debt discount was amortized to interest expense immediately. 

common shares at per share entered into an agreement to cancel
the aforementioned warrants in exchange for: (i) a cash payment of received directly from the Chief Executive Officer; and
(ii) 250 Series Z Preferred Shares having a fair value of . The settlement resulted in a reduction in the derivative liability
of , an increase in non-convertible notes payable of , an increase in additional paid-in capital of and
a loss on settlement of debt of . 

The
Series Z Preferred Shares are not convertible into shares of common stock until there is sufficient authorized but unissued shares of
common stock to satisfy the conversions, thus a derivative liability was not recorded for the shares of common stock underlying the Series
Z Preferred Shares. 

On
September 9, 2022, shares of Series Z Preferred Stock were converted into shares of common stock. 

On
November 16, 2022, shares of Series Z Preferred Stock were converted into shares of common stock. 

As
of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, there were and shares of Series Z Preferred Stock issued and outstanding. 

Common
Stock 

The
Company is authorized to issue shares of common stock, par value per share. 

During
the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company issued shares of its common stock, having a fair value of , upon the conversion
of convertible notes with a principal amount of , which resulted in the reduction of of derivative liabilities and a
loss on conversion of . 

During
the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company issued shares of the Company s common stock previously recorded as to be issued
as of December 31, 2020. 

During
the year ended December 31, 2021, an investor owning shares of the Company s common stock and warrants to purchase 
common shares at per share entered into an agreement to cancel the aforementioned common shares and warrants in exchange for a
cash payment of by the Company. Accordingly, the cancelation agreement resulted in a reduction in common stock of for the
par value of the common shares, a reduction in additional paid-in capital of , and a reduction in the derivative liability of
 and a gain on settlement of . 

During
the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company awarded an aggregate of fully-vested shares of common stock, having a fair value
of , to the Chief Executive Officer for services rendered. 

During
the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company issued shares of common stock, having a fair value of for the acquisition
of Empire Services, Inc. 

During
the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company retired shares to be issued for no consideration, returning the for the
par value of the common shares to additional paid in capital. 

During
the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company issued shares of the Company s common stock previously recorded as to be issued
as of December 31, 2021. 

During
the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company issued shares of the Company s common stock for the conversion of convertible
debt in the principal amount of , together with accrued interest in the amount
of . The Company recorded gain on conversion and credited to additional
paid in capital for this conversion. 

During
the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company issued shares of common stock for the conversion of shares of Series Z Preferred
Stock. The Company credited additional paid in capital for the par value of the common shares issued in this conversion. 

As
of December 31, 2022 and 2021, there were and shares, respectively, of common stock issued and outstanding. 

Additional
Paid in Capital 

During
the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company credited additional paid in capital for a deemed dividend for the trigger of
certain price protection provisions in certain warrants upon uplisting to Nasdaq and issuance of additional warrants upon uplisting. See Note 17 Warrants . 

During
the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company credited additional paid in capital for a deemed dividend for the trigger of
certain price protection provisions in its Series Z Preferred Stock upon uplisting to Nasdaq. 

During
the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company credited additional paid in capital for the fair value of warrants issued for
the waiver of certain liquidated damages. See Note 17 Warrants . 

During
the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company credited additional paid in capital for a deemed dividend for the voluntary repricing
of certain warrants for the waiver of certain liquidated damages. See Note 17 Warrants . 

shares of Series Y preferred stock, having a stated value of , in
exchange for convertible notes payable of , accrued interest of , and warrants. The exchanges resulted in a reduction
of derivative liabilities related to the convertible notes and accrued interest of , a reduction of derivative liabilities
related to the warrants of , and a net gain on settlement of . 

During
the year ended December 31, 2021, an investor owning shares of the Company s common stock and warrants to purchase 
common shares at per share entered into an agreement to cancel the aforementioned common shares and warrants in exchange for a
cash payment of by the Company. The cancelation agreement resulted in a reduction in common stock of for the par value
of the common shares, a reduction in additional paid-in capital of , and a reduction in the derivative liability of 
and a gain on settlement of debt of . 

During
the year ended December 31, 2021, an investor owning warrants to purchase common shares at per share entered into an
agreement to cancel the aforementioned common shares and warrants in exchange for a cash payment of by the Company. Accordingly,
the cancelation agreement resulted in a reduction in the derivative liability of and a gain on settlement of . 

During
the year ended December 31, 2021, an investor owning warrants to purchase common shares at per share entered into an agreement
to cancel the aforementioned in exchange for: (i) a cash payment of received directly from the Chief Executive Officer; and
(ii) Series Z Preferred Shares having a fair value of . The settlement resulted in a reduction in the derivative liability
of , offset by a reduction in cash of , an increase in additional paid-in capital of and a loss on settlement
of debt of . 

During
the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company issued warrants to purchase shares of common stock in a placement of senior secured
debt and warrants. 

During
the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company issued warrants to purchase shares of common stock as commission for an offering. 

On
July 22, 2022, simultaneously with the listing of the Company s common stock on Nasdaq, the price protection provision in certain
warrants were triggered, resulting in the purchase price per share of warrants to purchase 
 shares of common stock being reduced from per
share to per share, in addition to the issuance of additional warrants to purchase
 shares of common stock at per
share. The Company realized a deemed dividend of as result of the repricing
of certain warrants and the issuance of additional warrants. The price protection provision in the warrants expired as a result of the
Nasdaq listing. 

On
September 12, 2022, in exchange for the waiver of certain liquidated damages due under the Registration Rights Agreement dated November
29, 2022, by and among the Company and certain of its convertible note and warrant holders party thereto, the Company reduced the exercise
price of warrants to purchase shares of common stock from per share to per share, in addition to issuing additional
warrants to purchase shares of common stock at per share. The Company realized a deemed dividend of as result
of the repricing of certain warrants and a warrant expense for liquidated damages waiver for for the issuance of new warrants. 

Granted 

Exercised 
 - 
 - 

Expired/Canceled/Exchanged 

Outstanding
 at December 31, 2021 

Granted 

Exercised 
 - 
 - 

Expired/Canceled/Exchanged 

Outstanding
 at December 31, 2022 

Exercisable
 at December 31, 2022 

- 

The
aggregate intrinsic value of outstanding stock warrants was , based on warrants with an exercise price less than the Company s
stock price of as of December 31, 2022 which would have been received by the warrant holders had those holders exercised the warrants
as of that date. 

securities under the Plans since inception, with shares
available for future issuances. The Company made no grants under the plans during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

The
Plans provide for the grant of incentive stock options to our employees and our subsidiaries employees, and for the grant of stock
options, stock bonus awards, restricted stock awards, performance stock awards and other forms of stock compensation to our employees,
including officers, consultants and directors. The Plans also provide that the grant of performance stock awards may be paid out in cash
as determined by the committee administering the Plans. 

Option
valuation models require the input of highly subjective assumptions. The fair value of stock-based payment awards was estimated using
the Black-Scholes option pricing model with a volatility figure derived from historical data. The Company accounts for the expected life
of options based on the contractual life of the options. 

There
were no options issued during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

- 
 
 Granted 
 - 

Exercised 
 - 

Forfeiture/Cancelled 
 - 

Outstanding
 at December 31, 2021 

- 
 
 Granted 
 - 

Exercised 
 - 

Forfeiture/Cancelled 
 - 

Outstanding
 at December 31, 2022 

- 
 
 Exercisable
 at December 31, 2022 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

The
aggregate intrinsic value of outstanding stock options was , based on options with an exercise price less than the Company s
stock price of as of December 31, 2022, which would have been received by the option holders had those option holders exercised
their options as of that date. 

The
fair value of all options that were vested as of the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 was and , respectively. Unrecognized
compensation expense of as of December 31, 2022 will be expensed in future periods 

to . ASC 740, Income Taxes, requires that effects of changes in tax rates to be recognized in the period
enacted. Recognizing the late enactment of the Act and complexity of accurately accounting for its impact, the Securities and Exchange
Commission in Staff Accounting Bulletin 118 provides guidance that allows registrants to provide a reasonable estimate of the Act in
their financial statements and adjust the reported impact in a measurement period not to exceed one year. 

At
December 31, 2022, the Company has available for income tax purposes of approximately in
federal in
Colorado state, and 
in Virginia state net operating loss (NOL) carry forward , that may be used
to offset future taxable income. The Company has provided a valuation reserve against the full amount of the net operating loss
benefit, since in the opinion of management based upon the earnings history of the Company; it is more likely than not that the
benefits will not be realized. Due to possible significant changes in the Company s ownership, the future use of its existing
net operating losses may be limited. All or portion of the remaining valuation allowance may be reduced in future years based on an
assessment of earnings sufficient to fully utilize these potential tax benefits. During the year ended December 31, 2021, the
Company has increased the valuation allowance from to
 . 

The
Company has adopted the provisions of ASC 740-10-25, which provides recognition criteria and a related measurement model for uncertain
tax positions taken or expected to be taken in income tax returns. ASC 740-10-25 requires that a position taken or expected to be taken
in a tax return be recognized in the financial statements when it is more likely than not that the position would be sustained upon examination
by tax authorities. 

Tax
position that meet the more likely than not threshold are then measured using a probability weighted approach recognizing the largest
amount of tax benefit that is of being realized upon ultimate settlement. The Company had no tax positions relating
to open income tax returns that were considered to be uncertain. 

Sections
382 and 383 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the Code ), provide for annual limitations on the utilization
of net operating loss and credit carryforwards if the Company were to undergo an ownership change, as defined in Section 382 of the Code.
In general, an ownership change occurs whenever the percentage of the shares of a corporation owned, directly or indirectly, by 5-percent
shareholders, as defined in Section 382 of the Code, increases by more than 50 percentage points over the lowest percentage of the shares
of such corporation owned, directly or indirectly, by such 5-percent shareholders at any time over the preceding three years. In the
event such ownership change occurs, the annual limitation may result in the expiration of the net operating losses prior to full utilization. 

The
Company is required to file income tax returns in the U.S. Federal jurisdiction and in California and Colorado. The Company is no longer
subject to income tax examinations by tax authorities for tax years ending before December 31, 2015. 

Amortization 

Depreciation 

Interest 

Change
 in Fair Market Value of Derivative Liabilities 

NOL
 Deferred Tax Asset 

Valuation
 allowance 

Total
 gross deferred tax assets 
 - 
 - 

The
Company follows ASC 740-10 for recording the provision for income taxes. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are computed based upon
the difference between the financial statement and income tax basis of assets and liabilities using the enacted marginal tax rate applicable
when the related asset or liability is expected to be realized or settled. Deferred income tax expenses or benefits are based on the
changes in the asset or liability during each period. 

If
available evidence suggests that it is more likely than not that some portion or all of the deferred tax assets will not be realized,
a valuation allowance is required to reduce the deferred tax assets to the amount that is more likely than not to be realized. Future
changes in such valuation allowance are included in the provision for deferred income taxes in the period of change. Deferred income
taxes may arise from temporary differences resulting from income and expense items reported for financial accounting and tax purposes
in different periods. 

Nondeductible
 Expenses 

State
 Income Tax, Net of Federal benefit 

Current
 Year Change in Valuation Allowance 

Prior
 Deferred True-Ups 

per month for use of an automotive shredder and downstream processing system, respectively, being
installed on those properties, increasing by 3 on January 1st of every year for the duration of the leases. On September 1, 2022, the
Company terminated the lease for its Portsmouth yard on account of the Company purchasing the land underlying the lease, reducing the
lease payment by per month. 

During
the twelve months ended December 31, 2022, the Company paid rents of to an entity controlled by the Company s Chief
Executive Officer. Additionally, during the twelve months ended December 31, 2022, the Company paid in accrued rents owed to
an entity controlled by the Company s Chief Executive Officer at December 31, 2021. As of December 31, 2022, the Company owed 
in accrued rent to an entity controlled by the Company s Chief Executive Officer. 

During
the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company purchased equipment for from an entity controlled by the spouse of the Chief Executive
Officer. During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company purchased equipment for from an entity controlled by the Chief
Executive Officer. 

During
the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company s Chief Executive Officer was reimbursed for expenses made on behalf the
Company. Further, during the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company s Chief Executive Officer advanced and 
to the Company and was repaid and , respectively. 

On
September 30, 2021, the Company authorized the issuance of shares of Series Z Preferred Stock, par value per share. The Series
Z Preferred Stock has a stated value per share and all Series Z preferred shares, in aggregate, are convertible into 
of the issued and outstanding common shares of the Company (post conversion). The conversion rate is applicable on a pro rata basis to
each share of Series Z Preferred Stock upon conversion. This anti-dilutive conversion feature is in effect until such time an S-1 Registration
Statement is declared effective by the SEC in conjunction with a NASDAQ listing. The note bears interest of per annum and is due within
three days of the Company s next closing of equity financing of or more. The proceeds received were allocated to the
debt and equity on a relative fair value basis. Accordingly, debt discount of was recognized with a corresponding increase in
additional paid-in capital. Since the due date is contingent upon a future event, the entire debt discount was amortized to interest
expense immediately. 

We
lease our scrap yard located at 22097 Brewers Neck Blvd., Carrollton, VA 23314, from DWM Properties, LLC, which is owned by our Chairman
and Chief Executive Officer, for per month. , with two five year options to extend at the
Company s election . 

We
lease our scrap yard located at 1576 Millpond Rd., Elizabeth City, NC 27909, from DWM Properties, LLC, which is owned by our Chairman
and Chief Executive Officer, for per month. , with two one year options to extend at the
Company s election . 

We
lease our scrap yard located at 130 Courtland Rd., Emporia, VA 23847, from DWM Properties, LLC, which is owned by our Chairman and
Chief Executive Officer, for 
per month. , with two five year options to extend at the Company s election . 

We
lease our scrap yard located at 623 Highway 903 N., Greenville, NC 27834, from DWM Properties, LLC, which is owned by our Chairman and
Chief Executive Officer, for per month. , with two five year options to extend at the Company s
election . 

We
lease our scrap yard located at 8952 Richmond Rd., Toano, VA 23168, from DWM Properties, LLC, which is owned by our Chairman and Chief
Executive Officer, for per month. , with two five year options to extend at the Company s
election . 

We
lease our scrap yard located at 945 NC 11N, Kelford, NC 27805, from DWM Properties, LLC, which is owned by our Chairman and Chief Executive
Officer, for per month. , with two five year options to extend at the Company s election . 

We
lease our scrap yard located at 1100 E Princess Anne Rd, Norfolk, VA 23504, from DWM Properties, LLC, which is owned by our Chairman
and Chief Executive Officer, for per month. , with two five year options to extend at the
Company s election . 

We
lease our scrap yard located at 277 Suburban Drive, Suffolk, VA 23434, from DWM Properties, LLC, which is owned by our Chairman and Chief
Executive Officer, for per month. , with two five year options to extend at the Company s
election . 

We
lease our scrap yard located at 9922 Hwy 17 S., Vanceboro, NC 28586, from DWM Properties, LLC, which is owned by our Chairman and Chief
Executive Officer, for per month. , with two five year options to extend at the Company s
election . 

We
lease our scrap yard located at 1040 Oceana Blvd, Virginia Beach, VA 23454, from DWM Properties, LLC, which is owned by our Chairman
and Chief Executive Officer, for per month. , with two five year options to extend at the
Company s election . 

We
lease our scrap yard located at 406 Sandy Street, Fairmont, NC 28340 , from DWM Properties,
LLC, which is owned by our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, for per month. , with two
five year options to extend at the Company s election . 

shares of Series Z preferred stock into shares of common stock. 

On
January 20, 2023, the Company s CEO waived his right, title, and interest to each of the four quarterly bonuses of each
due under his employment agreement in 2023. 

In January 2023, we leased a property in Chesapeake,
VA. 

In April 2023, we are opening a metal recycling facility
in Cleveland, Ohio. 

F- 40 

<EX-4.2>
 2
 ex4-2.htm

Exhibit
4.2 

DESCRIPTION
OF THE REGISTRANT S SECURITIES 

 REGISTERED
UNDER SECTION 12 OF THE EXCHANGE ACT 

General 

Greenwave
Technology Solutions, Inc. has one class of securities registered under Section 12 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended
(the Exchange Act our common stock, which is listed on The Nasdaq Stock Market, LLC under the symbol GWAV. 
References herein to we, us, our and the Company refer to Greenwave Technology
Solutions, Inc. and not to any of its subsidiaries. 

The
following description of our common stock and certain provisions of our Second Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation Certificate of Incorporation and Amended and Restated Bylaws Bylaws are summaries and are qualified
in their entirety by reference to the full text of our Certificate of Incorporation and Bylaws, each of which have been publicly
filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC ). We encourage you to read our Certificate of Incorporation
and Bylaws and the applicable provisions of the Delaware General Corporation Law (the DGCL for additional
information. 

Common
Stock 

We
are authorized to issue up to a total of 1,200,000,000 shares of common stock, par value 0.001 per share. Each share of our common stock
is entitled to one vote on all matters submitted to a vote of the stockholders. 

Voting
rights. The holders of our common stock are entitled to one vote per share on all matters submitted to a vote of stockholders. A
plurality of the votes cast is required for stockholders to elect directors. All other matters put to a stockholder vote generally
require the approval of a majority of the votes cast by the shares represented at a meeting of the stockholders, except as otherwise
provided by our Certificate of Incorporation or Bylaws or required by law. Our stockholders are not permitted to cumulative
voting. 

Dividends.
 Holders of our common stock are entitled to receive ratably such dividends, if any, as may be declared by our Board of Directors Board out of legally available funds. 

Liquidation.
 Upon liquidation, dissolution or winding-up, the holders of our common stock are entitled to share ratably in all of our assets which
are legally available for distribution, after payment of or provision for all liabilities, subject to rights, if any, of the holders
of any of our other securities. 

Preemptive,
subscription, and conversion rights . The holders of our common stock have no preemptive, subscription, redemption, or conversion
rights. 

Listing.
 Our common stock is listed on The Nasdaq Stock Market, LLC under the symbol GWAV. 

Transfer
Agent. Our transfer agent is Equity Stock Transfer, located at 237 W 37th St #602, New York, NY 10018. 

Our
common stock is subject and subordinate to any rights and preferences granted under our certificate and any rights and preferences which
may be granted to any series of preferred stock by our board pursuant to the authority conferred upon our Board under our Certificate
of Incorporation. 

Anti-Takeover
Effects of Certain Provisions of our Charter and Bylaws and the DGCL 

Delaware
Law 

We
are governed by the provisions of Section 203 of the DGCL. In general, Section 203 prohibits a publicly traded Delaware corporation from
engaging in a business combination with an interested stockholder for a period of three years after the date of the transaction in which
the person became an interested stockholder, unless the business combination is approved in a prescribed manner. A business combination
includes mergers, asset sales or other transactions resulting in a financial benefit to the stockholder. An interested stockholder is
a person who, together with affiliates and associates, owns (or within three years, did own) 15 or more of the corporation s voting
stock, subject to certain exceptions. The statute could have the effect of delaying, deferring or preventing a change in control of our
company. 

Board s
Vacancies 

Our
Bylaws authorize our Board to fill vacant directorships. In addition, the number of directors constituting our Board may be set only
by resolution of the Board. 

Advance
Notice Requirements for Stockholder Proposals and Director Nominations 

Our
Bylaws provide that stockholders seeking to bring business before a meeting of stockholders, or to nominate candidates for election
as directors at a meeting of stockholders must provide timely notice of their intent in writing. To be timely, such
stockholder s written notice must be delivered to or mailed and received by our Secretary not less than 120 calendar days nor
more than 150 calendar days before the first anniversary of the date on which we held our annual meeting of stockholders in the
immediately preceding year. However, in the case of an annual meeting of stockholders that is called for a date that is advanced by
more than 30 days or delayed by more than 60 days from the first anniversary date of the annual meeting of stockholders in the
immediately preceding year, or if no annual meeting of stockholders was held in the immediately preceding year, any such written
proposal of nomination must be received by the Board on the 150 th day prior to such annual meeting and not less
than (i) the 120 th day prior to such annual meeting or (ii) the 10th day after the date we mail notice to our
stockholders of the date that the annual meeting of stockholders will be held or we issue a press release or otherwise publicly
disseminated notice that an annual meeting of stockholders will be held and the date of the meeting. These provisions may preclude
our stockholders from bringing matters before our meeting of stockholders or from making nominations for directors at our meeting of
stockholders. 

Authorized
but Unissued Shares 

Our
authorized but unissued shares of common stock and preferred stock are available for future issuance without stockholder approval and
may be utilized for a variety of corporate purposes, including future public and private offerings to raise additional capital, acquisitions
and employee benefit plans. The existence of authorized but unissued and unreserved common stock and preferred stock could render more
difficult or discourage an attempt to obtain control of us by means of a proxy contest, tender offer, merger or otherwise. 

</EX-4.2>

<EX-21.1>
 3
 ex21-1.htm

Exhibit
21.1 

List
of Subsidiaries of Greenwave Technology Solutions, Inc. 

Empire
Services, Inc. 

 Liverman
Metal Recycling, Inc. 

 Empire
Staffing, LLC 

 Greenwave
Elite Sports Facility, Inc. 

</EX-21.1>

<EX-31.1>
 4
 ex31-1.htm

EXHIBIT
31.1 

CERTIFICATION
OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER 

 PURSUANT
TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

I,
Danny Meeks, certify that: 

1. 
 I have reviewed this Annual
 Report on Form 10-K of Greenwave Technology Solutions, Inc.; 

2. 
 Based on my knowledge,
 this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements
 made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this
 report; 

3. 
 Based on my knowledge,
 the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial
 condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. 
 The registrant s
 other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in
 Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f)
 and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a. 
 designed such disclosure
 controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material
 information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities,
 particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b. 
 designed such internal
 control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision,
 to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for
 external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c. 
 evaluated the effectiveness
 of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness
 of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d. 
 disclosed in this report
 any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent
 fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is
 reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. 
 The registrant s
 other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting,
 to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent
 function): 

a. 
 all significant deficiencies
 and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely
 affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b. 
 any fraud, whether or not
 material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over
 financial reporting. 

Dated: March 31, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/
 Danny Meeks 

Danny Meeks 

Chief
 Executive Officer 
 Principal
 Executive Officer 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 5
 ex31-2.htm

EXHIBIT
31.2 

CERTIFICATION
OF CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER 

 PURSUANT
TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

I,
Ashley Sickles, certify that: 

1. 
 I have reviewed this Annual
 Report on Form 10-K of Greenwave Technology Solutions, Inc.; 

2. 
 Based on my knowledge,
 this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements
 made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this
 report; 

3. 
 Based on my knowledge,
 the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial
 condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. 
 The registrant s
 other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in
 Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f)
 and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a. 
 designed such disclosure
 controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material
 information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities,
 particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b. 
 designed such internal
 control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision,
 to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for
 external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c. 
 evaluated the effectiveness
 of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness
 of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d. 
 disclosed in this report
 any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent
 fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is
 reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. 
 The registrant s
 other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting,
 to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent
 function): 

a. 
 all significant deficiencies
 and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely
 affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b. 
 any fraud, whether or not
 material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over
 financial reporting. 

Dated: March 31, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/
 Ashley Sickles 

Ashley Sickles 

Chief
 Financial Officer 
 Principal
 Financial Officer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 6
 ex32-1.htm

EXHIBIT
32.1 

CERTIFICATION
OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER 

 PURSUANT
TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

I,
Danny Meeks, in my capacity as Chief Executive Officer of Greenwave Technology Solutions, Inc., certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section
1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that the Annual Report on Form 10-K of Greenwave Technology
Solutions, Inc. for the year ended December 31, 2022 fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934 and that information contained in such report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition
and results of operations of Greenwave Technology Solutions, Inc. 

Dated: March 31, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/
 Danny Meeks 

Danny Meeks 

Chief
 Executive Officer 
 Principal
 Executive Officer) 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 7
 ex32-2.htm

EXHIBIT
32.2 

CERTIFICATION
OF CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER 

 PURSUANT
TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

I,
Ashley Sickles, in my capacity as Chief Financial Officer of Greenwave Technology Solutions, Inc., certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section
1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that the Annual Report on Form 10-K of Greenwave Technology
Solutions, Inc. for the year ended December 31, 2022 fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934 and that information contained in such report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition
and results of operations of Greenwave Technology Solutions, Inc. 

Dated: March 31, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/
 Ashley Sickles 

Ashley Sickles 

Chief
 Financial Officer 
 Principal
 Financial Officer) 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 9
 gwav-20221231.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 11
 gwav-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 12
 gwav-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 13
 gwav-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

