<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230301_10-K_edgar_data_1704711_0001704711-23-000008.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>14019121</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>1246600</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>2416149</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>4394956</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>3047281</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>2670594</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>15</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001704711-23-000008.hdr.sgml : 20230301
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230301163344
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001704711-23-000008
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		125
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230301
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230301

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Funko, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001704711
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	GAMES, TOYS & CHILDREN'S VEHICLES (NO DOLLS & BICYCLES) [3944]
		IRS NUMBER:				000000000
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-38274
		FILM NUMBER:		23694156

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		2802 WETMORE AVE
		CITY:			EVERETT
		STATE:			WA
		ZIP:			98201
		BUSINESS PHONE:		425-783-3616

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		2802 WETMORE AVE
		CITY:			EVERETT
		STATE:			WA
		ZIP:			98201

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001704711-23-000008.txt : 20230301

10-K
 1
 fnko-20221231.htm
 10-K

fnko-20221231 
 
 Table of Contents 

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 Washington, D.C. 20549 
 ___________________________________________________________________________________ 
 FORM 
 ___________________________________________________________________________________ 
 (Mark One) ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 
 For the fiscal year ended , 2022 
 OR TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 
 For the transition period from to 
 Commission file number: 
 ___________________________________________________________________________________ 

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 
 ___________________________________________________________________________________ (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) (Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code) 
 ) 
 (Registrant s telephone number, including area code) 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: Title of each class 
 Trading Symbol(s) Name of exchange on which registered 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: None 
 ___________________________________________________________________________________ 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes x 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes x 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. x No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). x No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. Accelerated filer Non-accelerated filer 
 Smaller reporting company 
 Emerging growth company 
 
 If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act). Yes No 
 As of June 30, 2022, the last business day of the registrant's most recently completed second quarter, the approximate market value of the registrant's common stock held by non-affiliates was million. 
 As of February 27, 2023, the registrant had shares of Class A common stock outstanding and shares of Class B common stock outstanding. 
 DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 

Table of Contents 

 INDEX Page 
 Part I 
 Item 1. 
 Business 
 4 
 Item 1A. 
 Risk Factors 
 18 
 Item 1B. 
 Unresolved Staff Comments 
 56 
 Item 2. 
 Properties 
 57 
 Item 3. 
 Legal Proceedings 
 57 
 Item 4. 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 57 
 Part II 
 Item 5. 
 Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 58 
 Item 6. 
 [Reserved] 
 60 
 Item 7. 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 61 
 Item 7A. 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 82 
 Item 8. 
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 83 
 Item 9. 
 Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 121 
 Item 9A. 
 Controls and Procedures 
 121 
 Item 9B. 
 Other Information 
 124 
 Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 125 
 Part III 
 
 Item 10. 
 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 126 
 Item 11. 
 Executive Compensation 
 126 
 Item 12. 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 126 
 Item 13. 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 127 
 Item 14. 
 Principal Accountant Fees and Services 
 127 
 Part IV 
 Item 15. 
 Exhibits 
 128 
 Item 16. 
 Form 10-K Summary 
 131 

Table of Contents 

 BASIS OF PRESENTATION 
 As used in this Annual Report on Form 10-K (this Form 10-K ), unless the context otherwise requires, references to: 
 we, us, our, the Company, Funko and similar references refer: Funko, Inc., and, unless otherwise stated, all of its direct and indirect subsidiaries, including FAH, LLC. 
 ACON refers to ACON Funko Investors, L.L.C., a Delaware limited liability company, and certain funds affiliated with ACON Funko Investors, L.L.C. (including each of the Former Equity Owners). 
 ACON Sale refers to the sale by ACON and certain of its affiliates to TCG of an aggregate of 12,520,559 shares of our Class A common stock pursuant to a Stock Purchase Agreement, dated as of May 3, 2022, by and among ACON, certain affiliates of ACON and TCG . 
 Continuing Equity Owners refers collectively to ACON Funko Investors, L.L.C., Fundamental, the Former Profits Interests Holders, certain former warrant holders and certain current and former executive officers, employees and directors and each of their permitted transferees, in each case, that own common units in FAH, LLC after our initial public offering ("IPO") and who may redeem at each of their options, their common units for, at our election, cash or newly-issued shares of Funko, Inc. s Class A common stock. 
 FAH, LLC refers to Funko Acquisition Holdings, L.L.C., a Delaware limited liability company. 
 FAH LLC Agreement refers to FAH, LLC s second amended and restated limited liability company agreement, as amended from time to time. 
 Former Equity Owners refers to those Original Equity Owners affiliated with ACON who transferred their indirect ownership interests in common units of FAH, LLC for shares of Funko, Inc. s Class A common stock (to be held by them either directly or indirectly) in connection with our IPO. 
 Former Profits Interests Holders refers collectively to certain of our directors and certain current executive officers and employees, in each case, who held existing vested and unvested profits interests in FAH, LLC pursuant to FAH, LLC s prior equity incentive plan and received common units of FAH, LLC in exchange for their profits interests (subject to any common units received in exchange for unvested profits interests remaining subject to their existing time-based vesting requirements) in connection with our IPO. 
 Fundamental refers collectively to Fundamental Capital, LLC and Funko International, LLC. 
 Original Equity Owners refers to the owners of ownership interests in FAH, LLC, collectively, prior to the IPO, which include ACON, Fundamental, the Former Profits Interests Holders and certain current and former executive officers, employees and directors. 
 Tax Receivable Agreement refers to a tax receivable agreement entered into between Funko, Inc., FAH, LLC and each of the Continuing Equity Owners and certain transferees. 
 TCG" refers to TCG 3.0 Fuji, LP . 
 1 

Table of Contents 

SPECIAL NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 
 This Annual Report on Form 10-K contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. All statements contained in this Annual Report on Form 10-K other than statements of historical fact, including statements regarding our future operating results and financial position, the expected impact of the COVID-19 pandemic and general economic and market conditions on our business, results of operations and financial condition, capital resources and our ability to generate cash to fund our operations, compliance with financial and negative covenants and related impacts to our business, our business strategy and plans, potential acquisitions, market growth and trends, demand for our products, inventory expectations and the anticipated inventory write-down, anticipated future expenses and payments and our objectives for future operations, are forward-looking statements. The words believe, may, will, estimate, continue, anticipate, intend, expect, could, would, project, plan, potentially, preliminary, likely, and similar expressions are intended to identify forward-looking statements. We have based these forward-looking statements largely on our current expectations and projections about future events and trends that we believe may affect our financial condition, results of operations, business strategy, short-term and long-term business operations and objectives, and financial needs. These forward-looking statements are subject to a number of risks, uncertainties, and assumptions, including the important factors described in this Annual Report on Form 10-K under Part II. Item 1A. Risk Factors, and in our other filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission SEC ), that may cause our actual results, performance or achievements to differ materially and adversely from those expressed or implied by the forward-looking statements. 
 Any forward-looking statements made herein speak only as of the date of this Annual Report on Form 10-K, and you should not rely on forward-looking statements as predictions of future events. Although we believe that the expectations reflected in the forward-looking statements are reasonable, we cannot guarantee that the future results, performance, or achievements reflected in the forward-looking statements will be achieved or occur. We undertake no obligation to update any of these forward-looking statements for any reason after the date of this Annual Report on Form 10-K or to conform these statements to actual results or revised expectations. 
 
 Summary of Risk Factors 
 Our business is subject to numerous risks and uncertainties, including those described in Part II, Item 1A. "Risk Factors" in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Some of the factors that could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations or prospects include, but are not limited to, the following: 
 We are subject to risks related to the operation of our business, including, but not limited to, our ability to execute our business strategy, manage our growth and our inventories, and attract and retain qualified personnel. 
 As a purveyor of licensed pop culture consumer products, we are largely dependent on content development and creation by third parties, and are subject to a number of related risks including, but not limited to, the market appeal of the properties we license and the products we create. 
 We are subject to risks related to the retail industry including, but not limited to, potential negative impacts of global and regional economic downturns, changes in retail practices, and our ability to maintain and further develop relationships with our retail customers and distributors. 
 We are subject to risks related to intellectual property, including our ability to obtain, protect and enforce our intellectual property rights and our ability to operate our business without violating the intellectual property rights of other parties. 
 Our success is dependent on our ability to manage fluctuations in our business, including fluctuations in gross margin, seasonal impacts and fluctuations due to the timing and popularity of new product releases. 
 Our substantial sales and manufacturing operations outside the United States subject us to risks associated with international operations, including, but not limited to, changes in the global trade markets, as well as fluctuations in foreign currency or tax rates. 
 2 

Table of Contents 

 Our business depends in large part on our third-party vendors, manufacturers and outsourcers, and our reputation and ability to effectively operate our business may be harmed by actions taken by these third parties outside of our control. 
 We are subject to potential legal risks including, but not limited to, ongoing securities class action litigation, future product liability suits or product recalls, or risks associated with failure to comply to the various laws and regulations to which we are subject, any of which could have a significant adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. 
 We are subject to risks related to information technology including, but not limited to, risks related to the operation of our e-commerce business, our ability to operate our information systems and our compliance with laws related to privacy and the protection of data. 
 Our indebtedness could adversely affect our financial health and competitive position, and we may not be able to secure additional financing on favorable terms, or at all, to meet our future capital needs. 
 TCG has significant influence over us, and its interests may conflict with the interests of our other stockholders. 
 There are risks related to our organizational structure, including the Tax Receivable Agreement, which confers certain benefits upon the Continuing Equity Owners that will not benefit Class A common stockholders to the same extent as it will benefit the Continuing Equity Owners. 
 There are risks associated with the ownership of our Class A common stock including, but not limited to, potential dilution by future issuances and volatility in the price of our Class A common stock. 
 3 

Table of Contents 

 PART I 
 
 ITEM 1. BUSINESS 
 Overview 
 Funko is a leading pop culture lifestyle brand . Our business is built on the belief that everyone is a fan of something, and Funko aims to have something for every fan. We create whimsical, fun and unique products that enable fans to express their affinity for their favorite something whether it is a movie, TV show, video game, musician or sports team. We infuse our distinct designs and aesthetic sensibility into our extensive portfolio of licensed content over a wide variety of product categories, including figures, bags, wallets, apparel, accessories, board games, plush, homewares, vinyl records, posters and digital non-fungible tokens ("NFTs"), which we make available at highly accessible price points. We believe we sit at the nexus of pop culture content providers value us for our ability to connect fans to their properties with our creative products and broad distribution; retailers value us for our broad portfolio of licensed pop culture products that we can curate to resonate with their consumers; and consumers value us for our distinct, stylized products and the content they represent. We believe our innovative product design and market positioning have disrupted the licensed product markets and helped to define today s pop culture products category. 
 The Pop Culture Industry 
 Pop culture encompasses virtually everything that someone can be a fan of movies, TV shows, anime, video games, music, sports, books and more. Pop culture fandom has evolved from niche communities around specific properties to having a broad presence in modern life. Today, there is more quality content than ever before and technology innovation has made that content accessible anytime, anywhere. Social media has further allowed for fans to share their love and form communities more easily than before. Everyday interactions at home, work or with friends, whether in person or through social media, are increasingly influenced by pop culture. 
 The Forces at Work in The Pop Culture Industry 
 Technology Innovation 
 The proliferation of mobile technology, and the emergence of new content distribution services have enabled fans to connect and engage with content anywhere, at any time, in larger binge quantities. An increasing array of content and greater accessibility have led to more fans spending more time per day consuming content. In addition, fans can develop a deeper affinity for content due to the increased prevalence of platforms and events where they can share their passion with other fans (such as through social media, blogs, YouTube, podcasts and online games). The accelerated pace of content discovery and sharing has created an environment where niche content can quickly become mainstream, resulting in more content becoming part of pop culture. 
 Evolution of Content 
 Content providers have increasingly focused on creating original scripted and franchise content that has broad global appeal and potential for sequels and brand extensions. Additionally, there has been an increase in high-quality scripted television series as content providers vie for binge worthy shows to attract consumers. For example, in 2022 there were nearly 600 original scripted series in the U.S., a 7 increase over 2021, according to FX networks research. We expect content providers to continue to invest in new high-quality original content. The proliferation and globalization across content types has fostered fan loyalty and stimulated licensed product purchases. 
 4 

Table of Contents 

 Dedicated and Active Fan Base 
 We believe pop culture fans possess distinguishing characteristics that make them highly valuable consumers. Like sports fans, fans of other forms of pop culture identify strongly with their favored properties, and have a natural tendency to form social communities around them. Furthermore, as it becomes increasingly easy to access a large quantity of quality content, fans seek more ways to expand and express connections to their favored characters or properties as they share their passion with others. As a result, consumers are participating in the story of these properties via social media platforms and conventions, such as Comic-Con, Anime Expo and Star Wars Celebration, rather than being solely consumers of content. By being a part of the conversation regarding their favored content, fans reinforce their love for it, thereby creating a cycle of fandom. 
 Growing Cultural Relevance 
 As pop culture engagement has increased, we believe fandom has become a pastime, and fans are more openly passionate about all forms of pop culture. Social media is driving the importance of pop culture as fans increasingly want to engage with the content across their social communities to show affinity for their favorite content. Three of the top U.S. pop culture-related conventions, including New York Comic Con, Comic Con International: San Diego and Anime Expo 2022, drew more than half a million attendees in 2022, matching pre-pandemic attendance and reaching capacity at each event location. This represents a cultural shift supporting the acceptability of fan affinity for pop culture content across all demographic categories of fans. 
 Our Strategic Differentiation 
 Deep and Extensive Licensing Partnerships 
 We have strong licensing relationships with many established content providers and strive to partner with content providers across multiple genres, including movies, television, video games, anime, sports, and music. In 2022, we had license agreements with over 250 content providers covering over 1,000 licensed properties. We believe our numerous licensing relationships have allowed us to build one of the largest portfolios of licensed property in our industry, from which we can create multiple products based on each character within those properties. Content providers trust us to create unique extensions of their intellectual property that extend the relevance of their content with consumers through ongoing engagement, helping to maximize the lifetime value of their content. We believe we have benefited from a trend of content providers consolidating their relationships to do more business with fewer licensees. As a trusted steward with a strong retail distribution network and connection with the end user, we believe we have benefited from this trend. Further, we have historically been able to renew productive licenses on commercially reasonable terms, which positions us to benefit from the ongoing desire of consumers to engage with and show affinity for their favorite pop culture content. 
 Diverse Range of Properties 
 We strive to license every pop culture property that we believe is relevant to our consumers. Over the last decade, we have built strong relationships with content providers and currently have a catalog of licenses covering hundreds of properties that we believe is one of the industry s largest. Our licensed property portfolio encompasses a diverse range of genres to ensure our products have broad consumer appeal. Many of our licensed properties are "evergreen" in nature properties that are not tied to a current or new content release, such as Mickey Mouse, Harry Potter or classic Batman. We have visibility into the new release schedule of our content providers and our expansive license portfolio allows us to dynamically manage new product creation. This allows us to adjust the mix of products based on evergreen properties and new releases, depending on the media release cycle. As a result, we can manage our business to capitalize on pop culture trends, which has allowed us to lessen our dependence on individual content releases. This allows our business to be diversified across properties, as well as evergreen and current content. 
 5 

Table of Contents 

 For the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, no single property accounted for more than 7 of our sales, and the portion of our sales for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 attributable to our top five properties was 18 , 20 and 22 , respectively. Additionally, the portion of our sales related to evergreen properties for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 was approximately 64 , 67 and 66 , respectively. 
 Broad Portfolio of Brands 
 We create products to attract a broad array of fans across consumer demographic groups. We believe our broad appeal comes from our large selection of licenses and properties that we apply across a variety of product categories and brands. We do not limit ourselves by targeting discrete demographics such as only collectors or children seeking the latest (and often short-lived) toy craze. We strive to have something for everyone by offering figures and other product categories including bags, wallets, apparel, board games, plush, accessories, homewares and more. We expect to continue to look for ways to diversify our product offerings to reach an even broader group of consumers. 
 In addition to offering multiple properties and product categories, we create and sell a variety of unique brands that have their own look and feel. Our brand portfolio includes Core Collectibles (which include Pop! Vinyl, as well as other branded lines such as Soda, Vinyl Gold, and Popsies), Loungefly (softlines including bags, wallets, backpacks and apparel) and Other (which includes our Toys and Games and emerging brands, such as Digital Pop! and Mondo). The portion of sales attributed to Core Collectible branded products in the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 was 76 , 80 and 81 , respectively. The portion of sales attributed to Loungefly branded products in the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 was 19 , 15 and 15 , respectively. The portion of sales attributable to Other branded products in the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 was 5 , 5 , and 4 . 
 Broad Consumer Appeal and Engagement 
 Fans are increasingly looking for ways to express their affinity for and engage with their favorite pop culture content. Over time, many of our consumers evolve from occasional buyers to more frequent purchasers, whom we categorize as enthusiasts or collectors. We estimate that enthusiasts, who are more engaged in pop culture, and collectors, who regularly purchase our products and self-identify as collectors, each make up approximately one-third of our consumers. We create products to appeal to a broad array of fans across consumer demographic groups. Although we have recently increased our prices, we strive to keep our products at an accessible price point, generally under 15 for our figures, which allows our fans to express their fandom frequently and impulsively. We continue to introduce innovative products designed to facilitate fan engagement across different price points and categories. Our fans routinely express their passion for our products and brands through social media and live pop culture events, such as Comic-Con or our own Funko events. Additionally, we seek to drive direct engagement with our fans through in person experiences at our flagship retail stores and fan events, as well as digitally through our websites, mobile application and various social media platforms. We believe we have one of the largest and most engaged fan bases in our industry, driven by their passion and love of our unique products and the properties we represent. 
 Diversified Global Distribution Network 
 We sell our products through a diverse network of retail customers across multiple retail channels, including specialty retailers, mass-market retailers, and e-commerce sites, as well as directly to consumers primarily through our owned websites and two flagship retail stores. We can provide our retail customers a customized product mix designed to appeal to their consumer bases. Our key retail partners in the United States include Amazon, GameStop, Hot Topic, Target and Walmart. Internationally, we sell our products directly to similar retailers, primarily in Europe, through our subsidiary Funko UK, Ltd. Our key international retail customers include Amazon, GameStop, and Fnac. We believe some of our retail customers, such as Target and Walmart, view us as pop culture experts, and we help them manage their pop culture category. We believe we drive meaningful traffic to our retail customers stores because our products have their own built-in fan base, are refreshed regularly creating a treasure hunt shopping experience for consumers, and are often supplemented with exclusive, limited-time products that are highlighted on social media. We believe these merchandising strategies create a sense of urgency with consumers that encourages repeat visits to our retail customers. 
 6 

Table of Contents 

 Additionally, we are continuing to invest in our direct-to-consumer channel to expand our reach and further strengthen our relationship with our fan base. Our direct-to-consumer channel includes our own e-commerce websites in the U.S. and Europe as well as our two flagship retail stores located in the U.S. We also recently launched a co-branded store, Tha Dogg House, in Inglewood, California and a secondary market resale channel directly through eBay. 
 Leading Design and Creative Capabilities 
 Our in-house creative team layers our own whimsical, fun and distinct stylization onto content providers characters, creating unique products for which there is substantial consumer demand. We believe content providers trust us with their properties, and consumers passionately engage with our products and brands because of our creativity. In addition, our creativity and designs allow us to reinvigorate classic evergreen content by infusing a fresh, unique aesthetic into characters that enjoy enduring passion and nostalgia from fans. With the help of our in-house creative team, we have also begun to develop our own proprietary intellectual property as well as various non-licensed board games. As a result of our creative capabilities and broad portfolio of licenses, we create a substantial number of new products each year. 
 Growth Strategies 
 Grow our Core Pop Culture Business 
 We intend to grow our core business by utilizing our strength in building fun, creative and nostalgic programs at retail through: (1) leveraging an increasing array of content, categories and distribution; (2) creating programs that utilize evergreen content with a focus on targeting underpenetrated content genres to expand our addressable market; and (3) continued product innovation to bring new designs and products to market. 
 We also intend to continue licensing content that will allow us to capitalize on the popularity of current releases across movies, TV shows, video games, and other content types, and to leverage those licenses across a broader array of products and expanded distribution to reach new consumers. 
 We have the ability to leverage evergreen or back catalog content by creating fun, whimsical and nostalgic programs to be sold at retail that resonate with fans. Our evergreen programs include new versions of well-known characters such as our Marvel Venomized line or, products built around nostalgic content or places such as Disney theme parks. 
 Additionally, we intend to strategically focus on growing within genres that we believe we have underpenetrated, such as anime, sports and music. We expect to do this by expanding our license portfolio, creating new products or designs that resonate with fans and strategically expanding our distribution of these products. Within anime, we continue to add new license relationships with multiple new properties. In the sports category, we are continuing to leverage our broad range of sports licenses. In 2021, we launched Funko Gold, which is initially focused on sports and music figures in a head-to-toe stylized look. Additionally, within the music category, we are expanding our license base to include more artists for Pop! Albums, a product line introduced in 2020 under the Pop! brand that seeks to appeal to music fans by recreating iconic covers of music albums, as well as entering new product categories such as limited edition vinyl records through our 2022 acquisition of Mondo Collectibles, LLC (f/k/a Mondo Tees Buyer, LLC). 
 We expect to continue to utilize our in-house creative team to create new designs, products and brands that resonate with our core consumers. 
 7 

Table of Contents 

 Diversify our Revenue Streams through Product Innovation 
 We are leveraging Funko s pop culture platform to diversify our revenue streams across product categories, channels and geographies. In addition to designing products to address both new and evergreen content, we have introduced new toy lines, board games and softlines to leverage our existing retail partnerships and open up potential new channels of distribution. We also continually evaluate product innovations and potential acquisition targets to complement our existing product categories, lines and brands. For example, in 2017, we completed the acquisition of Loungefly, LLC Loungefly ), a designer of a variety of licensed pop culture fashion handbags, small leather goods and accessories, to expand and diversify our product offerings in our accessories category (the Loungefly Acquisition ). In 2019, we acquired Forrest-Pruzan Creative LLC, a leading board game development studio, to help us expand our product offerings into the board game category and to develop the Funko Games brand. In 2021, we launched, through our acquisition of the majority interest in TokenWave, LLC, the Company's first NFTs. These exclusive digital card packs are currently sold on the WAX blockchain platform and have often sold out in a matter of minutes, with residual buyers still waiting in the queue. In 2022, we acquired Mondo Collectibles, LLC (f/k/a Mondo Tees Buyer, LLC), to help us expand into high-end collectibles, posters and vinyl records. 
 Extend Funko s International Reach 
 We believe the rise of pop culture and deep fan loyalty are global. We believe our sales are currently underpenetrated internationally as we generate the majority of our net sales in the United States. Sales generated from customers outside of the United States accounted for approximately 27 , 28 and 25 of our sales for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. We are continuing to invest in the growth of our international business, primarily in Europe, both directly and through third party distributors. In 2020, we launched our own e-commerce website in Europe, www.funkoeurope.com, which initially served the U.K., Ireland, Spain, Germany, France and Italy, and has since expanded into twenty-three additional countries throughout Europe. We believe there are opportunities to further grow our sales in other regions, such as Latin America, Canada, Oceania and APAC, by expanding our direct sales to retailers or through distributor relationships. 
 Increase our Direct-to-Consumer Business 
 We view our direct-to-consumer business, which includes our e-commerce websites, www.funko.com, www.funkoeurope.com, www.loungefly.com, and www.mondoshop.com and two flagship retail stores, as a significant growth opportunity and an important vehicle for expanding our reach and broadening our relationship with our fans. We plan to build a robust online platform and to enhance our digital capabilities to provide the infrastructure to scale this business over the long-term. In 2020, we relaunched www.funko.com with an expanded product offering, and enhanced features and functionality to serve our customers in the U.S., and also launched www.funkoeurope.com to serve our customers in the UK and several countries in Europe. We are also planning to launch a website platform in 2023 that will consolidate our brands under one online shopping cart. Our direct-to-consumer strategy also provides us with an opportunity to utilize data and trend analysis to inform our overall business strategy. We believe our direct-to-consumer business will help us strengthen our connection with our fans, deepen consumer engagement to drive customer lifetime value, build brand awareness with new audience segments, and support our retail customers. 
 Product Lines and Licenses 
 We sell a broad array of licensed pop culture consumer products featuring characters from an extensive range of media and entertainment content, including movies, TV shows, video games, music and sports. Our products combine our proprietary brands and distinct designs and aesthetic sensibilities into properties we license from content providers. We seek to license content that will allow us to capitalize on the popularity of current movies, TV shows, video games, music and other content releases, as well as classic evergreen properties, which are not tied to a current or new release, and which are less subject to pop culture trends. Additionally, by utilizing our in-house creative team we have the ability to develop our own content and intellectual property as well as various board game offerings. Our current products are principally figures, fashion accessories, apparel, board games, plush products, accessories, homewares, vinyl records and NFTs. 
 8 

Table of Contents 

 Our Brands and Designs 
 Under the Funko brand, we have multiple proprietary brands under which most of our products are marketed. Currently, our principal proprietary brands include Pop! and Loungefly. 
 Pop!, introduced in 2010, is our most well-recognized brand. The Pop! Vinyl stylized design incorporates a rounded square head that typically consists of no mouth and a very simple nose. Our standard Pop! Vinyl figure stands about four inches tall. The Pop! brand has also been applied across many of our other product categories, including games, plush, accessories, apparel and homewares. Core Collectible branded products, which include Pop! Vinyl, represented 76 , 80 and 81 of our sales in 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 Our Loungefly branded products are generally fashion accessories including stylized handbags, backpacks, wallets, clothing, and other accessories. Loungefly branded products represented 19 , 15 and 15 in 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 Other brands we market under include Mystery Minis, Paka Paka, and Popsies. In addition, we also develop product lines that we market under the broader Funko brand, such as Funko Games, Funko action figures, Funko Soda, Funko Plush, and Funko Gold product lines. In 2022, we completed our acquisition of Mondo Collectibles, a boutique collectibles brand specializing in limited addition vinyl records and art prints, as well as high-end collectibles. We expect to continue to develop new product designs and lines, which may develop into proprietary brands in the future. 
 Our Licenses 
 Licensors. We have strong licensing relationships with many established content providers and seek to establish new licensing relationships with content providers in order to capitalize on new and emerging trends in pop culture. We believe we also provide value to content providers by maximizing the lifetime value of their content by extending its relevance to consumers through ongoing fan engagement. 
 License Agreements . Our license agreements permit us to use the intellectual property of our licensors in connection with the products we design and sell. These license agreements typically provide that our licensors own intellectual property rights in the products we design and sell under the license, and as a result, upon termination of the license, we no longer have the right to sell these products. A number of these license agreements relate to properties that are significant to our business and operations. Our license agreements typically have terms of between two and three years and are not automatically renewable. However, we believe we have strong relationships with our licensors, and have historically been able to renew productive licenses on commercially reasonable terms. 
 Our license agreements require us to make royalty payments to the licensor based on our sales of the licensed product and, in some cases, require us to incur other charges. For the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, the average royalty rate was 16.1 , 15.7 and 16.1 , respectively. Our royalty expense for any given year will vary depending on the mix of products and properties sold during that year. For the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, we incurred royalty expenses of 213.1 million, 161.6 million and 105.0 million, respectively. Our licenses are generally not exclusive. In addition, the rights that licensors grant to us are typically limited to specific properties, product categories, territories and, in some cases, sales channels. 
 In addition, our license agreements usually require us to obtain the licensor s approval of products we develop under the license prior to making any sales. They also typically provide for a minimum guarantee that covers all licensed properties under that license agreement, a portion of which is generally required to be paid in advance, and the amount of which is negotiated based on a variety of factors, including past and expected sales and the licensor s expected line-up of new releases. Historically, we have a strong track record for meeting minimum guarantees under our license agreements. For the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, we recorded reserves of 0.8 million, 0.7 million and 1.0 million, respectively, related to prepaid royalties we estimated would not be recovered through sales. 
 9 

Table of Contents 

 For the year ended December 31, 2022, 13 of sales were related to the Company's largest license agreement, with no other license agreement accounting for more than 10 of sales. For the year ended December 31, 2021, 26 of sales were related to the Company s two largest license agreements (13 each) with no other license agreements accounting for more than 10 of sales. For the year ended December 31, 2020, 12 and 11 of sales were related to the Company s two largest license agreements with no other license agreements accounting for more than 10 of sales. 
 Licensed Properties. We strive to license every pop culture property that we believe is relevant to consumers. What we consider to be a property will vary based on the terms of the underlying license agreement. In general, we consider each content title to constitute a single property. In some instances, however, a property may consist of an entire franchise or even a single character, particularly in our classic evergreen category. We primarily divide our licensed properties between classic evergreen and current or new releases. We also license certain properties that fall outside of these main categories. 
 Classic Evergreen. Properties in the classic evergreen category are based on movies, TV shows, video games, music, sports or other entertainment content that is not tied to a new or current release at the time we release the product. As a result, products that we design and sell based on these properties generally do not have a defined duration of market demand. Examples of our classic evergreen properties include Star Wars Classic, Harry Potter, DC Comics, Marvel Comics, Pok mon and WWE. 
 Current Releases. Properties in the current release category typically are tied to new movie releases, current television series or new video game titles. These properties are intended to capitalize on the excitement of fans surrounding the launch of new content. Products that we design and sell based on new movie releases are expected to have a limited duration of market demand, depending on the popularity of the title. Examples of new movie releases are Doctor Strange and Jurassic World 3. Additionally, products that we design and sell based on current television series or new video game titles are expected to have a market demand depending on the popularity and longevity of the title, which is generally expected to be multiple years. Examples of our current TV and video game properties include The Mandalorian, Dragon Ball Z, Naruto, My Hero Academia, and Stranger Things. Examples of our current video game properties are Fortnite, Overwatch and Five Nights at Freddy s. 
 We expect these categories and the properties they encompass to evolve over time as current content becomes classic evergreen and as new forms of pop culture content emerge. The percent of our sales attributable to classic evergreen and current releases may fluctuate in any given year based on the number and popularity of new content releases. 
 Product Design and Development 
 We believe our creative product designs and nimble speed to market are key reasons why content providers trust us with their properties and consumers passionately engage with our brands and products. We leverage our creative, art and sculpting teams to design and develop products in-house from inception to production. Our creative team layers our whimsical, fun and unique style onto the content we license to create product designs that resonate with consumers. Additionally, from time to time our creative team will develop new styles and products based on our own intellectual property. Our creative team is passionate about pop culture, and we believe we have a strong pipeline of talent given our culture and the opportunity we provide to work with the most relevant pop culture content. Our designers often work collaboratively with content providers in advance of new content releases to create unique, stylized products (both physical and digital) to maximize the value of their properties. 
 Our product development team oversees all aspects of new product development in order to ensure a timely product design and development process, including submitting the initial design to the content provider for approval, developing the product prototype, receiving final content provider approval and coordinating manufacturing with our supply chain team and third-party manufacturers. Our flexible and low-fixed cost production model enables us to move from product design of a figure to shipping, with a minimal upfront investment for most figures of 5,000 to 7,500 in tooling, molds and internal design costs. Because of the strength of our in-house creative team, we are able to move from product design to pre-selling a new product in as few as 24 hours. 
 10 

Table of Contents 

 Manufacturing and Materials 
 Our products are produced by third-party manufacturers primarily in Vietnam and China, which we choose on the basis of performance, capacity, capability and price. We also manufacture or assemble certain apparel and other products in the United States, Mexico and Cambodia. The use of third-party manufacturers enables us to avoid incurring fixed manufacturing costs, while maximizing flexibility, capacity and capability. Though our manufacturing base has diversified over time as we have grown our sales and expanded our product offerings, we have historically concentrated production with a small number of manufacturers and factories as part of a continuing effort to monitor quality, reduce manufacturing costs and ensure speed to market. In the case of most of the factories in which our products are manufactured, our products represent a significant percentage of each factory s total capacity, which we believe provides us greater flexibility in supply chain management. We do not have long-term contracts with our manufacturers. We believe that alternative sources of supply are available to us although we cannot be assured that we can obtain adequate supplies of manufactured products on a timely basis or at all. 
 We base our production schedules for products on our internal forecasts, taking into account historical trends of similar products and properties, current market information and communications with customers. The accuracy of our forecasts is affected by consumer acceptance of our products, which is typically based on the strength and popularity of the underlying licensed property, the strength of competing products, the marketing strategies of retailers, changes in buying patterns of both our retail customers and our consumers, timing of delivery of products and overall economic conditions. Unexpected changes in these factors could result in a lack of product availability or excess inventory of a particular product. 
 Although we do not conduct the day-to-day manufacturing of our products, we are responsible for designing both the product and the packaging. We seek to ensure quality control by actively reviewing the product, both in-house and via image at multiple stages in development and sample finished goods to validate the quality control process. In addition to quality control testing, safety testing of our products is done by independent third-party testing laboratories. 
 While we purchase finished products from our manufacturers, the cost of our products is impacted by the cost of labor, as well as the cost, timing and/or availability of the principal raw materials used in the production and sale of our products, including vinyl, fabric, ceramics and plastics. All of these materials are readily available but may be subject to significant fluctuations in price or delays in shipping to the factories as a result of global capacity constraints. Although we do not manufacture our products, we own most of the tools and molds used in the manufacturing process, and generally these are transferable among manufacturers if we choose to employ alternative manufacturers. 
 Sales 
 We sell our products to a diverse network of customers throughout the world as well as directly to our consumers primarily through our own websites and two flagship retail stores. Domestically, we sell our products to specialty retailers, mass-market retailers and e-commerce sites. Our key retail partners in the United States include Amazon, GameStop, Hot Topic, Target and Walmart. Internationally, we sell our products directly to similar retailers, primarily in Europe, through our subsidiary Funko UK, Ltd. Our key international retail customers include Amazon, GameStop, and Fnac. In addition to major retailers, we also sell our products to distributors for sale to specialized retailers in the United States and in certain countries internationally, typically where we do not currently have a direct presence. 
 We also sell our products directly to consumers through our e-commerce business, two flagship retail stores and, to a lesser extent, at specialty licensing and comic book shows, conventions and exhibitions in cities throughout the United States, including at Comic-Con events. Our direct-to-consumer sales accounted for approximately 11 , 11 and 8 of our sales for 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. Though our direct-to-consumer efforts have historically represented a small portion of our net sales, we intend to increase our focus on these efforts in the future. In 2020, we relaunched www.funko.com with an expanded product offering, and enhanced features and functionality, to serve our customers in the U.S., and we also launched www.funkoeurope.com to serve customers in the UK and several countries in Europe. We are also planning to launch a website platform in 2023 that will consolidate our brands under one online shopping cart. 
 11 

Table of Contents 

 We believe we have a diverse customer base, with our top ten customers representing approximately 44 , 45 and 48 , of our 2022, 2021, and 2020 sales, respectively. No single customer accounted for over 10 of revenues during these periods. 
 We maintain a full-time sales staff, many of whom make on-site visits to our customers for the purpose of showing products and soliciting orders. Many of our retail customers view us as experts in pop culture and, in some cases, we help manage their growing pop culture category within their stores, providing a curated experience by catering to their particular customer bases. We believe this creates a mutually beneficial relationship between us and our retail customers by providing us with an opportunity to enhance the productivity of the pop culture category within their stores, which may also result in expanded shelf space for our products. In addition to our full-time sales staff, we also retain several independent sales representatives to sell and promote our products both domestically and internationally. 
 We sell our products to our customers with payment terms typically varying from 30 to 90 days. We contract the manufacture of most of our products to third-party unaffiliated manufacturers primarily located in Vietnam, China and Mexico and ship those products to our warehouse or third-party logistics facilities in the United States, the United Kingdom and the Netherlands. While most of our sales originate in the United States and the United Kingdom from inventory we hold in our warehouses and third-party logistics locations, certain of our customers may take title to our products upon shipment from the factory or at the port. 
 We establish reserves for sales allowances, including promotional and other allowances, at the time of sale. The reserves are determined as a percentage of sales based upon either historical experience or upon estimates or programs agreed upon by our customers and us. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, we had reserves for sales allowances of 57.3 million and 40.6 million, respectively. 
 Marketing 
 We believe Funko s trendsetting and nostalgia-based product assortment is a unique voice in the pop culture marketplace, and that our expansive retailer presence, high engagement rates across our owned channels, and devout fan base create fervor for the Funko brand. Our ability to effectively engage with our customers has resulted in a deep affinity for Funko and our products. 
 Funko continues to acquire new fans through high profile social media sites such as Facebook, Twitter, Instagram, TikTok and YouTube. As of December 31, 2022, Funko s Twitter handle, @OriginalFunko, had over one million followers. We continue to expand our reach globally through our compelling content, events and personal engagement with our fan base. For example, in 2019 we opened a 40,000-square foot retail-tainment experience on Hollywood Boulevard in Los Angeles, California to further increase our brand presence and create additional opportunities to engage with our fan base. We also plan to develop and implement new marketing programs aimed at driving traffic to our websites and new customer acquisition targeted to specific products and properties. 
 Competition 
 We are a worldwide leader in the design, manufacture and marketing of licensed pop culture and other products, in a highly competitive industry. We compete with toy, board game and fashion accessory companies across our product categories, some of which have substantially more resources, stronger name recognition, and longer operating histories than us, and which benefit from greater economies of scale. We also increasingly compete with large toy and board game companies for shelf space at leading mass market and other retailers. We also compete with numerous smaller domestic and foreign collectible toy, board game and fashion accessory designers and manufacturers across our product categories. Our competitive advantage is based primarily on the creativity and quality of the design of our products, our price points, our broad consumer appeal, our license portfolio and our ability to bring new products to market quickly. 
 We produce most of our products under trademarks and copyrights that we own, utilizing the intellectual property of our licensors. Certain of our licensors have reserved the rights to manufacture, distribute and sell similar or identical products. Some of these products could directly compete with our products and could be sold to our customers or directly to consumers at lower prices than those at which our products are sold. 
 12 

Table of Contents 

 Although we believe we have one of the largest portfolios of licensed content in the pop culture industry, with strong relationships with many of our licensors, we must vigorously compete to obtain these licenses from leading content providers on commercially reasonable terms, and to expand our license rights into additional licensed product categories. This competition is based primarily on the creativity of our product designs, our ability to bring new products to market quickly, our ability to increase fan engagement, the breadth of our sales channels and the quality of our products. See Item 1A, Risk Factors. 
 Intellectual Property 
 We believe that our trademarks, copyrights and other intellectual property rights have significant value and are important to the marketing of our brand and the favorable perception of our products. We track our trademark registrations to ensure that marks used in commerce are renewed and maintained to prevent expiration of trademark rights. As of December 31, 2022, we owned approximately 106 registered U.S. trademarks, 247 registered international trademarks, 31 pending U.S. trademark applications and 94 pending international trademark applications. Most of our products are produced and sold under trademarks owned by or licensed to us. We register many of our trademarks related to our brands and seek protection under the trademark and copyright laws of the United States and other countries where our products are produced or sold. These intellectual property rights can be significant assets. Accordingly, while we believe we are sufficiently protected, the failure to obtain or the loss of some of these rights could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. See Item 1A, Risk Factors. 
 Government Regulation 
 Our products sold in the United States are subject to the provisions of multiple statues, including the Consumer Product Safety Act CPSA ), the Federal Hazardous Substances Act FHSA ), the Consumer Product Safety Improvement Act of 2008 CPSIA and the Flammable Fabrics Act FFA ), and the regulations promulgated pursuant to such statutes. These statutes and the related regulations ban from the market any consumer products that fail to comply with applicable product safety laws, regulations, and standards. The Consumer Product Safety Commission may require the recall, repurchase, replacement, or repair of any such banned products or products that otherwise create a substantial risk of injury and may seek penalties for regulatory noncompliance under certain circumstances. Similar laws exist in some U.S. states and our products sold worldwide are subject to the provisions of similar laws and regulations in many jurisdictions, including Canada, Australia, Europe and Asia. 
 We maintain a quality control program to help ensure compliance with applicable product safety requirements. We use independent third-party laboratories that employ testing and other procedures intended to maintain compliance with the CPSA, the FHSA, the CPSIA, the FFA, other applicable domestic and international product standards, as well as our own standards and those of some of our larger retail customers and licensors. Nonetheless, there can be no assurance that our products are or will be hazard free, and we may in the future experience issues in products that result in recalls, withdrawals, or replacements of products. A product recall could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition, depending on the product affected by the recall and the extent of the recall efforts required. A product recall could also negatively affect our reputation and the sales of other Funko products. See Item 1A, Risk Factors. 
 In relation to our sales and marketing activities, we are subject to various consumer protection rules and regulations promulgated and/or enforced by various federal and state regulators such as the U.S. Federal Trade Commission, and state attorneys general as well as non-U.S. regulatory authorities that relate to advertising, product delivery and other consumer-facing practices. In addition, our online products and services, including our e-commerce and digital communications activities, are or may be subject to U.S. and non-U.S. data privacy and cybersecurity laws, such as the U.S. Children s Online Privacy Protection Act, the California Consumer Privacy Protection Act CCPA ), and the EU/UK General Data Protection Regulation GDPR ). 
 We are subject to various other federal, state, local and international laws and regulations applicable to our business, including export controls, and have established processes for compliance with these laws and regulations. 
 13 

Table of Contents 

 Human Capital 
 Our workforce is critical to our success. We seek out employees who are passionate about pop culture, our products and our business, and who can help us build strong relationships with our partners, customers, fans and local communities. Pop culture changes constantly, and we look to build teams that are nimble and can execute in our fast-paced environment. We strive to foster a sense of community with our employees and make the workplace fun despite the demands of our rapidly changing business. We believe our passion for pop culture of all forms is reflected in our fans around the world. We believe that fully serving those fans requires a diverse and inclusive workforce. We have implemented programs to advance these principles and embrace the opportunity to work with people of diverse backgrounds and perspectives. 
 In addition to offering market competitive salaries and wages, we offer comprehensive health and 401(k) benefits to eligible employees. Our core benefits packages are supplemented with specific programs centered around voluntary benefits, paid time away from work and employee physical and mental well-being. 
 As of December 31, 2022, we employed 1,466 full-time employees. We employed 1,223 people in North America, 220 people in Europe and 23 people in Asia. None of our employees are represented by a labor union or are party to a collective bargaining agreement, and we have had no labor-related work stoppages. We believe that we have good relationships with our employees. 
 Seasonality 
 While our customers in the retail industry, and many of our competitors, typically operate in highly seasonal businesses, we have historically experienced only moderate seasonality in our business. For the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 approximately 53 , 59 and 64 , respectively, of our net sales were made in the third and fourth quarters, as our customers build up their inventories in anticipation of the holiday season. The revenue distribution for the year ended December 31, 2020 was in part due to the COVID-19 pandemic, rather than typical seasonality, as we experienced weakened demand for our products in the first half of the year ended December 31, 2020, which had a negative impact on our net sales for the same period. 
 Generally, the first quarter of the year represents the lowest volume of shipments and sales in our business and in the retail and toy industries generally, and it is also the least profitable quarter due to the various fixed costs of the business. However, the rapid growth we have experienced in recent years may have masked the full effects of seasonal factors on our business to date, and as such, seasonality may have a greater effect on our results of operations in future periods. See Item 1A, Risk Factors. 
 14 

Table of Contents 

 Information about our Executive Officers and Board of Directors 
 The following table provides information regarding our executive officers and members of our board of directors (ages as of March 1, 2023): Name Age 
 Position(s) 
 Brian Mariotti 
 55 Chief Executive Officer, Director Andrew Perlmutter 
 45 President, Director Steve Nave 52 Chief Financial Officer and Chief Operating Officer Tracy Daw 
 57 Chief Legal Officer and Secretary Andy Oddie 50 Chief Revenue Officer Charles Denson 
 66 Chairman of the Board of Directors Diane Irvine 
 64 Director 
 Sarah Kirshbaum Levy 52 Director 
 Michael Lunsford 
 55 Director 
 Jesse Jacobs 47 Director 
 Richard Paul 42 Director 
 Trevor Edwards 60 Director 
 
 Executive Officers 
 Brian Mariotti has served as Funko, Inc.'s Chief Executive Officer since December 2022 as well as from April 2017 to January 2022 and has been a member of the Funko, Inc board of directors since its formation in April 2017. Mr. Mariotti served as Funko, Inc.'s Chief Creative Officer from January 2022 to December 2022. Prior to the formation of Funko, Inc. Mr. Mariotti served as the Chief Executive Officer of FAH, LLC and as a member of FAH, LLC's board of directors since October 2015, and as Chief Executive Officer of FHL and as a member of FHL's board of directors since May 2013. Mr. Mariotti acquired the Company with a small group of investors in 2005. We believe Mr. Mariotti s knowledge of the pop culture industry and many years of experience as our Chief Executive Officer make him well-qualified to serve as a member of our board of directors. 
 Andrew Perlmutter has served as Funko, Inc. s President since December 2022 as well as from October 2017 to January 2022 and as a member of the Funko, Inc board of directors since December 2022. Mr. Perlmutter served as Funko Inc.'s Chief Executive Officer from January 2022 to December 2022. Mr. Perlmutter was the Senior Vice President of Sales of FAH, LLC from June 2013 to October 2017. Prior to joining Funko, Mr. Perlmutter was a co-founder of Bottle Rocket Collective, a board and travel games company, where he oversaw product manufacturing and sales from December 2012 until December 2013. Mr. Perlmutter received a B.A. in Interpersonal Communications from Southern Illinois University. We believe Mr. Perlmutter s knowledge of the pop culture industry and many years of experience as our President make him well-qualified to serve as a member of our board of directors. 
 Steve Nave has served as Funko, Inc. s Chief Financial Officer and Chief Operating Officer since February 2023, and prior to that had served as an operations consultant to the Company since November 2022. Mr. Nave has served as Founding Member of Kingsley-Malta Capital, a family investment fund focused on venture capital and private equity investments, from April 2019. Mr. Nave served as President and Chief Executive Officer of Bluestem Brands, Inc. Bluestem from December 2012 to February 2018, as well as an advisor to Bluestem from February 2018 to November 2019. Mr. Nave also served in various leadership roles of increasing seniority at Walmart.com, including as Chief Executive Officer from January 2010 to August 2011, Chief Operating Officer from March 2006 to January 2010 and Chief Financial Officer from September 2000 to March 2006. Mr. Nave has served on a number of private and public company boards of directors, including PetWellClinic (June 2020 to present), XD Coffee USA (January 2020 to present), and Libbey Inc. (formerly NYSE American:LBY; May 2017 to July 2022). Mr. Nave received his Bachelor of Science in Accounting from Oklahoma State University. 
 15 

Table of Contents 

 Tracy Daw has served as Funko, Inc. s Chief Legal Officer and Secretary since March 2022 and as the Senior Vice President and General Counsel of FAH, LLC since July 2016. Previously, Mr. Daw served as Senior Vice President, General Counsel and Secretary from Funko Inc.'s formation in April 2017 to March 2022. Mr. Daw served as the General Counsel of INRIX, Inc. from April 2012 until July 2016, where he was responsible for global legal affairs, with emphasis on corporate and intellectual property matters. He also previously served in various roles at RealNetworks, Inc. from February 2000 until April 2012, including as Senior Vice President, Chief Legal Officer and Corporate Secretary, where he managed the company s global legal affairs and corporate development efforts. From 1990 to 2000, Mr. Daw was a member of the law firm of Sidley Austin LLP, where he was a partner. Mr. Daw received a J.D. from the University of Michigan Law School and a B.S. in Industrial and Labor Relations from Cornell University. 
 Andy Oddie has served as Chief Revenue Officer since May 2022. Prior to his appointment as Chief Revenue Officer, he served as Managing Director, EMEA, since joining the company in January 2017. Mr. Oddie has over 25 years experience in selling, manufacturing and marketing pop culture merchandise, and has held active board positions at key companies in the sector such as Forbidden Planet International, Forbidden Planet New York and Underground Toys Limited. He founded both Underground Toys and Forbidden Planet Home Shopping, giving him a unique insight across the key categories and properties that Funko creates and sells. During his tenure as Managing Director of Underground Toys, he sourced and oversaw the company s manufacturing base in the Far East, as well as building the sales of the business to over 70 million. Underground Toys Limited was acquired by Funko in early 2017. 
 Directors 
 Charles Denson has served on the board of directors of Funko, Inc. since its formation in April 2017, and on the board of directors of FAH, LLC since June 2016. Mr. Denson has served as the President and Chief Executive Officer of Anini Vista Advisors, an advisory and consulting firm, since March 2014. From February 1979 until January 2014, Mr. Denson held various positions at NIKE, Inc., where he was appointed to several management roles, including, in 2001, President of the NIKE Brand, a position he held until January 2014. Mr. Denson also serves on the board of directors of several privately held organizations. Mr. Denson received a B.A. in Business from Utah State University. We believe Mr. Denson s extensive experience in brand building, brand management and organizational leadership in the public company context makes him well-qualified to serve as the Chairman of our board of directors. 
 Diane Irvine has served on the board of directors of Funko, Inc. and FAH, LLC since August 2017. Ms. Irvine previously served as Chief Executive Officer of Blue Nile, Inc., an online retailer of diamonds and fine jewelry, from February 2008 until November 2011, as President from February 2007 until November 2011, and as Chief Financial Officer from December 1999 until September 2007. From February 1994 until May 1999, Ms. Irvine served as Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of Plum Creek Timber Company, Inc., and from September 1981 until February 1994, she worked at accounting firm Coopers Lybrand LLP in various capacities, most recently as partner. Ms. Irvine currently serves on the boards of directors of Farfetch Limited (on whose board she has served since August 2020), Yelp Inc. (on whose board she has served since November 2011), and D.A. Davidson Companies (on whose board she has served since January 2018). She previously served on the boards of directors of Casper Sleep Inc. from August 2019 to January 2022, XO Group Inc. from November 2014 to December 21, 2018, Rightside Group Ltd. from August 2014 until July 2017, CafePress, Inc. from July 2012 until May 2015, and Blue Nile, Inc. from May 2001 until November 2011. Ms. Irvine received an M.S. in Taxation and a Doctor of Humane Letters from Golden Gate University, and a B.S. in Accounting from Illinois State University. We believe Ms. Irvine s extensive public company management experience and financial expertise make her well-qualified to serve on our board of directors. 
 16 

Table of Contents 

 Sarah Kirshbaum Levy has served on the board of directors of Funko, Inc. since September 2019. Ms. Levy has served as the Chief Executive Officer and a director of Betterment, LLC, a financial advisory company, since December 2020. Ms. Levy previously served as the Chief Operating Officer of Viacom Media Networks, a division of the entertainment and media company, ViacomCBS, from 2016 through January 2020, where she was responsible for overseeing global strategy, finance and operations for the division. Prior to her appointment at Viacom Media Networks, Ms. Levy was Chief Operating Officer at Nickelodeon from 2005 to 2016. She sits on the board of Lucius Littauer Foundation, which makes grants in the areas of education, social welfare, health care, and Jewish studies. She also sat on the board of ACON S2 Acquisition Corp., a public special purpose acquisition company, from September 2020 through October 2021, where she served on the Audit and Compensation Committees. Ms. Levy received an M.B.A. and B.A. in Economics from Harvard University. We believe Ms. Levy s extensive experience in entertainment and media, in particular her familiarity with consumer products licensing, make her well-qualified to serve on our board of directors. 
 Michael Lunsford has served on the board of directors of Funko, Inc. since October 2018. Mr. Lunsford served as an Advisor and Vice President of McClatchy, Inc. from 2017 to September 2020. Mr. Lunsford previously served as the Chief Executive Officer of SK Planet, Inc. from 2013 until 2018 and as interim Chief Executive Officer of shopkick, Inc. in 2016. From 2008 to 2013, Mr. Lunsford held various management roles with RealNetworks, Inc., including interim Chief Executive Officer and Executive Vice President and General Manager of RealNetworks Core Business and Chief Executive Officer of Rhapsody. Mr. Lunsford also served on the board of directors of shopkick, Inc. from 2013 to 2018, and on the boards of directors of various portfolio companies owned by SK Planet, Inc. from 2013 to 2018. From 2014 to 2018, Mr. Lunsford served on the board of directors of the University of North Carolina Board of Visitors and IslandWood. Mr. Lunsford received an M.B.A. and a B.A. in Economics from The University of North Carolina. We believe Mr. Lunsford s broad management, retail and e-commerce experience make him well-qualified to serve on our board of directors. 
 Jesse Jacobs has served on the board of directors of Funko, Inc. since May 2022. Mr. Jacobs is a Partner at The Chernin Group, LLC, which he co-founded with Peter Chernin in 2010, leading the company's investments, operations, and team building. Prior to founding The Chernin Group, Mr. Jacobs was a senior member of the media, entertainment, and sports advisory, investing and financing team at Goldman Sachs. Mr. Jacobs began his career in NFL, MLB, and NHL sports television production at the inception of Fox Sports and then for CBS Sports in the Olympics. Mr. Jacobs is on the board of directors of The Chernin Group, Barstool Sports, Hodinkee, Exploding Kittens, Goldin Auctions, Collectors Universe, Equip, Words + Pictures, LLC and is a board observer of Scopely. Mr. Jacobs is a graduate of the University of Pennsylvania with a BA in English and Communications and holds an MBA from the Wharton School at the University of Pennsylvania. We believe Mr. Jacobs broad management, business and entertainment experience make him well-qualified to serve on our board of directors. 
 Richard Paul has served on the board of directors of Funko, Inc. since May 2022. Mr. Paul has served as the Chief Executive Officer of Klutch Sports Group, LLC, a professional sports agency, since September 2012. Mr. Paul is also a co-founder and advisor to Adopt, LLC, a creative agency, since April 2021. Mr. Paul has served on the boards of directors of Klutch Sports Group, LLC since September 2012, United Talent Agency since July 2020, and Colieum Acquisition Corp., a special purpose acquisition company, since June 2021. We believe Mr. Paul is well qualified to serve on the board due to his broad-based business experience and extensive experience in the professional sports and pop culture industries. 
 Trevor Edwards has served on the board of directors of Funko, Inc. since July 2022. Mr. Edwards spent 25 years at Nike Inc., the multinational athletic apparel corporation, in roles of increasing responsibility, most recently as President, NIKE Brands from 2013 to 2018; Vice President, Global Brand Category Management from August 2006 to June 2013; Vice President, Global Brand Management from 2002 to 2006; Vice President, U.S. Brand Marketing from 2000 to 2002; Vice President, EMEA Marketing from 1999 to 2000; Director of Marketing for Europe from 1997 to 1999; and Director of Marketing for the Americas from 1995 to 1997. Prior to NIKE, Mr. Edwards worked at Colgate-Palmolive in Global Marketing. Mr. Edwards served on the board of directors of Mattel Inc. from 2012 to 2018. Mr. Edwards received a BBA and MBA from Bernard Baruch College. The board believes Mr. Edwards extensive marketing and brand management experience, as well as public company leadership experience, make him well-qualified to serve on the Board. 
 17 

Table of Contents 

 Segment Information 
 We identify our segments according to how the business activities are managed and evaluated, for which discrete financial information is available and is regularly reviewed by our Chief Operating Decision Maker CODM to allocate resources and assess performance. Because our CODM reviews financial performance and allocates resources at a consolidated level on a regular basis, we have one segment. 
 Our History 
 Funko, Inc. was formed as a Delaware corporation on April 21, 2017 for the purpose of completing our IPO. FAH LLC, a holding company with no operating assets or operations, was formed on September 24, 2015. On October 30, 2015, ACON Funko Investors, L.L.C., through FAH, LLC and the ACON Acquisition, acquired a controlling interest in FHL, which is also a holding company with no operating assets or operations. FAH, LLC owns 100 of FHL and FHL owns 100 of Funko, LLC, which is the operating entity. 
 Available Information 
 Our Internet address is www.funko.com. At our Investor Relations website, www.investor.funko.com, we make available free of charge a variety of information for investors, including: 
 our annual report on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, current reports on Form 8-K and any amendments to those reports, as soon as reasonably practicable after we electronically file that material with or furnish it to the SEC; 
 press releases on quarterly earnings, product and service announcements, events and legal developments; 
 corporate governance information including our corporate governance guidelines, codes of conduct and ethics and committee charters; 
 other news and announcements that we may post from time to time that investors might find useful or interesting; and 
 opportunities to sign up for email alerts and RSS feeds to have information pushed in real time. 
 The information found on our website is not part of this or any other report we file with, or furnish to, the SEC. 
 
 ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS 
 Our business faces significant risks and uncertainties. Certain important factors may have a material adverse effect on our business prospects, financial condition and results of operations, and they should be carefully considered. Accordingly, in evaluating our business, we encourage you to consider the following discussion of risk factors in its entirety, in addition to other information contained in or incorporated by reference into this Annual Report on Form 10-K and our other public filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission SEC ). Other events that we do not currently anticipate or that we currently deem immaterial may also affect our business, prospects, financial condition and results of operations. 
 BUSINESS, ECONOMIC, MARKET AND OPERATING RISKS 
 Our success depends on our ability to execute our business strategy. 
 Our net sales and profitability have generally grown rapidly in the last several years; however, this should not be considered indicative of our future performance. Our future growth, profitability and cash flows depend upon our ability to successfully manage our operations and execute our business strategy, which is dependent upon a number of factors, including our ability to: 
 expand our market presence in existing sales channels and enter additional sales channels; 
 anticipate, gauge and respond to rapidly changing consumer preferences and pop culture trends; 
 acquire or enter into new licenses in existing product categories or in new product categories and renew existing licenses; 
 18 

Table of Contents 

 expand our geographic presence to take advantage of opportunities outside of the United States; 
 enhance and maintain favorable brand recognition for our Company and product offerings; 
 maintain and expand margins through sales growth and efficiency initiatives; 
 effectively manage our relationships with third-party manufacturers; 
 effectively manage our debt, working capital and capital investments to maintain and improve the generation of cash flow; and 
 execute any acquisitions quickly and efficiently and integrate businesses successfully. 
 There can be no assurance that we can successfully execute our business strategy in the manner or time period that we expect, particularly in light of the macroeconomic pressures impacting the global economy and consumer demand. Further, achieving these objectives will require investments that may result in short-term costs without generating any current sales or countervailing cost savings and, therefore, may be dilutive to our earnings, at least in the short term. In addition, we may decide to divest or discontinue certain brands or products or streamline operations and incur other costs or special charges in doing so. We may also decide to discontinue certain programs or sales to certain retailers based on anticipated strategic benefits. The failure to realize the anticipated benefits from our business strategy could have a material adverse effect on our prospects, business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 Our success depends, in part, on our ability to successfully manage our inventories. 
 We must maintain sufficient inventory levels to operate our business successfully, but we must also avoid accumulating excess inventory, which increases working capital needs and lowers gross margin. We obtain substantially all of our inventory from third-party manufacturers located outside the United States and must typically order products well in advance of the time these products will be offered for sale to our customers. As a result, it may be difficult to respond to changes in consumer preferences and market conditions, which, for pop culture products, can change rapidly. If we do not accurately anticipate the popularity of certain products, then we may not have sufficient inventory to meet demand. Alternatively, if demand or future sales do not reach forecasted levels, we could have excess inventory that we may need to hold for a long period of time, write down, sell at prices lower than expected or discard. 
 In addition, we may face difficulties processing inventory through our distribution centers, which could cause us to hold inventory for an extended period of time. For example, inventories at December 31, 2022 increased 48 over the prior year period, primarily from the timing of receipt of inventory and challenges of processing through our new consolidated U.S. distribution center. We also continue to see elevated levels of inventory in transit and elevated freight costs through drayage and container storage costs as a result of recent processing challenges in our warehouse operations. If market conditions, demand for our products or consumer preferences shift or we face distribution challenges prior to the sales of the inventory, we may have excess inventory that we may need to hold for a long period of time, write down, and/or sell at prices lower than expected or discard. 
 We may also be negatively affected by changes in retailers inventory policies and practices, including as a result of macroeconomic factors. As a result of the desire of retailers to more closely manage inventory levels, we are required to more closely anticipate demand and this could require us to carry additional inventory. Policies and practices of individual retailers may adversely affect us as well, including those relating to access to and time on shelf space, price demands, payment terms and favoring the products of our competitors. Our retail customers make no binding long-term commitments to us regarding purchase volumes and make all purchases by delivering purchase orders. Any retailer can therefore freely reduce its overall purchase of our products, including the number and variety of our products that it carries, and reduce the shelf space allotted for our products. We have recently experienced canceled orders and if demand or future sales do not reach forecasted levels, we could have excess inventory that we may need to hold for a long period of time, write down, sell at prices lower than expected or discard. For example, in the fourth quarter of 2019, we wrote-down 16.8 million of inventory due to our decision to dispose of slower moving inventory to increase operational capacity which contributed to the Company s net loss for the period. Also, in the first half of 2023, we expect to incur a 30.0 million to 36.0 million write-down of our inventory to increase operational efficiency and reduce storage costs. If we are not successful in managing our inventory, our business, financial condition and results of operations could be adversely affected. 
 19 

Table of Contents 

 If we fail to manage our growth effectively, our financial performance may suffer. 
 We have generally experienced rapid growth over the last several years, which has placed a strain on our managerial, operational, product design and development, sales and marketing, administrative and financial infrastructure. For example, we increased our total number of full-time employees from 702 as of December 31, 2018 to 1,466 as of December 31, 2022. We also lease distribution centers in the U.S. and the United Kingdom and utilize third party distribution centers in the U.S. and the Netherlands. Our success depends in part upon our ability to manage our growth effectively. To do so, we must continue to increase the productivity of our existing employees and to hire, train and manage new employees as needed, which we may not be able to do successfully or without compromising our corporate culture. See Our success is critically dependent on the efforts and dedication of our officers and other employees, and the loss of one or more key employees, or our inability to attract and retain qualified personnel and maintain our corporate culture, could adversely affect our business. To manage domestic and international growth of our operations and personnel, we have invested and continue to invest in the development of warehouse management systems, additional platforms to support our direct-to-consumer experience, and capital build out of new leased warehouse and office spaces. In August 2022, we announced that we were delaying the remaining steps for implementation of our enterprise resource planning software to 2023, which has caused us to incur increased costs and adversely impacted our financial results. At December 31, 2022, we determined the enterprise resource planning project was not feasible for its intended use and abandoned the cloud computing arrangement and incurred a write down of 32.5 million. We will need to continue to improve our product development, supply chain, financial and management controls and our reporting processes and procedures to support our infrastructure and new business initiatives. These additional investments will increase our operating costs, which will make it more difficult for us to offset any future revenue shortfalls by reducing expenses in the short term. Moreover, if we fail to scale our operations or manage our growth successfully, our business, financial condition and operating results could be adversely affected. 
 Our business is dependent upon our license agreements, which involve certain risks. 
 Products from which we generate substantially all of our net sales are produced under license agreements which grant us the right to use certain intellectual property in such products. These license agreements typically have short terms (between two and three years), are not automatically renewable, and, in some cases, give the licensor the right to terminate the license agreement at will. 
 Our license agreements typically provide that our licensors own the intellectual property rights in the products we design and sell under the license. As a result, upon termination of the license, we would no longer have the right to sell these products, while our licensors could engage a competitor to do so. We believe our ability to retain our license agreements depends, in large part, on the strength of our relationships with our licensors. Any events or developments adversely affecting those relationships, or the loss of one or more members of our management team, particularly our Chief Executive Officer and President, could adversely affect our ability to maintain and renew our license agreements on similar terms or at all. Our top ten licensors collectively accounted for approximately 74 of our sales for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. Moreover, while we have separate licensing arrangements with Disney, LucasFilm and Marvel, these parties are all under common ownership by Disney and collectively these licensors accounted for approximately 44 , 43 and 41 of our sales for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. The termination or failure to renew one or more of our license agreements, or the renewal of a license agreement on less favorable terms, could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. While we may enter into additional license agreements in the future, the terms of such license agreements may be less favorable than the terms of our existing license agreements. 
 Our license agreements are complex, and typically grant our licensors the right to audit our compliance with the terms and conditions of such agreements. Any such audit could result in a dispute over whether we have paid the proper royalties and a requirement that we pay additional royalties, the amounts of which could be material. As of December 31, 2022, we had a reserve of 19.4 million on our balance sheet related to ongoing and future royalty audits, based on estimates of the costs we expect to incur. In addition to royalty payments, these agreements as a whole impose numerous other obligations on us, including, among other things, obligations to: 
 maintain the integrity of the applicable intellectual property; 
 obtain the licensor s approval of the products we develop under the license prior to making any sales; 
 20 

Table of Contents 

 permit the licensor s involvement in, or obtain the licensor s approval of, advertising, packaging and marketing plans; 
 maintain minimum sales levels or make minimum guaranteed royalty payments; 
 actively promote the sale of the licensed product and maintain the availability of the licensed product throughout the license term; 
 spend a certain percentage of our sales of the licensed product on marketing and advertising for the licensed product; 
 sell the products we develop under the license only within a specified territory or within specified sales channels; 
 indemnify the licensor in the event of product liability or other claims related to the licensed product and advertising or other materials used to promote the licensed product; 
 sell the licensed products to the licensor at a discounted price or at the lowest price charged to our customers; 
 obtain the licensor s consent prior to assigning or sub-licensing to third parties; and 
 provide notice to, obtain approval from, or, in limited circumstances, make certain payments to the licensor in connection with certain changes in control. 
 If we breach any of these obligations or any other obligations set forth in any of our license agreements, we could be subject to monetary penalties and our rights under such license agreements could be terminated, either of which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 Our success is also partially dependent on the reputation of our licensors and the goodwill associated with their intellectual property, and their ability to protect and maintain the intellectual property rights that we use in connection with our products, all of which may be harmed by factors outside our control. See also If we are unable to obtain, maintain and protect our intellectual property rights, in particular trademarks and copyrights, or if our licensors are unable to maintain and protect their intellectual property rights that we use in connection with our products, our ability to compete could be negatively impacted. 
 Global and regional economic downturns that negatively impact the retail and credit markets, or that otherwise damage the financial health of our retail customers and consumers, can harm our business and financial performance. 
 We design, manufacture and market a wide variety of consumer products worldwide for sale to our retail customers and directly to consumers. Our financial performance is impacted by the level of discretionary consumer spending in the markets in which we operate. Recessions, credit crises and other economic downturns, or disruptions in credit markets, in the United States and in other markets in which our products are sold can result in lower levels of economic activity, lower employment levels, less consumer disposable income, and lower consumer confidence. The retail industry is subject to volatility, especially during uncertain economic conditions. A downturn in the retail industry in particular may disproportionately affect us because a substantial majority of our net sales are to retail customers. In addition, our business is subject to significant pressure on costs and pricing caused by general inflationary pressures as well as inflation caused by constrained sourcing capacity, the availability of qualified labor and related wage inflation, as well as inflationary pressures to increase commissions and benefits expenses, and associated changes in consumer demand. Significant increases in the costs of other products which are required by consumers, such as gasoline, home heating fuels, or groceries, may reduce household spending on our products. Such cost increases and weakened economic conditions may result from any number of factors, including pandemics, terrorist attacks, wars and other conflicts, natural disasters, increases in critical commodity prices or labor costs, sovereign debt defaults or the prospect of such events. General inflation in the United States, Europe and other geographies has risen to levels not experienced in recent decades. Such a weakened economic and business climate, as well as consumer uncertainty created by such a climate, has adversely impacted and could in the future materially harm our sales and profitability. Similarly, reductions in the value of key assets held by consumers, such as their homes or stock market investments, can lower consumer confidence and consumer spending power. Any of these factors can reduce the amount which consumers spend on the purchase of our products. This in turn can reduce our sales and harm our financial performance and profitability. 
 21 

Table of Contents 

 In addition to experiencing potentially lower sales of our products during times of economic difficulty, in an effort to maintain sales during such times, we may need to increase our promotional spending or sales allowances, or take other steps to encourage retailer and consumer purchases of our products. Those steps may lower our net sales or increase our costs, thereby decreasing our operating margins and lowering our profitability. As a result of increased inflation or supply constraints, like we are currently facing, we have increased prices of certain products, and may in the future need to increase our prices further in order to cover increased costs of goods sold, which may reduce demand for our products and may not fully offset our increased costs. 
 Changes in the retail industry and markets for consumer products affecting our retail customers or retailing practices could negatively impact our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 Our products are primarily sold to consumers through retailers that are our direct customers or customers of our distributors. As such, trends and changes in the retail industry can negatively impact our business, financial condition and results of operations. For example, in 2022, the retail industry faced reductions in sales due to macroeconomic uncertainty and we currently expect the retail industry will continue to face sales challenges in early 2023, which may adversely impact our sales. 
 Due to the challenging environment for traditional brick-and-mortar retail locations caused by declining in-store traffic, many retailers have closed physical stores, and some traditional retailers have engaged in significant reorganizations, filed for bankruptcy and gone out of business. In addition to furthering consolidation in the retail industry, such a trend could have a negative effect on the financial health of our retail customers and distributors, potentially causing them to experience difficulties in fulfilling their payment obligations to us or our distributors, reduce the amount of their purchases, seek extended credit terms or otherwise change their purchasing patterns, alter the manner in which they promote our products or the resources they devote to promoting and selling our products or cease doing business with us or our distributors. If any of our retail customers were to file for bankruptcy, we could be unable to collect amounts owed to us and could even be required to repay certain amounts paid to us prior to the bankruptcy filing. The occurrence of any of these events would have an adverse effect on our business, cash flows, financial condition and results of operations. 
 If we do not effectively maintain and further develop our relationships with retail customers and distributors, our growth prospects, business and results of operations could be harmed. 
 Historically, a majority of all of our net sales have been derived from our retail customers and distributors, upon which we rely to reach the consumers who are the ultimate purchasers of our products. In the United States, we primarily sell our products directly to specialty retailers, mass-market retailers and e-commerce sites. In international markets, we sell our products directly to similar retailers, primarily in Europe, through our subsidiary Funko UK, Ltd. We also sell our products to distributors for sale to retailers in the United States and in certain countries internationally, typically in those countries in which we do not currently have a direct presence. Our top ten customers represented approximately 44 , 45 and 48 of our sales for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 We depend on retailers to provide adequate and attractive space for our products and point of purchase displays in their stores. We further depend on our retail customers to employ, educate and motivate their sales personnel to effectively sell our products. If our retail customers do not adequately display our products or choose to promote competitors products or their own private label products over ours, our sales could decrease, and our business could be harmed. Similarly, we depend on our distributors to reach retailers in certain market segments in the United States and to reach international retailers in countries where we do not have a direct presence. Our distributors generally offer products from several different companies, including our competitors. Accordingly, we are at risk that these distributors may give higher priority to selling other companies products. If we were to lose the services of a distributor, we might need to find another distributor in that area, and there can be no assurance of our ability to do so in a timely manner or on favorable terms. 
 22 

Table of Contents 

 In addition, our business could be adversely affected if any of our retail customers or distributors were to reduce purchases of our products. Our retail customers and distributors generally build inventories in anticipation of future sales and will decrease the size of their future product orders if sales do not occur as rapidly as they anticipate. Our customers make no long-term commitments to us regarding purchase volumes and can therefore freely reduce their purchases of our products, and as a result we may have excess inventory. Any reduction in purchases of our products by our retail customers and distributors, or the loss of any key retailer or distributor, could adversely affect our net sales, operating results and financial condition. As a result of the COVID-19 pandemic and recent macroeconomic trends, we have had certain of our retail customers reduce and, in some instances, cancel purchase orders as a result of store closures or a shift of purchasing to focus only on essential consumer products. 
 Furthermore, consumer preferences have shifted, and may continue to shift in the future, to sales channels other than traditional retail, including e-commerce, in which we have more limited experience, presence and development. In addition, our entry into new product categories and geographies has exposed, and may continue to expose, us to new sales channels in which we have less expertise. If we are not successful in developing our e-commerce channel and other new sales channels, our net sales and profitability may be adversely affected. 
 The COVID-19 pandemic adversely impacted our business. Ongoing impacts of the COVID-19 pandemic or its variants could materially adversely impact our business, financial condition and results of operations going forward. 
 During 2020, 2021 and into 2022, we and certain of our suppliers and the manufacturers of certain of our products were adversely impacted by COVID-19. We faced delays and difficulty sourcing products, and significant increases in shipping costs, which have negatively affected our business and financial results. If such supplier and manufacturer challenges continue or recur, the impact on our supply chain and manufacturing could negatively affect our financial results for future reporting periods. Even if we are able to find alternate sources for such products, they may cost more, which could adversely impact our profitability and financial condition. 
 By the end of the year ended December 31, 2022, our business, was no longer experiencing a material effect from COVID-19, however, any renewed surge that leads to the curtailment of activities by businesses and consumers in much of the world, including as a result of restrictions imposed by governments and others to limit the spread of the disease and its variants such as through business and transportation shutdowns and restrictions on people s movement and congregation, would adversely affect our business, financial position and results of operations going forward. 
 Additionally, concerns over the economic impact of the COVID-19 pandemic have previously caused extreme volatility in financial and capital markets and may continue to do so in the future, which may materially adversely impact our stock price and our ability to access capital markets. 
 Our industry is highly competitive and the barriers to entry are low. If we are unable to compete effectively with existing or new competitors, our sales, market share and profitability could decline. 
 Our industry is, and will continue to be, highly competitive. We compete with toy companies in many of our product categories, some of which have substantially more resources than us, stronger name recognition, longer operating histories and greater economies of scale. We also compete with numerous smaller domestic and foreign collectible product designers and manufacturers. Across our business, we face competitors who are constantly monitoring and attempting to anticipate consumer tastes and trends, seeking ideas that will appeal to consumers and introducing new products that compete with our products for consumer acceptance and purchase. 
 23 

Table of Contents 

 In addition to existing competitors, the barriers to entry for new participants in our industry are low, and the increasing use of digital technology, social media and the internet to spark consumer interest has further increased the ability for new participants to enter our markets and has broadened the array of companies against which we compete. New participants can gain access to retail customers and consumers and become a significant source of competition for our products in a very short period of time. Additionally, since we do not have exclusive rights to any of the properties we license or the related entertainment brands, our competitors, including those with more resources and greater economies of scale, can obtain licenses to design and sell products based on the same properties that we license, potentially on more favorable terms. Any of these competitors may be able to bring new products to market more quickly, respond more rapidly than us to changes in consumer preferences and produce products of higher quality or that can be sold at more accessible price points. To the extent our competitors products achieve greater market acceptance than our products, our business, financial condition and results of operations will be adversely affected. 
 In addition, certain of our licensors have reserved the rights to manufacture, distribute and sell identical or similar products to those we design and sell under our license agreements. These products could directly compete with our products and could be sold at lower prices than those at which our products are sold, resulting in higher margins for our customers compared to our products, potentially lessening our customers demand for our products and adversely affecting our sales and profitability. 
 Furthermore, competition for access to the properties we license is intense, and we must vigorously compete to obtain licenses to the intellectual property we need to produce our products. This competition could lessen our ability to secure, maintain, and renew our existing licenses, or require us to pay licensors higher royalties and higher minimum guaranteed payments in order to obtain new licenses or retain our existing licenses. To the extent we are unable to license properties on commercially reasonable terms, or on terms at least as favorable as our competitors, our competitive position and demand for our products will suffer. Because our ability to compete for licensed properties is based largely on our ability to increase fan engagement and generate royalty revenues for our licensors, any reduction in the demand for and sales of our products will further inhibit our ability to obtain licenses on commercially reasonable terms or at all. As a result, any such reduction in the demand for and sales of our products could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 We also increasingly compete with toy companies and other product designers for shelf space at specialty, mass-market and other retailers. Our retail customers will allocate shelf space and promotional resources based on the margins of our products for our customers, as well as their sales volumes. If toy companies or other competitors produce higher margin or more popular merchandise than our products, our retail customers may reduce purchases of our products and, in turn, devote less shelf space and resources to the sale of our products, which could have a material adverse effect on our sales and profitability. 
 Our gross margin may not be sustainable and may fluctuate over time. 
 Our gross margin has historically fluctuated, primarily as a result of changes in product mix, changes in our costs, price competition and acquisitions. For the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, our gross margins (exclusive of depreciation and amortization) were 32.8 , 37.0 and 38.2 , respectively. Our current gross margin may not be sustainable, and our gross margin may decrease over time. A decrease in gross margin can be the result of numerous factors, including, but not limited to: 
 changes in customer, geographic, or product mix; 
 introduction of new products, including our expansion into additional product categories; 
 increases in the royalty rates under our license agreements; 
 inability to meet minimum guaranteed royalties; 
 increases in, or our inability to reduce, our costs, including as a result of inflation; 
 entry into new markets or growth in lower margin markets; 
 increases in raw materials, labor or other manufacturing- and inventory-related costs; 
 increases in transportation costs, including the cost of fuel, and increased shipping costs to meet customer demand; 
 increased price competition; 
 24 

Table of Contents 

 changes in the dynamics of our sales channels, including those affecting the retail industry and the financial health of our customers; 
 inability to increase prices in order to meet increased costs; 
 increases in sales discounts and allowances provided to our customers; 
 acquisitions of companies with a lower gross margin than ours; and 
 overall execution of our business strategy and operating plan. 
 If any of these factors, or other factors unknown to us at this time, occur, then our gross margin could be adversely affected, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 Our business is largely dependent on content development and creation by third parties. 
 We spend considerable resources in designing and developing products in conjunction with planned movie, television, video game, music and other content releases by various third-party content providers. The timing of the development and release, and the ultimate consumer interest in and success of, such content depends on the efforts of these third parties, as well as conditions in the media and entertainment industry generally. We do not control when or if any particular project will be greenlit, developed or released, and the creators of such projects may change their plans with respect to release dates or cancel development altogether. This can make it difficult for us to successfully develop and market products in conjunction with a given content release, given the lead times involved in product development and successful marketing efforts. Additionally, unforeseen factors in the media and entertainment industry, including labor strikes and unforeseen developments with talent such as accusations of a star s wrongdoing, may also delay or cancel the release of such projects. Any such delay or cancellation may decrease the number of products we sell and harm our business. 
 As a purveyor of licensed pop culture consumer products, we may not be able to design and develop products that will be popular with consumers, and we may not be able to maintain the popularity of successful products. 
 The interests of consumers evolve extremely quickly and can change dramatically from year to year. To be successful we must correctly anticipate both the products and the movies, TV shows, video games, music, sports and other content releases (including the related characters) that will appeal to consumers and quickly develop and introduce products that can compete successfully for consumers limited time, attention and spending. Evolving consumer tastes and shifting interests, coupled with an ever changing and expanding pipeline of products and content that compete for consumers interest and acceptance, create an environment in which some products and content can fail to achieve consumer acceptance, while others can be popular during a certain period of time but then be rapidly replaced. As a result, consumer products, particularly those based on pop culture such as ours, can have short life cycles. In addition, given the growing market for digital products and the increasingly digital nature of pop culture, there is also a risk that consumer demand for physical products may decrease over time. If we devote time and resources to developing and marketing products that consumers do not find appealing enough to buy in sufficient quantities, our sales and profits may decline, and our business performance may be damaged. Similarly, if our product offerings fail to correctly anticipate consumer interests, our sales and earnings will be adversely affected. 
 Additionally, our business is increasingly global and depends on interest in and acceptance of our products and our licensors brands by consumers in diverse markets around the world with different tastes and preferences. As such, our success depends on our ability to successfully predict and adapt to changing consumer tastes and preferences in multiple markets and geographies and to design products that can achieve popularity globally over a broad and diverse consumer audience. There is no guarantee that we will be able to successfully develop and market products with global appeal. 
 Consumer demand for pop culture products can and does shift rapidly and without warning. As a result, even if our product offerings are initially successful, there can be no guarantee that we will be able to maintain their popularity with consumers. Accordingly, our success will depend, in part, on our ability to continually design and introduce new products that consumers find appealing. To the extent we are unable to do so, our sales and profitability will be adversely affected. This is particularly true given the concentration of our sales under certain of our brand categories, particularly Core Collectible. Sales of our Core Collectible branded category products accounted for approximately 76 , 80 and 81 of our sales for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, 
 25 

Table of Contents 

 respectively. If consumer demand for our Core Collectible branded category products were to decrease, our business, financial condition and results of operations could be adversely affected unless we were able to develop and market additional products that generated an equivalent amount of net sales at a comparable gross margin, which there is no guarantee we would be able to do. 
 We may not realize the full benefit of our licenses if the properties we license have less market appeal than expected or if sales from the products that use those properties are not sufficient to satisfy the minimum guaranteed royalties. 
 We seek to fulfill consumer preferences and interests by designing and selling products primarily based on properties owned by third parties and licensed to us. The popularity of the properties we license can significantly affect our sales and profitability. If we produce products based on a particular movie, TV show or video game, the success of the underlying content has a critical impact on the level of consumer interest in the associated products we are offering. Although we license a wide variety of properties, sales of products tied to major movie franchises have been significant contributors to our business. In addition, the theatrical duration of movie releases has decreased over time and we expect this trend to continue with the increase of content made available on video streaming services. This may make it increasingly difficult for us to sell products based on such properties or lead our customers to reduce demand for our products to minimize their inventory risk. If the performance of one or more of such movie franchises failed to meet expectations or if there was a shift in consumer tastes away from such franchises generally, our results of operations could be adversely affected. In addition, competition in our industry for access to licensed properties can lessen our ability to secure, maintain, and renew our existing licenses on commercially reasonable terms, if at all, and to attract and retain the talented employees necessary to design, develop and market successful products based on these properties. 
 Our license agreements usually also require us to pay minimum royalty guarantees, which may in some cases be greater than what we are ultimately able to recoup from actual sales. When our licensing agreements require minimum royalty guarantees, we accrue a royalty liability based on the contractually required percentage, as revenues are earned. In the case that a minimum royalty guarantee is not expected to be met through sales, we will accrue up to the minimum amount required to be paid. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, we recorded reserves of 0.8 million, and 0.7 million, respectively, related to prepaid royalties we estimated would not be recovered through sales. Acquiring or renewing licenses may require the payment of minimum guaranteed royalties that we consider to be too high to be profitable, which may result in losing licenses that we currently hold when they become available for renewal, or missing business opportunities for new licenses. Additionally, we have no guarantee that any particular property we license will translate into a successful product. Products tied to a particular content release may be developed and released before demand for the underlying content is known. The underperformance of any such product may result in reduced sales and operating profit for us. 
 An inability to develop and introduce products in a timely and cost-effective manner may damage our business. 
 Our sales and profitability depend on our ability to bring products to market to meet customer demands and before consumers begin to lose interest in a given property. There is no guarantee that we will be able to manufacture, source, ship, and distribute new or continuing products in a timely manner or on a cost-effective basis to meet constantly changing consumer demands. This risk is heightened by our customers increasingly compressed shipping schedules and the seasonality of our business. Furthermore, our license agreements typically require us to obtain the licensor s approval of the products we develop under a particular license prior to making any sales, which can have the effect of delaying our product releases. Additionally, for products based on properties in our movie, TV show and video game categories, this risk may also be exacerbated by our need to introduce new products on a timeframe that corresponds with a particular content release. These time constraints may lead our customers to reduce their demand for these products in order to minimize their inventory risk. Moreover, unforeseen delays or difficulties in the development process, significant increases in the planned cost of development, manufacturing or distribution delays or changes in anticipated consumer demand for our products and new brands, or the related third party content, may cause the introduction date for products to be later than anticipated, may reduce or eliminate the profitability of such products or, in some situations, may cause a product or new brand introduction to be discontinued. 
 26 

Table of Contents 

 If we are unable to obtain, maintain and protect our intellectual property rights, in particular trademarks and copyrights, or if our licensors are unable to maintain and protect their intellectual property rights that we use in connection with our products, our ability to compete could be negatively impacted. 
 Our intellectual property is a valuable asset of our business. As of December 31, 2022, we owned approximately 106 registered U.S. trademarks, 247 registered international trademarks, 31 pending U.S. trademark applications and 94 pending international trademark applications . The market for our products depends to a significant extent upon the value associated with our product design, our proprietary brands and the properties we license. Although certain of our intellectual property is registered in the United States and in several of the foreign countries in which we operate, there can be no assurances with respect to the rights associated with such intellectual property in those countries, including our ability to register, use, maintain or defend key trademarks and copyrights. We rely on a combination of trademark, trade dress, copyright and trade secret laws, as well as confidentiality procedures and contractual restrictions, to establish and protect our intellectual property or other proprietary rights. However, these laws, procedures and restrictions provide only limited and uncertain protection and any of our intellectual property rights may be challenged, invalidated, circumvented, infringed or misappropriated, including by counterfeiters and parallel importers. In addition, our intellectual property portfolio in many foreign countries is less extensive than our portfolio in the United States, and the laws of foreign countries, including many emerging markets in which our products are produced or sold, may not protect our intellectual property rights to the same extent as the laws of the United States. The costs required to protect our trademarks and copyrights may be substantial. 
 In addition, we may fail to apply for, or be unable to obtain, protection for certain aspects of the intellectual property used in or beneficial to our business. Further, we cannot provide assurance that our applications for trademarks, copyrights and other intellectual property rights will be granted, or, if granted, will provide meaningful protection. In addition, third parties have in the past and could in the future bring infringement, invalidity or similar claims with respect to any of our current trademarks and copyrights, or any trademarks or copyrights that we may seek to obtain in the future. Any such claims, whether or not successful, could be extremely costly to defend, divert management s attention and resources, damage our reputation and brands, and substantially harm our business and results of operations. 
 In order to protect or enforce our intellectual property and other proprietary rights, or to determine the enforceability, scope or validity of the intellectual or proprietary rights of others, we may initiate litigation or other proceedings against third parties. Any lawsuits or proceedings that we initiate could be expensive, take significant time and divert management s attention from other business concerns. Litigation and other proceedings also put our intellectual property at risk of being invalidated, or if not invalidated, may result in the scope of our intellectual property rights being narrowed. In addition, our efforts to try to protect and defend our trademarks and copyrights may be ineffective. Additionally, we may provoke third parties to assert claims against us. We may not prevail in any lawsuits or other proceedings that we initiate, and the damages or other remedies awarded, if any, may not be commercially valuable. The occurrence of any of these events may have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 In addition, most of our products bear the trademarks and other intellectual property rights of our licensors, and the value of our products is affected by the value of those rights. Our licensors ability to maintain and protect their trademarks and other intellectual property rights is subject to risks similar to those described above with respect to our intellectual property. We do not control the protection of the trademarks and other intellectual property rights of our licensors and cannot ensure that our licensors will be able to secure or protect their trademarks and other intellectual property rights. The loss of any of our significant owned or licensed trademarks, copyrights or other intellectual property could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. In addition, our licensors may engage in activities or otherwise be subject to negative publicity that could harm their reputation and impair the value of the intellectual property rights we license from them, which could reduce consumer demand for our products and adversely affect our business financial condition and results of operations. 
 27 

Table of Contents 

 Our success depends on our ability to operate our business without infringing, misappropriating or otherwise violating the trademarks, copyrights and proprietary rights of other parties. 
 Our commercial success depends at least in part on our ability to operate without infringing, misappropriating or otherwise violating the trademarks, copyrights and other proprietary rights of others. However, we cannot be certain that the conduct of our business does not and will not infringe, misappropriate or otherwise violate such rights. Many companies have employed intellectual property litigation as a way to gain a competitive advantage, and to the extent we gain greater visibility and market exposure as a public company, we may also face a greater risk of being the subject of such litigation. For these and other reasons, third parties may allege that our products or activities, including products we make under license, infringe, misappropriate or otherwise violate their trademark, copyright or other proprietary rights. While we typically receive intellectual property infringement indemnities from our licensors, the indemnities are often limited to third-party copyright infringement claims to the extent arising from our use of the licensed material. Defending against allegations and litigation could be expensive, take significant time, divert management s attention from other business concerns, and delay getting our products to market. In addition, if we are found to be infringing, misappropriating or otherwise violating third-party trademark, copyright or other proprietary rights, we may need to obtain a license, which may not be available on commercially reasonable terms or at all, or may need to redesign or rebrand our products, which may not be possible. We may also be required to pay substantial damages or be subject to a court order prohibiting us and our customers from selling certain products or engaging in certain activities. Any claims of violating others intellectual property, even those without merit, could therefore have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 Our operating results may be adversely affected and damage to our reputation may occur due to production and sale of counterfeit versions of our products. 
 As we have expanded internationally, and the global popularity of our products has increased, our products are increasingly subject to efforts by third parties to produce counterfeit versions of our products. There can be no guarantee that our efforts, including our work with customs officials and law enforcement authorities, to block the manufacture of counterfeit goods, prevent their entry in end markets, and detect counterfeit products in customer networks will be successful or result in any material reduction in the availability of counterfeit goods. Any such counterfeit sales, to the extent they replace otherwise legitimate sales, could adversely affect our operating results and damage our reputation. 
 Our success is critically dependent on the efforts and dedication of our officers and other employees, and the loss of one or more key employees, or our inability to attract and retain qualified personnel and maintain our corporate culture, could adversely affect our business. 
 Our officers and employees are at the heart of all of our efforts. It is their skill, creativity and hard work that drive our success. In particular, our success depends to a significant extent on the continued service and performance of our senior management team, including our Chief Executive Officer, Brian Mariotti, and President, Andrew Perlmutter. We are dependent on their talents and continuing employment, and believe they are integral to our relationships with our licensors, certain of our key retail customers and to our overall selling and creative design processes. The loss of any member of our senior management team, or of any other key employees, or the inability to successfully complete planned management transitions, could impair our ability to execute our business plan and could therefore have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. We do not currently maintain key man life insurance policies on any member of our senior management team or on our other key employees. 
 In addition, competition for qualified personnel is intense. We compete with many other potential employers in recruiting, hiring and retaining our senior management team and our many other skilled officers and other employees around the world. Our headquarters is located near Seattle and competition in the Seattle area for qualified personnel, particularly those with technology-related skills and experience, is intense due to the increasing number of technology and e-commerce companies with a large or growing presence in Seattle, some of whom have greater resources than us and may be located closer to the city of Seattle than we are. In 2022 and 2021, we also faced higher than normal recruitment and personnel costs in efforts to seek and retain qualified personnel. 
 28 

Table of Contents 

 Furthermore, as we continue to grow our business and hire new employees, it may become increasingly challenging to hire people who will maintain our corporate culture. We believe our corporate culture, which fosters speed, teamwork and creativity, is one of our key competitive strengths. As we continue to grow, we may be unable to identify, hire or retain enough people who will maintain our corporate culture, including those in management and other key positions. Conversely, when we furlough or lay off employees, as we did in connection with the transition of the U.S. warehouse locations, there have been and may in the future be adverse consequences for our corporate culture and employee morale. Our corporate culture could also be adversely affected by the increasingly global distribution of our employees, as well as their increasingly diverse skill sets. If we are unable to maintain the strength of our corporate culture, our competitive ability and our business may be adversely affected. 
 Our operating results may fluctuate from quarter to quarter and year to year due to the seasonality of our business, as well as due to the timing and popularity of new product releases. 
 The businesses of our retail customers are highly seasonal, with a majority of retail sales occurring during the period from October through December in anticipation of the holiday season. As a consequence, we have experienced moderate seasonality in our business. Approximately 53.0 , 59.0 and 64.0 , of our net sales for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively, were made in the third and fourth quarters, as our customers build up their inventories in anticipation of the holiday season. This seasonal pattern requires significant use of working capital, mainly to manufacture inventory during the portion of the year prior to the holiday season and requires accurate forecasting of demand for products during the holiday season in order to avoid losing potential sales of highly popular products or producing excess inventory of less popular products. In addition, as a result of the seasonal nature of our business, we would be significantly and adversely affected, in a manner disproportionate to the impact on a company with sales spread more evenly throughout the year, by unforeseen events such as a terrorist attack or economic shock that harm the retail environment or consumer buying patterns during our key selling season, or by events such as strikes or port delays that interfere with the shipment of goods during the critical months leading up to the holiday shopping season. 
 The timing and mix of products we sell in any given year will depend on various factors, including the timing and popularity of new releases by third-party content providers and our ability to license properties based on these releases. Sales of a certain product or group of products tied to a particular content release can dramatically increase our net sales in any given quarter or year. 
 Our results of operations may also fluctuate as a result of factors such as the delivery schedules set by our customers and holiday shut down schedules set by our third-party manufacturers. Additionally, the rapid growth we have experienced in recent years may have masked the full effects of seasonal factors on our business to date, and as such, these factors may have a greater effect on our results of operations in future periods. 
 Our use of third-party manufacturers to produce our products presents risks to our business. 
 We use third-party manufacturers to manufacture all of our products and have historically concentrated production with a small number of manufacturers and factories. As a result, the loss or unavailability of one of our manufacturers or one of the factories in which our products are produced, even on a temporary basis, could have a negative impact on our business, financial condition and results of operations. This risk is exacerbated by the fact that we do not have written contracts reserving capacity or providing loss contingencies with certain of our manufacturers. While we believe our external sources of manufacturing could be shifted, if necessary, to alternative sources of supply, we would require a significant period of time to make such a shift. Because we believe our products represent a significant percentage of the total capacity of each factory in which they are produced, such a shift may require us to establish relationships with new manufacturers, which we may not be able to do on a timely basis, on similar terms, or at all. We may also be required to seek out additional manufacturers in response to increased demand for our products, as our current manufacturers may not have the capacity to increase production. If we were prevented from or delayed in obtaining a material portion of the products produced by our manufacturers, or if we were required to shift manufacturers (assuming we would be able to do so), our sales and profitability could be significantly reduced. 
 29 

Table of Contents 

 In addition, while we require that our products supplied by third-party manufacturers be produced in compliance with all applicable laws and regulations, and we have the right to monitor compliance by our third-party manufacturers with our manufacturing requirements and to oversee the quality control process at our manufacturers factories, there is risk that one or more of our third-party manufacturers will not comply with our requirements, and that we will not promptly discover such non-compliance. For example, the Consumer Product Safety Improvement Act of 2008 (the "CPSIA") limits the amounts of lead and phthalates that are permissible in certain products and requires that our products be tested to ensure that they do not contain these substances in amounts that exceed permissible levels. In the past, products manufactured by certain of our third-party manufacturers have tested positive for phthalates. Though the amount was not in excess of the amount permissible under the CPSIA, we cannot guarantee that products made by our third-party manufacturers will not in the future contain phthalates in excess of permissible amounts, or will not otherwise violate the CPSIA, other consumer or product safety requirements, or labor or other applicable requirements. Any failure of our third-party manufacturers to comply with such requirements in manufacturing products for us could result in damage to our reputation, harm our brand image and sales of our products and potentially create liability for us. 
 Additionally, there are increasing expectations in various jurisdictions that companies monitor the environmental and social performance of their suppliers, including compliance with a variety of labor practices, as well as consider a wider range of potential environmental and social matters, including the end of life considerations for products. Compliance can be costly, require us to establish or augment programs to diligence or monitor our suppliers, or, in the case of legislation such as the Uyghur Forced Labor Prevention Act, to design supply chains to avoid certain regions altogether. Failure to comply with such regulations can result in fines, reputational damage, import ineligibility for our products, or otherwise adversely impact our business. Monitoring compliance by independent manufacturers is complicated by the fact that expectations of ethical business practices continually evolve, may be substantially more demanding than applicable legal requirements and are driven in part by legal developments and by diverse groups active in publicizing and organizing public responses to perceived ethical shortcomings. Accordingly, we cannot predict how such expectations might develop in the future and cannot be certain that our manufacturing requirements, even if complied with, would satisfy all parties who are active in monitoring and publicizing perceived shortcomings in labor and other business practices worldwide. 
 Additionally, the third-party manufacturers that produce most of our products are located in Vietnam, China and Mexico. As a result, we are subject to various risks resulting from our international operations. See Our substantial sales and manufacturing operations outside the United States subject us to risks associated with international operations. 
 We are subject to a series of risks related to climate change. 
 There are inherent climate-related risks wherever business is conducted. Various meteorological phenomena and extreme weather events (including, but not limited to, storms, flooding, drought, wildfire, and extreme temperatures) may disrupt our operations or those of our suppliers, requiring us to incur additional operating or capital expenditures, or otherwise adversely impact our business, financial condition, or results of operations. Climate change may impact the frequency and/or intensity of such events. While we may take various actions to mitigate our business risks associated with climate change, this may require us to incur substantial costs and may not be successful, due to, among other things, the uncertainty associated with the longer-term projections associated with managing climate risks. 
 Additionally, regulatory, market, and other changes to respond to climate change may adversely impact our business, financial condition, or results of operations. Developing products that satisfy the market s evolving expectations for product composition may require us to incur significant costs. Reporting expectations are also increasing, with a variety of stakeholders seeking increased information on climate related risks. For example, the SEC has published proposed rules that would require companies to provide significantly expanded climate-related disclosures in their periodic reporting, which may require us to incur significant additional costs to comply, including the implementation of significant additional internal controls processes and procedures regarding matters that have not been subject to such controls in the past, and impose increased oversight obligations on our management and board of directors. All of these risks may also impact our suppliers or business partners, which may indirectly impact our business, financial condition, or results of operations. 
 30 

Table of Contents 

 Increased attention to, and evolving expectations for, sustainability and environmental, social, and governance ESG initiatives could increase our costs, harm our reputation, or otherwise adversely impact our business. 
 Companies across industries are facing increasing scrutiny from a variety of stakeholders related to their ESG and sustainability practices. Expectations regarding voluntary ESG initiatives and disclosures may result in increased costs (including but not limited to increased costs related to compliance, stakeholder engagement, contracting and insurance), changes in demand for certain products, enhanced compliance or disclosure obligations, or other adverse impacts to our business, financial condition, or results of operations. 
 Our operations, including our corporate headquarters, primary distribution facilities and third-party manufacturers, are concentrated in certain geographic regions, which makes us susceptible to adverse conditions in those regions. 
 Our corporate headquarters are currently located in Everett, Washington and our primary distribution warehouse is located in Buckeye, Arizona. We also have additional warehouse facilities and/or offices located in Coventry, England; London, England; Burbank, California; and San Diego, California. In addition, the factories that produce most of our products are located in Vietnam, China and Mexico. As a result, our business may be more susceptible to adverse conditions in these regions than the operations of more geographically diverse competitors. Such conditions could include, among others, adverse economic and labor conditions, as well as demographic trends. Furthermore, Buckeye is the location from which most of the products we sell are received, stored and shipped to our customers. We depend heavily on ocean container delivery to receive products from our third-party manufacturers located in Asia and contracted third-party delivery service providers to deliver our products to our distribution facilities. Any disruption to or failures in these delivery services, at our headquarters or at our warehouse facilities, whether as a result of extreme or severe weather conditions, natural disasters, labor unrest or otherwise, affecting western Washington or Arizona in particular, or the West Coast in general, or in other areas in which we operate, could significantly disrupt our operations, damage or destroy our equipment and inventory and cause us to incur additional expenses, any of which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 For example, in 2020, 2021 and early 2022, certain of our suppliers and the manufacturers of certain of our products were adversely impacted by COVID-19. As a result, we faced delays or difficulty sourcing products, which negatively affected our business and financial results. In response, we shifted a greater amount of our production from China to Vietnam. Although we possess insurance for damage to our property and the disruption of our business, this insurance, and in particular earthquake insurance, which is subject to various limitations and requires large deductibles or co-payments, may not be sufficient to cover all of our potential losses, and may be cancelled by us in the future or otherwise cease to be available to us on reasonable terms or at all. Similarly, natural disasters and other adverse events or conditions affecting east or southeast Asia, where most of our products are produced, could halt or disrupt the production of our products, impair the movement of finished products out of those regions, damage or destroy the molds and tooling necessary to make our products and otherwise cause us to incur additional costs and expenses, any of which could also have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 Our substantial sales and manufacturing operations outside the United States subject us to risks associated with international operations. 
 We operate facilities and sell products in numerous countries outside the United States. Sales to our international customers comprised approximately 27 , 28 and 25 of our sales for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. We expect sales to our international customers to account for an increasing portion of our sales in future fiscal years. Over time, we expect our international sales and operations to continue to grow both in dollars and as a percentage of our overall business as a result of a key business strategy to expand our presence in emerging and underserved international markets. Additionally, as discussed above, we use third-party manufacturers located in Vietnam, China and Mexico to produce most of our products. These international sales and manufacturing operations, including operations in emerging markets, are subject to risks that may significantly harm our sales, increase our costs or otherwise damage our business, including: 
 currency conversion risks and currency fluctuations; 
 limitations on the repatriation of earnings; 
 31 

Table of Contents 

 potential challenges to our transfer pricing determinations and other aspects of our cross-border transactions, which can materially increase our taxes and other costs of doing business; 
 political instability, civil unrest, war and economic instability, such as the current situation with Ukraine and Russia and any impacts on surrounding regions; 
 greater difficulty enforcing intellectual property rights and weaker laws protecting such rights; 
 complications in complying with different laws and regulations in varying jurisdictions, including the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act FCPA ), the U.K. Bribery Act of 2010, similar anti-bribery and anti-corruption laws and local and international environmental, labor, health and safety laws, and in dealing with changes in governmental policies and the evolution of laws and regulations and related enforcement; 
 difficulties understanding the retail climate, consumer trends, local customs and competitive conditions in foreign markets which may be quite different from the United States; 
 changes in international labor costs and other costs of doing business internationally; 
 the imposition of and changes in tariffs, quotas, border adjustment taxes or other protectionist measures by any major country or market in which we operate, which could make it significantly more expensive and difficult to import products into that country or market, raise the cost of such products, decrease our sales of such products or decrease our profitability; 
 proper payment of customs duties and/or excise taxes; 
 natural disasters and pandemics, including related to the COVID-19 pandemic, the greater difficulty and cost in recovering therefrom; 
 transportation delays and interruptions; 
 difficulties in moving materials and products from one country to another, including port congestion, strikes or other labor disruptions and other transportation delays and interruptions; and 
 increased investment and operational complexity to make our products compatible with systems in various countries and compliant with local laws. 
 Because of the importance of international sales, sourcing and manufacturing to our business, our financial condition and results of operations could be significantly harmed if any of the risks described above were to occur or if we are otherwise unsuccessful in managing our increasingly global business. 
 Increases in tariffs, trade restrictions or taxes on our products could have an adverse impact on our operations. 
 The commerce we conduct in the international marketplace makes us subject to tariffs, trade restrictions and other taxes when the raw materials or components we purchase, and the products we ship, cross international borders. Trade tensions between the United States and China, and other countries have been escalating in recent years. U.S. tariff impositions against Chinese exports have been followed by retaliatory Chinese tariffs on U.S. exports to China. Certain of the products we purchase from manufacturers in China have been or may in the future be subject to these tariffs, which could make our products less competitive than those of our competitors whose inputs are not subject to these tariffs. Products we sell into certain foreign markets could also become subject to similar retaliatory tariffs, making the products we sell uncompetitive compared to similar products not subjected to such import tariffs. More recently, the U.S. government enacted the Uyghur Forced Labor Prevention Act, which effectively bars the importation into the United States of products made in or sourced from the Xinjiang region of China. The Xinjiang region of China is the source of a large portion of the world's cotton supply and this import ban may impact prices and the availability of cotton for our clothing products. 
 32 

Table of Contents 

 As a U.S. company, we are subject to U.S. export control and economic sanctions laws and regulations, and we are required to export our products in compliance with those laws and regulations, including the U.S. Export Administration Regulations and economic and trade sanctions programs administered by the Treasury Department s Office of Foreign Assets Control. U.S. economic sanctions and export control laws and regulations prohibit the shipment of specified products and services to countries, governments and persons that are the subject of U.S. sanctions. While we take precautions against doing any business, directly or indirectly, in or with countries, governments and persons subject to U.S. sanctions, such measures may be circumvented. There can be no assurance that we will be in compliance with U.S. export control or economic sanctions laws and regulations in the future. Any such violation could result in criminal or civil fines, penalties or other sanctions and repercussions, including reputational harm that could materially adversely affect our business. 
 Further changes in U.S. trade policies, tariffs, taxes, export restrictions or other trade barriers, or restrictions on raw materials or components may limit our ability to produce products, increase our manufacturing costs, decrease our profit margins, reduce the competitiveness of our products, or inhibit our ability to sell products or purchase raw materials or components, which would have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. 
 The United Kingdom s withdrawal from the European Union may have a negative effect on global economic conditions, financial markets and our business. 
 Following a national referendum and subsequent legislation, the United Kingdom formally withdrew from the European Union, commonly referred to as Brexit, and ratified a trade and cooperation agreement governing its future relationship with the European Union. Among other things, the agreement, which became effective in 2021, addresses trade, economic arrangements, law enforcement, judicial cooperation and governance. Because the agreement merely sets forth a framework in many respects that requires complex additional bilateral negotiations between the United Kingdom and the European Union, significant uncertainty remains about how the precise terms of the relationship between the parties will differ from the terms before withdrawal. 
 These developments, or the perception that any of them could occur, have had and may continue to have a material adverse effect on global economic conditions and the stability of global financial markets, and may significantly reduce global market liquidity and restrict the ability of key market participants to operate in certain financial markets. 
 Any of these factors could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. Our operations in the United Kingdom subject us to revenue risk with respect to our customers in the United Kingdom and adverse movements in foreign currency exchange rates, in addition to risks related to the general economic and legal uncertainty related to Brexit described above. 
 Unanticipated changes in effective tax rates or adverse outcomes resulting from examination of our income or other tax returns could adversely affect our operating results and financial condition. 
 We are subject to income taxes in the United States and the United Kingdom, and our tax liabilities will be subject to the allocation of expenses in differing jurisdictions. Our future effective tax rates could be subject to volatility or adversely affected by a number of factors, including: 
 changes in the valuation of our deferred tax assets and liabilities; 
 expected timing and amount of the release of any tax valuation allowances; 
 tax effects of equity-based compensation; 
 costs related to intercompany restructurings; or 
 changes in tax laws, regulations or interpretations thereof. 
 In addition, we may be subject to audits of our income, sales and other transaction taxes by the U.K., U.S. federal and state authorities. Outcomes from these audits could have an adverse effect on our operating results and financial condition. 
 33 

Table of Contents 

 Our business depends in large part on our vendors and outsourcers, and our reputation and ability to effectively operate our business may be harmed by actions taken by these third parties outside of our control. 
 We rely significantly on vendor and outsourcing relationships with third parties for services and systems including manufacturing, transportation, logistics and information technology. We use third party logistics companies to process and fulfill customer orders in Europe and the U.S. Any shortcoming of one of our vendors or outsourcers, including our third party logistics providers, particularly one affecting the quality of these services or systems, may be attributed by customers to us, thus damaging our reputation and brand value, and potentially affecting our results of operations. This includes potential shipping delays as a result of container availability or other global capacity constraints. In addition, problems with transitioning these services and systems to, or operating failures with, these vendors and outsourcers could cause delays in product sales, reduce the efficiency of our operations and require significant capital investments to remediate. 
 We are subject to various government regulations and may be subject to additional regulations in the future, violation of which could subject us to sanctions or otherwise harm our business. 
 As a company that designs and sells consumer products, we are subject to significant government regulation, including, in the United States, under the CPSA, the FHSA, the CPSIA and the FFA, as well as under product safety and consumer protection statutes in our international markets. There can be no assurance that we will be in compliance, and failure to comply with these acts could result in sanctions which could have a negative impact on our business, financial condition and results of operations. This risk is exacerbated by our reliance on third parties to manufacture our products. See Our use of third-party manufacturers to produce our products presents risks to our business. 
 Governments and regulatory agencies in the markets in which we manufacture and sell products may enact additional regulations relating to product safety and consumer protection in the future and may also increase the penalties for failing to comply with such regulations. In addition, one or more of our customers might require changes in our products, such as the non-use of certain materials, in the future. Complying with any such additional regulations or requirements could impose increased costs on our business. Similarly, increased penalties for non-compliance could subject us to greater expense in the event any of our products were found to not comply with such regulations. Such increased costs or penalties could harm our business. 
 As discussed above, our international operations subject us to a host of other governmental regulations throughout the world, including antitrust, customs and tax requirements, anti-boycott regulations, environmental regulations and the FCPA. Complying with these regulations imposes costs on us which can reduce our profitability, and our failure to successfully comply with any such legal requirements could subject us to monetary liabilities and other sanctions that could further harm our business and financial condition. 
 For example, in 2019 we identified that our subsidiary, Loungefly, historically underpaid certain duties owed to U.S. Customs. In May 2019, we notified U.S. Customs of potential underpayments of customs duties and commenced an internal investigation to determine the cause of the underpayments and the proper amount of duties owed for the applicable five-year statute of limitations period. We identified a total of approximately 7.8 million in underpayments to U.S. Customs during the period from May 24, 2014 through June 30, 2019, 6.3 million of which related to previously issued financial statements. In July 2019, we submitted payment of 7.8 million to U.S. Customs along with a report explaining the nature of the underpayments. The fact that such underpayments occurred could lead to government investigation or litigation, which could result in additional payments and potential penalties. Pursuant to the applicable statute, for an importer that meets all of the requirements for self-reporting underpayments, the maximum civil potential penalty is 100 of the lawful duties, taxes, and fees due to U.S. Customs and the civil penalty for an importer who fails to meet the self-reporting requirements is up to the value of the merchandise associated with underpayment. We have recorded a contingent liability of 0.8 million related to potential penalties that may be assessed by U.S. Customs in this matter. This amount is recorded under the caption Accrued expenses and other current liabilities in our consolidated balance sheet, as of December 31, 2022. As of the date of this Annual Report on Form 10-K, we are not aware of any investigation that has been initiated by U.S. Customs or any other governmental body. If U.S. Customs or any other governmental body elects to investigate us and decides to impose penalties, the imposition of penalties could be in excess of the contingent liability that we have recorded in our consolidated balance sheet. The imposition of any penalties or other remedial measures could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, and financial condition. 
 34 

Table of Contents 

 As digital assets are a relatively new and emerging asset class, the regulatory, commercial, and legal framework governing digital assets and associated products and services is likely to evolve both in the U.S. and internationally and implicates issues regarding a range of matters, including, but not limited to, intellectual property rights, consumer protection, privacy and cybersecurity, anti-money laundering, sanctions and currency, tax, money transmission, commodity, and securities law compliance. We may need to comply with new licensing or registration requirements, revise our compliance and risk mitigation measures, institute a ban on certain digital assets or transactions thereof, and/or suspend or shut down our products or services in one or more jurisdictions. We may also face substantial costs to operationalize and comply with new legal or regulatory requirements. It is difficult to predict how the legal and regulatory framework and oversight/enforcement infrastructure around digital assets will develop and how such developments will impact our business and these new product offerings since the market for digital assets, and NFTs in particular, is relatively nascent. 
 Our e-commerce business is subject to numerous risks that could have an adverse effect on our business and results of operations. 
 Although sales through our websites have constituted a small portion of our net sales historically, we expect to continue to grow our e-commerce business in the future. Though sales through our websites generally have higher profit margins and provide us useful insight on the sales impact of certain of our marketing campaigns, further development of our e-commerce business also subjects us to a number of risks. Our online sales may negatively impact our relationships with our retail customers and distributors if they perceive that we are competing with them. In addition, online commerce is subject to increasing regulation by states, the federal government and various foreign jurisdictions. Compliance with these laws will increase our costs of doing business, and our failure to comply with these laws could also subject us to potential fines, claims for damages and other remedies, any of which would have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 Additionally, some jurisdictions have implemented, or may implement, laws that require remote sellers of goods and services to collect and remit taxes on sales to customers located within the jurisdiction. In particular, the Streamlined Sales Tax Project (an ongoing, multi-year effort by U.S. state and local governments to pursue federal legislation that would require collection and remittance of sales tax by out-of-state sellers) could allow states that meet certain simplification and other criteria to require out-of-state sellers to collect and remit sales taxes on goods purchased by in-state residents. Furthermore, in June 2018, the U.S. Supreme Court ruled in South Dakota v. Wayfair that a U.S. state may require an online retailer with no in-state property or personnel to collect and remit sales taxes on sales made to the state s residents, which may permit wider enforcement of sales tax collection requirements. These collection responsibilities and the complexity associated with tax collection, remittance and audit requirements would also increase the costs associated with our e-commerce business. 
 Furthermore, our e-commerce operations subject us to risks related to the computer systems that operate our websites and related support systems, such as system failures, viruses, computer hackers, cyberattacks and similar disruptions, or the perception thereof. If we are unable to continually add software and hardware, effectively upgrade our systems and network infrastructure and take other steps to improve the efficiency of our systems, system interruptions or delays could occur that adversely affect our operating results and harm our brand. While we depend on our technology vendors to manage up-time of the front-end e-commerce store, manage the intake of our orders, and export orders for fulfillment, we could begin to run all or a greater portion of these components ourselves in the future. Any failure on the part of our third-party e-commerce vendors or in our ability to transition third-party services effectively could result in lost sales and harm our brand. 
 There is a risk that consumer demand for our products online may not generate sufficient sales to make our e-commerce business profitable, as consumer demand for physical products online may be less than in traditional retail sales channels. To the extent our e-commerce business does not generate more net sales than costs, our business, financial condition and results of operations will be adversely affected. 
 35 

Table of Contents 

 We could be subject to future product liability suits or product recalls which could have a significant adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. 
 As a company that designs and sells consumer products, we may be subject to product liability suits or involuntary product recalls or may choose to voluntarily conduct a product recall. While costs associated with product liability claims and product recalls have generally not been material to our business, the costs associated with future product liability claims or product recalls in any given fiscal year, individually or in the aggregate, could be significant. In addition, any product recall, regardless of the direct costs of the recall, could harm consumer perceptions of our products, subject us to additional government scrutiny, divert development and management resources, adversely affect our business operations and otherwise put us at a competitive disadvantage compared to other companies in our industry, any of which could have a significant adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. 
 We are currently subject to securities class action and derivative litigation and may be subject to similar or other litigation in the future, all of which will require significant management time and attention, result in significant legal expenses and may result in unfavorable outcomes, which may have a material adverse effect on our business, operating results and financial condition, and negatively affect the price of our Class A common stock. 
 We are, and may in the future become, subject to various legal proceedings and claims that arise in or outside the ordinary course of business. For example, on March 10, 2020, a purported stockholder of the Company filed a putative class action lawsuit in the United States District Court for the Central District of California against us and certain of our officers, entitled Ferreira v. Funko, Inc. et al . The original complaint alleged that we violated Sections 10(b) and 20(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act as well as Rule 10b-5 promulgated thereunder. The lawsuit sought, among other things, compensatory damages and attorneys fees and costs. Two additional complaints making substantially similar allegations were filed April 3, 2020 in the United States District Court for the Central District of California and April 9, 2020 in the United States District Court for the Western District of Washington, respectively. On June 11, 2020, the Central District of California actions were consolidated for all purposes into one action under the Ferreira caption, and lead plaintiffs and lead counsel were appointed pursuant to the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act; shortly thereafter, the Western District of Washington action was voluntarily dismissed. Lead plaintiffs filed a consolidated complaint on July 31, 2020, against us and certain of our officers and directors, as well as entities affiliated with ACON. 
 The consolidated complaint added Section 10(b) and 20(a) claims based on our earnings announcement and Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2019, as well as claims under Section 20A of the Exchange Act. All defendants moved to dismiss the consolidated action and the Court granted all defendants motions to dismiss the Ferreira action on February 25, 2021, allowing the lead plaintiffs leave to amend the complaint. Lead plaintiffs filed an amended complaint on March 29, 2021 and all defendants moved to dismiss. On October 25, 2021, the Court issued an order granting defendants motion in part and denying the motion in part. On May 3, 2022, the parties agreed in principle to settle the litigation. The Court granted preliminary approval of the settlement on July 17, 2022 and granted final approval on November 7, 2022. The cost of settlement was paid through our director and officer liability insurance. 
 Several stockholder derivative actions based on the earnings announcement and Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2019 have been brought on behalf of the Company against certain of our directors and officers. Specifically, on April 23, June 5, and June 10, 2020, the actions captioned Cassella v. Mariotti et al., Evans v. Mariotti et al ., and Igelido v. Mariotti et al. , respectively, were filed in the United States District Court for the Central District of California. On July 6, 2020, these three actions were consolidated for all purposes into one action under the title In re Funko, Inc. Derivative Litigation , and on August 13, 2020, the consolidated action was stayed pending final resolution of the motion to dismiss in the Ferreira action. On May 9, 2022, another complaint, asserting substantially similar claims, was filed in the U.S. District Court for the Central District of California, captioned Smith v. Mariotti, et al. Our responses to the complaints in both the consolidated action and Smith v. Mariotti are scheduled to be submitted on March 10, 2023. 
 On June 11, 2021, a purported stockholder filed an additional derivative action, captioned Silverberg v. Mariotti, et al. , in the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware. On July 5, 2022, two purported stockholders filed an additional derivative action in the Court of Chancery, captioned Fletcher, et al. v. Mariotti . That complaint also asserts claims arising out of same issues and events as the Silverberg litigation and the derivative actions pending in the Central District of California. 
 36 

Table of Contents 

 Additionally, between November 16, 2017 and June 12, 2018, seven purported stockholders of the Company filed putative class action lawsuits in the Superior Court of Washington in and for King County against us, certain of our officers and directors, ACON, Fundamental, the underwriters of our IPO, and certain other defendants. 
 On July 2, 2018, the suits were ordered consolidated for all purposes into one action under the title In re Funko, Inc. Securities Litigation . On August 1, 2018, plaintiffs filed a consolidated complaint against us, certain of our officers and directors, ACON, Fundamental, and certain other defendants. We moved to dismiss twice, and the Court twice granted our motions to dismiss, the second time with prejudice. Plaintiffs appealed and on November 1, 2021, the Court of Appeals reversed the trial court s dismissal decision in most respects. On May 4, 2022, the Washington State Supreme Court denied the Defendants petition, and the case was remanded to the Superior Court for further proceedings. We filed our answer on September 19, 2022, and discovery is currently ongoing. 
 On June 4, 2018, a putative class action lawsuit entitled Kanugonda v. Funko, Inc., et al. was filed in the United States District Court for the Western District of Washington against us, certain of our officers and directors, and certain other defendants. On January 4, 2019, a lead plaintiff was appointed in that case. On April 30, 2019, the lead plaintiff filed an amended complaint against the previously named defendants. Funko must respond to the Complaint in the federal action, now captioned Berkelhammer v. Funko, Inc. et al. , by March 13, 2023. 
 The cases in Washington state court and Berkelhammer v. Funko, Inc. et al. allege that we violated Sections 11, 12, and 15 of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended Securities Act ), by making allegedly materially misleading statements in documents filed with the SEC in connection with our IPO and by omitting material facts necessary to make the statements made therein not misleading. The lawsuits seek, among other things, compensatory statutory damages and rescissory damages in account of the consideration paid for our Class A common stock by the plaintiffs and members of the putative class, as well as attorneys fees and costs. 
 On January 18, 2022, a purported stockholder filed a putative class action lawsuit in the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware, captioned Shumacher v. Mariotti, et al. , relating to our corporate Up-C structure and bringing direct claims for breach of fiduciary duties against certain current and former officers and directors. On March 31, 2022, we moved to dismiss the action. In response to defendants motion to dismiss, Plaintiff filed an Amended Complaint on May 25, 2022. The amendment did not materially change the claims at issue, and the Defendants again moved to dismiss on July 29, 2022. On December 15, 2022, Plaintiff opposed the Defendants motion to dismiss, and also moved for attorneys fees. Briefing on the motion to dismiss was completed on February 8, 2023; briefing on Plaintiff s fee application is expected to be completed on March 10, 2023. 
 The results of the securities class action lawsuits, derivative lawsuits, and any future legal proceedings cannot be predicted with certainty. Also, our insurance coverage may be insufficient, our assets may be insufficient to cover any amounts that exceed our insurance coverage, and we may have to pay damage awards or otherwise may enter into settlement arrangements in connection with such claims. Any such payments or settlement arrangements in current or future litigation could have a material adverse effect on our business, operating results or financial condition. Even if the plaintiffs claims are not successful, current or future litigation could result in substantial costs and significantly and adversely impact our reputation and divert management s attention and resources, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, operating results and financial condition, and negatively affect the price of our Class A common stock. In addition, such lawsuits may make it more difficult to finance our operations. 
 We may not realize the anticipated benefits of acquisitions or investments, the realization of such benefits may be delayed or reduced or our acquisitions or investments may have unexpected costs. 
 Acquisitions have been a component of our growth and the development of our business and are likely to continue to be in the future. Acquisitions can broaden and diversify our brand holdings and product offerings, expand our distribution capabilities and allow us to build additional capabilities and competencies. We cannot be certain that the products and offerings of companies we may acquire, or acquire an interest in, will achieve or maintain popularity with consumers in the future or that any such acquired companies or investments will allow us to more effectively distribute our products, market our products, develop our competencies or grow our business. 
 37 

Table of Contents 

 For example, in the first quarter of 2021 we acquired a majority interest and in October 2022 acquired the remainder of the membership interests in TokenWave LLC, the developer of a mobile application for tracking and displaying NFTs, to accelerate our entry into the digital collectible space. We launched our first Digital Pop! NFT collection in the third quarter of 2021 and have conducted additional NFT drops on a regular cadence since then. The market and consumer demand, as well as the legal and regulatory framework, for NFTs and other digital collectible products is new, rapidly developing and highly uncertain. No assurance can be given that our investment in TokenWave LLC, or our development or future launch of NFT or digital collectible products, will be successful. 
 Similarly, in the year ended December 31, 2022, we acquired Mondo Collectibles, LLC (f/k/a Mondo Tees Buyer, LLC) Mondo ), a high-end pop culture collectibles company that creates vinyl records, posters, soundtracks, toys, apparel, books, games and other collectibles for preliminary purchase consideration of 14.0 million in cash. This transaction represents an opportunity to expand the Company s product offerings into vinyl records, posters and other high-end collectibles, however the Company has limited experience selling these product categories and there can be no assurance that we will be able to successfully or profitably enter these product categories at scale. 
 In some cases, we expect that the integration of the companies that we may acquire into our operations will create production, distribution, marketing and other operating synergies which will produce greater sales growth and profitability and, where applicable, cost savings, operating efficiencies and other advantages. However, we cannot be certain that these synergies, efficiencies and cost savings will be realized. Even if achieved, these benefits may be delayed or reduced in their realization. In other cases, we may acquire or invest in companies that we believe have strong and creative management, in which case we may plan to operate them more autonomously rather than fully integrating them into our operations. We cannot be certain that the key individuals at these companies would continue to work for us after the acquisition or that they would develop popular and profitable products, in the future. There is no guarantee that any acquisition or investment we may make will be successful or beneficial or that we will be able to manage the integration process successfully, and acquisitions can consume significant amounts of management attention and other resources, which may negatively impact other aspects of our business. 
 The further development and acceptance of blockchain networks, which are part of a new and rapidly changing industry, are subject to a variety of factors that are difficult to evaluate. The slowing or stopping of the development or acceptance of blockchain networks and blockchain assets could have an adverse material effect on the successful development and adoption of our non-fungible token NFT and digital collectible business. 
 The growth of the blockchain industry in general, as well as the blockchain networks on which our NFT and digital collectible business relies, is subject to a high degree of uncertainty. The factors affecting the further development of blockchain networks and digital assets, include, without limitation: 
 worldwide growth in the adoption and use of digital assets and other blockchain technologies; 
 government and quasi-government regulation of digital assets and their use, or restrictions on or regulation of access to and operation of blockchain networks or similar systems; 
 the maintenance and development of the open-source software protocol of blockchain networks; 
 changes in consumer demographics and public tastes and preferences; 
 the availability and popularity of other forms or methods of buying and selling goods and services, or trading assets including new means of using government-backed currencies or existing networks; 
 the extent to which current purchaser interest in cryptocurrencies represents a speculative bubble; 
 the extent to which historic price volatility in cryptocurrencies and digital assets continues into the future; 
 general economic conditions in the United States and the world; 
 the regulatory environment relating to cryptocurrencies and blockchains; and 
 a decline in the popularity or acceptance of cryptocurrencies or other blockchain-based tokens. 
 38 

Table of Contents 

 Moreover, if and to the extent we are unable to successfully expand our NFT and digital collectible business, we may incur unanticipated costs and losses, and face other adverse consequences, such as negative reputational effects. In addition, the actual effects of pursuing these initiatives may differ, possibly materially, from the benefits that we expect to realize from them, such as the generation of additional revenues. 
 The digital assets industries as a whole have been characterized by rapid changes and innovations and are constantly evolving. Although they have experienced significant growth in recent years, the slowing or stopping of the development, general acceptance and adoption and usage of blockchain networks and blockchain assets may deter or delay the acceptance and adoption of our NFT and digital collectible business and, as a result, adversely affect the future prospects of our NFT and digital collectible business as well as our financial results and financial condition. 
 Digital assets are a novel asset class that carries unique risks, including extreme price volatility. 
 Cryptocurrencies, digital currencies, coins, tokens, NFTs, stablecoins, and other digital or crypto assets or instruments that are issued and transferred using distributed ledger or blockchain technology (collectively referred to herein as digital assets are a new and evolving asset class. The characteristics of particular digital assets within this broad asset class may differ significantly. 
 We receive payments in digital assets in connection with our secondary sales on our NFT and digital collectibles business. We also purchase digital assets for use as a currency for certain expenses related to our NFT and digital collectibles business. There is no guarantee that these investments and payments will maintain their value as measured against fiat currencies. Digital assets continue to be an emerging asset class based on emerging technologies, and our use of digital assets is subject to a number of factors relating to the capabilities and development of blockchain technologies, such as the infancy of their development, their dependence on the internet and other technologies, their dependence on the role played by miners, validators and developers and the potential for malicious activity, among other factors. Further, there can be no assurance that the blockchain technology on which digital assets are transacted does not have undiscovered flaws that may allow for such digital assets to be compromised, resulting in the loss of some or all of the digital assets we hold. Finally, the intrinsic value of digital assets is particularly uncertain and difficult to determine due to the novel and rapidly changing nature of digital asset markets. There can be no assurance that digital assets will maintain their value in the future, or that acceptance of using digital assets as currency or to make payments by mainstream retail merchants and commercial businesses, or for any other uses, will continue to grow. Moreover, due to the novelty of the asset class and the evolving patchwork of regulatory oversight of digital asset markets, fraud and market manipulation are not uncommon in such markets, all of which could negatively impact the value of our digital assets and have an adverse impact on our business. 
 Use of social media may materially and adversely affect our reputation or subject us to fines or other penalties. 
 We rely to a large extent on our online presence to reach consumers and use third-party social media platforms as marketing tools. For example, we maintain Facebook, Twitter, Instagram, TikTok and YouTube accounts. As e-commerce and social media platforms continue to rapidly evolve, we must continue to maintain a presence on these platforms and establish presences on new or emerging popular social media platforms. If we are unable to cost-effectively use social media platforms as marketing tools, our ability to acquire new consumers and our financial condition may suffer. Furthermore, as laws and regulations rapidly evolve to govern the use of these platforms, the failure by us, our employees or third parties acting at our direction to abide by applicable laws and regulations in the use of these platforms could subject us to regulatory investigations, class action lawsuits, liability, fines or other penalties and have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and result of operations. 
 39 

Table of Contents 

 Failure to successfully operate our information systems and implement new technology effectively could disrupt our business or reduce our sales or profitability. 
 We rely extensively on various information technology systems and software applications, including our enterprise resource planning software, to manage many aspects of our business, including product development, management of our supply chain, sale and delivery of our products, financial reporting and various other processes and transactions. We are critically dependent on the integrity, security and consistent operations of these systems and related back-up systems. These systems are subject to damage or interruption from power outages, computer and telecommunications failures, usage errors by our employees, software bugs or misconfigurations, cybersecurity attacks, computer viruses, malware and other security breaches, as well as catastrophic events such as hurricanes, fires, floods, earthquakes, tornadoes, acts of war or terrorism and global pandemics. For example, the widely publicized vulnerability in Apache's Log4j software library disclosed in December 2021 was reported to have affected many organizations globally, requiring updates to patched versions of the software. While we were not impacted by this vulnerability, this incident demonstrates that similar third-party software vulnerabilities may impact us in the future. The efficient operation and successful growth of our business depends on these information systems, including our ability to operate and upgrade them effectively and to select and implement adequate disaster recovery systems successfully. The failure of these information systems to perform as designed, our failure to operate them effectively, or a security breach or disruption, or the perception thereof, in operation of our information systems could disrupt our business, require significant capital investments to remediate a problem or subject us to liability. At December 31, 2022, we determined the enterprise resource planning software was not feasible for its intended purpose and abandoned the cloud computing arrangement, incurring a 32.5 million write-down. 
 In addition, we have recently implemented, and expect to continue to invest in and implement, modifications and upgrades to our information technology systems and procedures to support our growth and the development of our e-commerce business. These modifications and upgrades could require substantial investment and may not improve our profitability at a level that outweighs their costs, or at all. In addition, the process of implementing any new technology systems involves inherent costs and risks, including potential delays and system failures, the potential disruption of our internal control structure, the diversion of management s time and attention, and the need to re-train or hire new employees, any of which could disrupt our business operations and have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 40 

Table of Contents 

 Our indebtedness could adversely affect our financial health and competitive position. 
 On September 17, 2021, we entered into a new credit agreement (the "New Credit Agreement"), providing for a term loan facility in the amount of 180.0 million (the "New Term Loan Facility") and a revolving credit facility of 100.0 million (the "New Revolving Credit Facility" and together with the New Term Loan Facility, the " New Credit Facilities"). Proceeds from the New Term Loan Facility were primarily used to repay the Company s former term loan facility. On July 29, 2022, the New Credit Agreement was further amended by the Second Amendment, which, among other things, increased the New Revolving Credit Facility to 215.0 million. As of December 31, 2022, we had 225.8 million of indebtedness outstanding under our New Credit Facilities, consisting of 155.8 million outstanding under our New Term Loan Facility (net of unamortized discount of 1.7 million) and 70.0 million outstanding borrowings under our New Revolving Credit Facility. Subsequent to December 31, 2022, our projections indicated that we would be unable to maintain compliance with the financial covenants under the New Credit Agreement as of March 31, 2023 and, on February 28, 2023, we entered into a further amendment (the "Third Amendment") to the New Credit Agreement to, among other things, (i) modify the financial covenants under the New Credit Agreement for the period beginning on the date of the Third Amendment through the fiscal quarter ending December 31, 2023 (the Waiver Period ), (ii) reduce the size of the New Revolving Credit Facility from 215 million to 180.0 million as of the date of the Third Amendment and thereafter to 150.0 million on December 31, 2023, which reduction shall be permanent after the Waiver Period, (iii) restrict the ability to draw on the New Revolving Credit Facility during the Waiver Period in excess of the amount outstanding on the date of the Third Amendment, (iv) increase the margin payable under the Credit Facilities during the Waiver Period to (a) 4.00 per annum with respect to any Term Benchmark Loan or RFR Loan (each as defined in the New Credit Agreement), and (b) 3.00 per annum with respect to any Canadian Prime Loan or ABR Loan (each as defined in the New Credit Agreement), (iv) allow that any calculation of Consolidated EBITDA (as defined in the New Credit Agreement) that includes the fiscal quarters during the Waiver Period may include certain agreed upon amounts for certain addbacks, (v) further limit our ability to make certain restricted payments, including the ability to pay dividends or make other distributions on equity interests, or redeem, repurchase or retire equity interests, incur additional indebtedness, incur additional liens, enter into sale and leaseback transactions or issue additional equity interests or securities convertible into or exchange for equity interests (other than the issuance of common stock) during the Waiver Period, (vi) require a minimum cash requirement of at least 10.0 million and (vii) require a mandatory prepayment of the New Revolving Credit Facility during the Waiver Period with any cash proceeds in excess of 25.0 million. Following the Waiver Period, beginning in the fiscal quarter ended March 31, 2024, the Third Amendment resets the maximum Net Leverage Ratio and the minimum Fixed Charge Coverage Ratio (each as defined in the New Credit Agreement) that must be maintained by the Credit Agreement Parties to 2.50:1.00 and 1.25:1.00, respectively, which were the ratios in effect under the New Credit Agreement prior to the Third Amendment. 
 On November 25, 2022, Funko, LLC, Funko Games, LLC, Funko Acquisition Holdings, L.L.C., Funko Holdings LLC and Loungefly, LLC, (collectively, "Equipment Finance Credit Parties"), entered into a 20.0 million equipment finance agreement ("Equipment Finance Loan") with Wells Fargo Equipment Finance, Inc. The Equipment Finance Loan is secured by certain identified assets held within our Buckeye, Arizona warehouse. As of December 31, 2022, the Company had 20.0 million outstanding under the Equipment Finance Loan. 
 In order to service this indebtedness and any additional indebtedness we may incur in the future, we need to generate cash. Our ability to generate cash is subject, to a certain extent, to our ability to successfully execute our business strategy, as well as general economic, financial, competitive, regulatory and other factors beyond our control. We cannot assure you that our business will be able to generate sufficient cash flow from operations or that future borrowings or other financing will be available to us in an amount sufficient to enable us to service our indebtedness and fund our other liquidity needs. To the extent we are required to use our cash flow from operations or the proceeds of any future financing to service our indebtedness instead of funding working capital, capital expenditures or other general corporate purposes, we will be less able to plan for, or react to, changes in our business, industry and in the economy generally. This will place us at a competitive disadvantage compared to our competitors that have less indebtedness. 
 In addition, the New Credit Agreement contains, and any agreements evidencing or governing other future indebtedness may contain, certain restrictive covenants that limit our ability, among other things, to engage in certain activities that are in our long-term best interests, including our ability to: 
 incur additional indebtedness; 
 incur certain liens; 
 41 

Table of Contents 

 consolidate, merge or sell or otherwise dispose of our assets; 
 make investments, loans, advances, guarantees and acquisitions; 
 pay dividends or make other distributions on equity interests, or redeem, repurchase or retire equity interests; 
 enter into transactions with our affiliates; 
 enter into sale and leaseback transactions in respect to real property; 
 enter into swap agreements; 
 enter into agreements restricting our subsidiaries ability to pay dividends; 
 issue or sell equity interests or securities convertible into or exchangeable for equity interests; 
 redeem, repurchase or refinance our other indebtedness; and 
 amend or modify our governing documents. 
 Additionally, as noted above, during the Waiver Period these restrictive covenants contain incremental requirements that limit our ability to engage in certain of these activities and, as such, our operations may be even more limited during this period, which could limit our ability to engage in transactions that may be in our long-term best interests. The restrictive covenants in the New Credit Agreement also include certain financial covenants that require us to comply on a quarterly basis with a maximum net leverage ratio and a minimum fixed charge coverage ratio (in each case, measured on a trailing four-quarter basis) other than during the Waiver Period. Although we are currently in the Waiver Period where we do not need to comply with these covenants, there can be no guarantee that we will not breach these covenants in the future after the Waiver Period. Our ability to comply with our financial covenants and the other covenants and restrictions under our credit facilities may be affected by events and factors beyond our control, and there can be no guarantee that we will be able to further amend our credit facilities in order to avoid or mitigate the risk of any potential breach that may occur in the future. Our failure to comply with our financial covenants as described above, or with any of the other covenants or restrictions under our credit facilities, could result in an event of default under our credit facilities. This would permit the lending banks under such facilities to take certain actions, including halting future borrowings under the New Revolving Credit Facility, terminating all outstanding commitments and declaring all amounts due under our New Credit Agreement to be immediately due and payable, including all outstanding borrowings, accrued and unpaid interest thereon, and prepayment premiums with respect to such borrowings and any terminated commitments. In addition, the Lenders would have the right to proceed against the collateral we granted to them, which includes substantially all of our assets. The occurrence of any of these events could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 We may not be able to secure additional financing on favorable terms, or at all, to meet our future capital needs. 
 In the future, we may require additional capital to respond to business opportunities, challenges, acquisitions or unforeseen circumstances, including in the event we are unable to maintain compliance with the financial or other covenants contained in the New Credit Agreement, and may determine to engage in equity or debt financings or enter into credit facilities or refinance existing indebtedness for other reasons. As discussed above, under the terms of the Third Amendment to the New Credit Agreement we are unable to draw amounts in excess of the amount outstanding on the effective date of the Third Amendment under our New Revolver Credit Facility until the end of the Waiver Period. 
 42 

Table of Contents 

 We may not be able to timely secure additional debt or equity financing on favorable terms, or at all, including due to market volatility and uncertainty resulting from the COVID-19 pandemic, the war in Ukraine or the potential for U.S. sovereign debt default. As discussed above, the New Credit Agreement contains restrictive covenants that limit our ability to incur additional indebtedness and engage in other capital-raising activities, which restrictive covenants contain additional limitations on our ability to raise debt and issue new equity (other than common equity) during the Waiver Period. Any debt financing obtained by us in the future could involve covenants that further restrict our capital raising activities and other financial and operational matters, which may make it more difficult for us to operate our business, obtain additional capital and pursue business opportunities, including potential acquisitions. Furthermore, if we raise additional funds through the issuance of equity or convertible debt or other equity-linked securities, our existing stockholders could suffer significant dilution. If we are unable to obtain adequate financing or financing on terms satisfactory to us, when we require it, our ability to continue to grow or support our business, respond to business challenges and continue as a going concern could be significantly limited. 
 ORGANIZATIONAL STRUCTURE RISKS 
 TCG has significant influence over us, including over decisions that require the approval of stockholders, and its interests, along with the interests of our Continuing Equity Owners, in our business may conflict with the interests of our other stockholders. 
 Each share of our Class A common stock and Class B common stock entitles its holders to one vote per share on all matters presented to our stockholders. On May 19, 2022, ACON completed, pursuant to the Stock Purchase Agreement with TCG, the sale of 12,520,559 shares of our Class A common stock (including shares of Class A common stock issued upon the transfer of common units of FAH, LLC and the cancellation of shares of our Class B common stock) to TCG (the "ACON Sale"). Accordingly, TCG currently has significant influence over substantially all transactions and other matters submitted to a vote of our stockholders, such as a merger, consolidation, dissolution or sale of all or substantially all of our assets, the issuance or redemption of certain additional equity interests, and the election of directors. This influence may increase the likelihood that we will consummate transactions that are not in the best interests of holders of our Class A common stock or, conversely, prevent the consummation of transactions that are in the best interests of holders of our Class A common stock 
 We entered into a new Stockholders Agreement with TCG (the New Stockholders Agreement ), as well as a Joinder and Amendment to our Registration Rights Agreement, both became effective at the closing of the ACON Sale. Pursuant to the New Stockholders Agreement, TCG has the right to designate certain of our directors, which we refer to as the TCG Directors, which will be two TCG Directors for as long as the TCG Related Parties (as defined in the New Stockholders Agreement) beneficially own directly or indirectly, in the aggregate at least 20 of our Class A common stock, and one TCG Director for as long as the TCG Related Parties beneficially own directly or indirectly, in the aggregate, less than 20 but at least 10 or more of our Class A common stock (assuming in each such case that all outstanding common units in FAH, LLC are redeemed for newly issued shares of our Class A common stock on a one-for-one basis). Additionally, we are required to take all commercially reasonable action to cause (1) the board of directors to be comprised of at least seven directors or such other number of directors as our board of directors may determine; (2) the individuals designated in accordance with the terms of the New Stockholders Agreement to be included in the slate of nominees to be elected to the board of directors at each annual meeting of our stockholders at which a director s term expires; and (3) the individuals designated in accordance with the terms of the New Stockholders Agreement to fill the applicable vacancies on the board of directors. 
 In addition, the New Stockholders Agreement provides that for as long as the TCG Related Parties, beneficially own, directly or indirectly, in the aggregate, 22 or more of all issued and outstanding shares of our Class A common stock (assuming that all outstanding common units in FAH, LLC are redeemed for newly issued shares of our Class A common stock on a one-for-one basis), we will not take, and will cause our subsidiaries not to take, certain actions or enter into certain transactions (whether by merger, consolidation, or otherwise) without the prior written approval of TCG, including: 
 entering into any transaction or series of related transactions in which any person or group (other than the TCG Related Parties and any group that includes the TCG Related Parties, acquires, directly or indirectly, in excess of 50 of the then outstanding shares of any class of our or our subsidiaries capital stock, or following which any such person or group has the direct or indirect power to elect a majority of the members of our board of directors or to replace us as the sole manager of FAH, LLC (or to add another person as co-manager of FAH, LLC); 
 43 

Table of Contents 

 the reorganization, voluntary bankruptcy, liquidation, dissolution or winding up of us or any of our subsidiaries; 
 the sale, lease or exchange of all or substantially all of our and our subsidiaries property and assets; 
 the resignation, replacement or removal of us as the sole manager of FAH, LLC, or the appointment of any additional person as a manager of FAH, LLC; 
 the creation of a new class or series of capital stock or other equity securities of us or, in the event such creation would materially and adversely impair the rights of the TCG Related Parties as holders of our Class A common stock, any of our subsidiaries; 
 the issuance of additional shares of Class A common stock, Class B common stock, preferred stock or other equity securities of us other than (x) under any stock option or other equity compensation plan approved by our board of directors or the compensation committee, or (y) pursuant to the exercise or conversion of any options, warrants or other securities existing as of the date of the New Stockholders Agreement or, in the event such creation would materially and adversely impair the rights of the TCG Related Parties as holders of our Class A common stock, equity securities of any of our subsidiaries; 
 any amendment or modification of our certificate of incorporation or bylaws or any similar organizational documents of any of our subsidiaries that would, in either case, materially and adversely impair the rights of the TCG Related Parties as holders of our Class A common stock, and 
 except to the extent of the express restrictions applicable to TCG and its controlled affiliates in the New Stockholders Agreement, any action to adopt, approve or implement any plan, agreement or provision that would, among other things, impair certain rights of TCG under the terms of the New Stockholders Agreement. 
 Additionally, the Continuing Equity Owners who, as of February 27, 2023, collectively hold approximately 6.7 of the combined voting power of our common stock, and certain transferees of former Continuing Equity Owners may receive payments from us under the Tax Receivable Agreement in connection with our purchase of common units of FAH, LLC directly from certain of the Continuing Equity Owners upon a redemption or exchange of their common units in FAH, LLC, including the issuance of shares of our Class A common stock upon any such redemption or exchange. Moreover, Continuing Equity Owners own interests in our business by holding interests in FAH, LLC directly (rather than through ownership of our Class A common stock). As a result of these considerations, the interests of the Continuing Equity Owners and such transferees may conflict with the interests of holders of our Class A common stock. For example, the Continuing Equity Owners and such transferees may have different interests in the tax positions or other actions that we take which could influence their decisions regarding whether and when to dispose of assets, whether and when to incur new or refinance existing indebtedness, and whether and when we should terminate the Tax Receivable Agreement and accelerate our obligations thereunder. In addition, the structuring of future transactions may take into consideration tax or other considerations of the Continuing Equity Owners even in situations where no similar considerations are relevant to us. 
 
 44 

Table of Contents 

 Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation provides that the doctrine of corporate opportunity does not apply with respect to any director or stockholder who is not employed by us or our subsidiaries. 
 The doctrine of corporate opportunity generally provides that a corporate fiduciary may not develop an opportunity using corporate resources, acquire an interest adverse to that of the corporation or acquire property that is reasonably incident to the present or prospective business of the corporation or in which the corporation has a present or expectancy interest, unless that opportunity is first presented to the corporation and the corporation chooses not to pursue that opportunity. The doctrine of corporate opportunity is intended to preclude officers or directors or other fiduciaries from personally benefiting from opportunities that belong to the corporation. Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation provides that the doctrine of corporate opportunity does not apply with respect to any director or stockholder who is not employed by us or our subsidiaries. Any director or stockholder who is not employed by us or our subsidiaries therefore has no duty to communicate or present corporate opportunities to us, and has the right to either hold any corporate opportunity for their (and their affiliates own account and benefit or to recommend, assign or otherwise transfer such corporate opportunity to persons other than us, including to any director or stockholder who is not employed by us or our subsidiaries. 
 As a result, certain of our stockholders, directors and their respective affiliates are not prohibited from operating or investing in competing businesses. We therefore may find ourselves in competition with certain of our stockholders, directors or their respective affiliates, and we may not have knowledge of, or be able to pursue, transactions that could potentially be beneficial to us. Accordingly, we may lose a corporate opportunity or suffer competitive harm, which could negatively impact our business or prospects. 
 Our principal asset consists of our interest in FAH, LLC, and accordingly, we depend on distributions from FAH, LLC to pay taxes and expenses, including payments under the Tax Receivable Agreement. FAH, LLC s ability to make such distributions may be subject to various limitations and restrictions. 
 We have no material assets other than our ownership of 47,191,571 common units of FAH, LLC as of December 31, 2022, representing approximately 91.6 of the economic interest in FAH, LLC. We have no independent means of generating revenue or cash flow, and our ability to pay dividends in the future, if any, is dependent upon the financial results and cash flows of FAH, LLC and its subsidiaries and distributions we receive from FAH, LLC. There can be no assurance that our subsidiaries will generate sufficient cash flow to dividend or distribute funds to us or that applicable local law and contractual restrictions, including negative covenants in our debt instruments, will permit such dividends or distributions. 
 FAH, LLC is treated as a partnership for U.S. federal income tax purposes and, as such, generally is not subject to entity-level U.S. federal income tax. Instead, taxable income is allocated to holders of its common units, including us. As a result, we incur income taxes on our allocable share of net taxable income of FAH, LLC. Under the terms of the FAH LLC Agreement, FAH, LLC is obligated to make tax distributions to its members, including us, except to the extent such distributions would render FAH, LLC insolvent or are otherwise prohibited by law or any limitations or restrictions in our debt agreements. The amount of such tax distribution is calculated based on the highest combined federal, state and local tax rate that may potentially apply to any one of FAH, LLC s members, regardless of the actual final tax liability of any such member. As a result of the foregoing, FAH, LLC may be obligated to make tax distributions in excess of some or all of its members actual tax liability, which could reduce its cash available for its business operations. In addition to tax expenses, we also incur expenses related to our operations, our interests in FAH, LLC and related party agreements, including payment obligations under the Tax Receivable Agreement and expenses and costs of being a public company, all of which could be significant. We intend, as its managing member, to cause FAH, LLC to make distributions in an amount sufficient to allow us to pay our taxes and operating expenses, including any ordinary course payments due under the Tax Receivable Agreement. However, FAH, LLC s ability to make such distributions may be subject to various limitations and restrictions including, but not limited to, restrictions on distributions that would either violate any contract or agreement to which FAH, LLC is then a party, including debt agreements, or any applicable law, or that would have the effect of rendering FAH, LLC insolvent. If FAH, LLC does not have sufficient funds to pay tax distributions or other liabilities to fund our operations, we may have to borrow funds, which could materially adversely affect our liquidity and financial condition and subject us to various restrictions imposed by any such lenders. To the extent that we are unable to make payments under the Tax Receivable Agreement for any reason, such payments will be deferred and will accrue interest until paid; provided, however, that nonpayment for a specified period may constitute a material breach of a material obligation under the Tax Receivable Agreement and therefore may accelerate payments due under the Tax Receivable Agreement. If FAH, LLC does not have sufficient funds to make distributions, our ability to declare and pay cash dividends may also be restricted or impaired. See Ownership of Our Class A Common Stock Risks. 
 45 

Table of Contents 

 In certain circumstances, FAH, LLC will be required to make distributions to us and the Continuing Equity Owners and certain of their transferees, and the distributions that FAH, LLC will be required to make may be substantial. 
 As discussed above, under the terms of the FAH LLC Agreement, FAH, LLC is obligated to make tax distributions to us and the Continuing Equity Owners and certain of their transferees based on the highest combined federal, state and local tax rates that may potentially apply to any one member of FAH, LLC and such distributions will generally be made to such holders pro rata based on their interests in FAH, LLC. As a result of potential differences in the amount of net taxable income allocable to us and to the Continuing Equity Owners and certain of their transferees, as well as the use of an assumed tax rate in calculating FAH, LLC s distribution obligations, we may receive distributions significantly in excess of our tax liabilities and obligations to make payments under the Tax Receivable Agreement. Funds we receive from FAH, LLC to satisfy its tax distribution obligations will not be available for reinvestment in our business. Our board of directors will determine the appropriate uses for any excess cash so accumulated, which may include, among other uses, the payment of a cash dividend on our Class A common stock, the payment of obligations under the Tax Receivable Agreement, the declaration of a stock dividend on our Class A common stock, along with the purchase of a corresponding number of common units in FAH, LLC, or the purchase of additional common units in FAH, LLC, along with a recapitalization of all of the outstanding common units in FAH, LLC. For example, on May 3, 2022, we entered into a common unit subscription agreement with FAH, LLC pursuant to which we purchased 4,251,701 newly issued common units in exchange for a capital contribution of approximately 74.0 million (the Capital Contribution ). Following the Capital Contribution, (i) the common units of FAH, LLC were recapitalized through a reverse unit split in order to maintain a one-to-one ratio between the number of common units owned by us and the number of outstanding shares of our Class A common stock in accordance with the FAH LLC Agreement, and (ii) approximately 0.9 million outstanding shares of our Class B common stock were cancelled in order to maintain a one-to-one ratio between the number of shares of Class B common stock and the number of common units (other than common units issuable upon the exercise of options), in each case, held by the Continuing Equity Owners, in accordance with our amended and restated certificate of incorporation (clauses (i) and (ii) together, the Recapitalization ). To the extent we do not take such actions in the future and instead, for example, hold such cash balances or lend them to FAH, LLC, the Continuing Equity Owners and certain of their transferees that hold interests in FAH, LLC would benefit from any value attributable to such accumulated cash balances as a result of their ownership of Class A common stock following an exchange of their common units for Class A common stock. 
 Our Tax Receivable Agreement requires us to make cash payments in respect of certain tax benefits to which we may become entitled, the amounts that we may be required to pay could be significant, and we may not realize such tax benefits. 
 In connection with the consummation of the IPO, we entered into the Tax Receivable Agreement with FAH, LLC and each of the Continuing Equity Owners, and certain transferees of the Continuing Equity Owners have been joined as parties to the Tax Receivable Agreement (the parties entitled to payments under the Tax Receivable Agreement are referred to herein as the "TRA Parties"). Pursuant to the Tax Receivable Agreement, we will be required to make cash payments to the TRA Parties equal to 85 of the tax benefits, if any, that we realize, or in some circumstances are deemed to realize as a result of (1) any future redemptions funded by us or exchanges (or deemed exchanges in certain circumstances) of common units for Class A common stock or cash, and (2) certain additional tax benefits attributable to payments under the Tax Receivable Agreement. The amount of the cash payments that we may be required to make under the Tax Receivable Agreement could be significant. Payments under the Tax Receivable Agreement will generally be based on the tax reporting positions that we determine, which are subject to challenge by taxing authorities. Payments made under the Tax Receivable Agreement will not be returned upon a successful challenge by a taxing authority to our reporting positions. Any payments made by us to the TRA Parties under the Tax Receivable Agreement will generally reduce the amount of overall cash flow that might have otherwise been available to us. To the extent that we are unable to make timely payments under the Tax Receivable Agreement for any reason, the unpaid amounts will be deferred and will accrue interest until paid by us. Nonpayment for a specified period may constitute a material breach of a material obligation under the Tax Receivable Agreement and therefore may accelerate payments due under the Tax Receivable Agreement. Furthermore, our future obligation to make payments under the Tax Receivable Agreement could make us a less attractive target for an acquisition, particularly in the case of an acquirer that cannot use some or all of the tax benefits that may be deemed realized under the Tax Receivable Agreement upon a change of control. The payments under the Tax Receivable Agreement are also not conditioned upon the TRA Parties maintaining a continued ownership interest in FAH, LLC. 
 46 

Table of Contents 

 The amounts that we may be required to pay to the TRA Parties under the Tax Receivable Agreement may be accelerated in certain circumstances and may also significantly exceed the actual tax benefits that we ultimately realize. 
 The Tax Receivable Agreement provides that if certain mergers, asset sales, other forms of business combination, or other changes of control were to occur, if we materially breach any of our material obligations under the Tax Receivable Agreement or if, at any time, we elect an early termination of the Tax Receivable Agreement, then the Tax Receivable Agreement will terminate and our obligations, or our successor s obligations, to make future payments under the Tax Receivable Agreement would accelerate and become immediately due and payable. In those circumstances members of FAH, LLC would be deemed to exchange any remaining outstanding common units of FAH, LLC for Class A common stock and would generally be entitled to payments under the Tax Receivable Agreement resulting from such deemed exchange. The amount due and payable in those circumstances is determined based on certain assumptions, including an assumption that we would have sufficient taxable income to fully utilize all potential future tax benefits that are subject to the Tax Receivable Agreement. We may need to incur debt to finance payments under the Tax Receivable Agreement to the extent our cash resources are insufficient to meet our obligations under the Tax Receivable Agreement. 
 As a result of the foregoing, we would be required to make an immediate cash payment equal to the present value of the anticipated future tax benefits that are the subject of the Tax Receivable Agreement, which payment may be made significantly in advance of the actual realization, if any, of such future tax benefits. We could also be required to make cash payments to the TRA Parties that are greater than the specified percentage of the actual benefits we ultimately realize in respect of the tax benefits that are subject to the Tax Receivable Agreement. Our obligations under the Tax Receivable Agreement could have a substantial negative impact on our liquidity and could have the effect of delaying, deferring or preventing certain mergers, asset sales, other forms of business combination, or other changes of control. There can be no assurance that we will be able to finance our obligations under the Tax Receivable Agreement. 
 We will not be reimbursed for any payments made to the TRA Parties under the Tax Receivable Agreement in the event that any tax benefits are disallowed. 
 We will not be reimbursed for any cash payments previously made to the TRA Parties pursuant to the Tax Receivable Agreement if any tax benefits initially claimed by us are subsequently challenged by a taxing authority and are ultimately disallowed. Instead, any excess cash payments made by us to a TRA Party will be netted against any future cash payments that we might otherwise be required to make under the terms of the Tax Receivable Agreement. However, a challenge to any tax benefits initially claimed by us may not arise for a number of years following the initial time of such payment or, even if challenged early, such excess cash payment may be greater than the amount of future cash payments that we might otherwise be required to make under the terms of the Tax Receivable Agreement and, as a result, there might not be future cash payments from which to net against. The applicable U.S. federal income tax rules are complex and factual in nature. Significant management judgment is required in connection with interpreting applicable tax laws and in taking valuation positions relevant to our tax compliance obligations. We are constantly evaluating our tax return positions, and changes in our return positions could affect our liabilities and risks that we face in connection with determining our the taxes we owe and the amounts that we are required to pay in connection with the Tax Receivable Agreement. There can be no assurance that the IRS or a court will not disagree with our tax reporting positions. As a result, it is possible that we could incur additional costs in connection with these risks, including by making cash payments under the Tax Receivable Agreement that are substantially greater than our actual cash tax savings. 
 47 

Table of Contents 

 Our organizational structure, including the Tax Receivable Agreement, confers certain benefits upon the TRA Parties that will not benefit Class A common stockholders to the same extent as it will benefit the Continuing Equity Owners and transferees. 
 Our organizational structure, including the Tax Receivable Agreement, confers certain benefits upon the Continuing Equity Owners and certain of their transferees that will not benefit the holders of our Class A common stock to the same extent as it will benefit such Continuing Equity Owners and transferees. We have entered into the Tax Receivable Agreement with FAH, LLC and the TRA Parties, and it provides for the payment by us to the TRA Parties of 85 of the amount of tax benefits, if any, that we realize, or in some circumstances are deemed to realize, as a result of (1) any future redemptions funded by us or exchanges (or deemed exchanges in certain circumstances) of common units for Class A common stock or cash and (2) certain additional tax benefits attributable to payments under the Tax Receivable Agreement. This and other aspects of our organizational structure may adversely impact the future trading market for our Class A common stock. 
 OWNERSHIP OF OUR CLASS A COMMON STOCK RISKS 
 The Continuing Equity Owners own common units in FAH, LLC, and the Continuing Equity Owners have the right to redeem their common units in FAH, LLC pursuant to the terms of the FAH LLC Agreement for shares of Class A common stock or cash. 
 As of February 27, 2023, we had an aggregate of 152,773,165 shares of Class A common stock authorized but unissued, as well as approximately 4,334,801 shares of Class A common stock issuable, at our election, upon redemption of FAH, LLC common units held by the Continuing Equity Owners. FAH, LLC has entered into the FAH LLC Agreement, and subject to certain restrictions set forth in such agreement, the Continuing Equity Owners are entitled to have their common units redeemed from time to time at each of their options (subject in certain circumstances to time-based vesting requirements) for, at our election, newly-issued shares of our Class A common stock on a one-for-one basis or a cash payment equal to a volume weighted average market price of one share of Class A common stock for each common unit redeemed, in each case, in accordance with the terms of the FAH LLC Agreement; provided that, at our election, we may effect a direct exchange by us of such Class A common stock or such cash, as applicable, for such common units. The Continuing Equity Owners may exercise such redemption right for as long as their common units remain outstanding. We also entered into a Registration Rights Agreement pursuant to which the shares of Class A common stock issued to certain of the Continuing Equity Owners (including each of our then-current executive officers) upon such redemption and remaining shares of Class A common stock issued to the Former Equity Owners in connection with the Transactions (such shares now being held by TCG) are eligible for resale, subject to certain limitations set forth in the Registration Rights Agreement. 
 We cannot predict the size of future issuances of our Class A common stock or the effect, if any, that future issuances and sales of shares of our Class A common stock may have on the market price of our Class A common stock. Sales or distributions of substantial amounts of our Class A common stock, including shares issued in connection with an acquisition, or the perception that such sales or distributions could occur, may cause the market price of our Class A common stock to decline. 
 48 

Table of Contents 

 You may be diluted by future issuances of additional Class A common stock or common units in connection with our incentive plans, acquisitions or otherwise; future sales of such shares in the public market, or the expectations that such sales may occur, could lower our stock price. 
 Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation authorizes us to issue shares of our Class A common stock and options, rights, warrants and appreciation rights relating to our Class A common stock for the consideration and on the terms and conditions established by our board of directors in its sole discretion, whether in connection with acquisitions or otherwise. In addition, we, FAH, LLC and the Continuing Equity Owners are party to the FAH LLC Agreement under which the Continuing Equity Owners (or certain permitted transferees thereof) have the right (subject to the terms of the FAH LLC Agreement) to have their common units redeemed from time to time at each of their options (subject in certain circumstances to time-based vesting requirements) by FAH, LLC in exchange for, at our election, newly-issued shares of our Class A common stock on a one-for-one basis or a cash payment equal to a volume-weighted average market price of one share of Class A common stock for each common unit redeemed, in each case, in accordance with the terms of the FAH LLC Agreement; provided that, at our election, we may effect a direct exchange by us of such Class A common stock or such cash, as applicable, for such common units. The Continuing Equity Owners may exercise such redemption right for as long as their common units remain outstanding. The market price of shares of our Class A common stock could decline as a result of these redemptions or exchanges or the perception that a redemption or exchange could occur. These redemptions or exchanges, or the possibility that these redemptions or exchanges may occur, also might make it more difficult for holders of our Class A common stock to sell such stock in the future at a time and at a price that they deem appropriate. 
 We have reserved for issuance 5,518,518 shares of Class A common stock under our 2017 Incentive Award Plan (the 2017 Plan ), including, as of December 31, 2022, 2,701,626 shares of Class A common stock underlying stock options we granted to certain of our directors, executive officers and other employees and 2,711,908 shares of Class A common stock underlying restricted stock units we granted to certain of our executive officers, consultants and other employees. We have also reserved for issuance an aggregate number of shares under the Company s 2019 Incentive Award Plan (the 2019 Plan equal to the sum of (i) 3,000,000 shares of our Class A common stock and (ii) an annual increase on the first day of each calendar year beginning on January 1, 2020 and ending on and including January 1, 2029, equal to the lesser of (A) 2 of the shares of Class A common stock outstanding as of the last day of the immediately preceding fiscal year on a fully-diluted basis and (B) such lesser number of shares of Class A common stock as determined by our board of directors. As of December 31, 2022, we had granted 1,719,458, shares of Class A common stock underlying stock options, 67,481 shares of Class A common stock underlying performance stock units and 1,299,787 shares of Class A common stock underlying restricted stock units under the 2019 Plan to certain of our executive officers, consultants and other employees. Any shares of Class A common stock that we issue, including under our 2017 Plan, our 2019 Plan or other equity incentive plans that we may adopt in the future, would dilute the percentage ownership held by the holders of our Class A common stock. 
 In the future, we may also issue additional securities if we need to raise capital, including, but not limited to, in connection with acquisitions, which could constitute a material portion of our then-outstanding shares of Class A common stock. Further, in connection with the completion of the IPO, we entered into a Registration Rights Agreement with certain of the Original Equity Owners (including each of our then-current executive officers). On July 15, 2022, we filed a preliminary shelf registration statement on Form S-3 with the SEC. The Form S-3 was declared effective by the SEC on July 26, 2022. The Form S-3 allows us to sell from time to time up to 100.0 million of Class A common stock, preferred stock, debt securities, warrants, purchase contracts or units comprised of any combination of these securities for our own account and, following the secondary underwritten public offering, allows certain Original Equity Owners to sell 17,318,008 shares of Class A common stock in one or more offerings. If we offer and sell Class A common stock under the Form S-3, it would dilute the percentage ownership held by the existing holders of our Class A common stock. Any sales in connection with the Registration Rights Agreement, or the prospect of any such sales, could materially impact the market price of our Class A common stock and could impair our ability to raise capital through future sales of equity securities. 
 49 

Table of Contents 

 We do not intend to pay dividends on our Class A common stock for the foreseeable future. 
 We currently intend to retain all available funds and any future earnings to fund the development and growth of our business and to repay indebtedness. As a result, we do not anticipate declaring or paying any cash dividends on our Class A common stock in the foreseeable future. Any decision to declare and pay dividends in the future will be made at the discretion of our board of directors and will depend on, among other things, our business prospects, results of operations, financial condition, cash requirements and availability, industry trends and other factors that our board of directors may deem relevant. Any such decision will also be subject to compliance with contractual restrictions and covenants in the agreements governing our current and future indebtedness. Our Credit Facilities contain certain covenants that restrict the ability of FAH, LLC and its subsidiaries to pay dividends or make distributions. Because we are a holding company, our ability to pay dividends on our Class A common stock depends on our receipt of cash distributions from FAH, LLC and, through FAH, LLC, cash distributions and dividends from our other direct and indirect wholly owned subsidiaries. In addition, we may incur additional indebtedness, the terms of which may further restrict or prevent us from paying dividends on our Class A common stock. As a result, you may have to sell some or all of your Class A common stock after price appreciation in order to generate cash flow from your investment, which you may not be able to do. Our inability or decision not to pay dividends, particularly when others in our industry have elected to do so, could also adversely affect the market price of our Class A common stock. 
 Delaware law and certain provisions in our amended and restated certificate of incorporation and our amended and restated bylaws may prevent efforts by our stockholders to change the direction or management of our company. 
 We are a Delaware corporation, and the anti-takeover provisions of Delaware law impose various impediments to the ability of a third party to acquire control of us, even if a change of control would be beneficial to our existing stockholders. In addition, our amended and restated certificate of incorporation and our amended and restated bylaws contain provisions that may make the acquisition of our company more difficult without the approval of our board of directors, including, but not limited to, the following: 
 our board of directors is classified into three classes, each of which serves for a staggered three-year term; 
 only the chairperson of our board of directors or a majority of our board of directors may call special meetings of our stockholders; 
 we have authorized undesignated preferred stock, the terms of which may be established and shares of which may be issued without stockholder approval; 
 any action required or permitted to be taken by our stockholders at an annual meeting or special meeting of stockholders may not be taken by written consent in lieu of a meeting; 
 our amended and restated certificate of incorporation and our amended and restated bylaws may be amended or repealed by the affirmative vote of the holders of at least 66 2 / 3 of the votes which all our stockholders would be entitled to cast in any annual election of directors and our amended and restated bylaws may also be amended or repealed by a majority vote of our board of directors; 
 we require advance notice and duration of ownership requirements for stockholder proposals; and 
 we have opted out of Section 203 of the Delaware General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware, or the DGCL, however, our amended and restated certificate of incorporation contains provisions that are similar to Section 203 of the DGCL (except with respect to ACON and Fundamental and any of their respective affiliates and any of their respective direct or indirect transferees of Class B common stock). 
 In connection with the ACON Sale, we have agreed to amend our amended and restated certificate of incorporation at a future date to carve out TCG and any of their respective affiliates and any of their respective direct transferees of Class A common stock from the provisions in our charter that are similar to Section 203 of the DGCL. 
 50 

Table of Contents 

 These provisions could discourage, delay or prevent a transaction involving a change in control of our company. These provisions could also discourage proxy contests and make it more difficult for you and other stockholders to elect directors of your choosing and cause us to take other corporate actions you desire, including actions that you may deem advantageous, or negatively affect the trading price of our Class A common stock. In addition, because our board of directors is responsible for appointing the members of our management team, these provisions could in turn affect any attempt by our stockholders to replace current members of our management team. 
 Please see Organizational Structure Risks TCG has significant influence over us, including over decisions that require the approval of stockholders, and its interests, along with the interests of our other Continuing Equity Owners, in our business may conflict with the interests of our other stockholders. 
 Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation provides, subject to certain exceptions, that the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware will be the sole and exclusive forum for certain stockholder litigation matters, which could limit our stockholders ability to obtain a favorable judicial forum for disputes with us or our directors, officers, employees or stockholders. 
 Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation provides, subject to limited exceptions, that the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware will, to the fullest extent permitted by law, be the sole and exclusive forum for (1) any derivative action or proceeding brought on our behalf; (2) any action asserting a claim of breach of a fiduciary duty owed by any of our directors, officers or other employees to us or our stockholders; (3) any action asserting a claim against us, any director or our officers and employees arising pursuant to any provision of the DGCL, our amended and restated certificate of incorporation or our amended and restated bylaws, or as to which the DGCL confers exclusive jurisdiction on the Court of Chancery; or (4) any action asserting a claim against us, any director or our officers or employees that is governed by the internal affairs doctrine. This provision would not apply to suits brought to enforce a duty or liability created by the Exchange Act, Securities Act, or, in each case, the rules and regulations thereunder, or any other claim for which the U.S. federal courts have exclusive jurisdiction. Any person or entity purchasing or otherwise acquiring any interest in shares of our capital stock shall be deemed to have notice of and to have consented to the provisions of our amended and restated certificate of incorporation described above. This choice of forum provision may limit a stockholder s ability to bring a claim in a judicial forum that it finds favorable for disputes with us or any of our directors, officers, other employees or stockholders which may discourage lawsuits with respect to such claims. Alternatively, if a court were to find the choice of forum provision that will be contained in our amended and restated certificate of incorporation to be inapplicable or unenforceable in an action, we may incur additional costs associated with resolving such action in other jurisdictions, which could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 We may issue shares of preferred stock in the future, which could make it difficult for another company to acquire us or could otherwise adversely affect holders of our Class A common stock, which could depress the price of our Class A common stock. 
 Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation authorizes us to issue one or more series of preferred stock. Our board of directors has the authority to determine the preferences, limitations and relative rights of the shares of preferred stock and to fix the number of shares constituting any series and the designation of such series, without any further vote or action by our stockholders. Our preferred stock could be issued with voting, liquidation, dividend and other rights superior to the rights of our Class A common stock. The potential issuance of preferred stock may delay or prevent a change in control of us, discouraging bids for our Class A common stock at a premium to the market price, and materially and adversely affect the market price and the voting and other rights of the holders of our Class A common stock. 
 As a public reporting company, we are subject to rules and regulations established from time to time by the SEC regarding our internal control over financial reporting. Any failure to establish and maintain effective internal control over financial reporting and disclosure controls and procedures may cause us to not be able to accurately report our financial results or report them in a timely manner. 
 We are a public reporting company subject to the rules and regulations established from time to time by the SEC and The Nasdaq Stock Market. These rules and regulations require, among other things, that we have and periodically evaluate procedures with respect to our internal control over financial reporting. Reporting obligations as a public company are likely to continue to place a considerable strain on our financial and management systems, processes and controls, as well as on our personnel. 
 51 

Table of Contents 

 Under Section 404(a) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act our management is required to assess and report annually on the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting and to identify any material weaknesses in our internal control over financial reporting. As we are no longer an emerging growth company, Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act requires our independent registered public accounting firm to issue an annual report that addresses the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting. 
 We have identified material weaknesses in our internal control over financial reporting, as discussed in Part II, Item 9A of the Annual Report on Form 10-K and our independent registered public accounting firm is not able to render an unqualified opinion on management s assessment and the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. In addition to taking remediation measures in response to the material weaknesses we identified, we may need to expend additional resources and provide additional management oversight in order to establish effective disclosure controls and procedures and internal control over financial reporting. Implementing any appropriate changes to our internal controls may require specific compliance training of our employees, entail substantial costs, take a significant period of time to complete or divert management s attention from other business concerns. 
 The material weaknesses will not be considered remediated until our remediation plan has been fully implemented, the applicable controls operate for a sufficient period of time, and we have concluded, through testing, that the newly implemented and enhanced controls are operating effectively. At this time, we cannot predict the success of such efforts or the outcome of our assessment of the remediation efforts. We can give no assurance that our efforts will remediate these material weaknesses in our internal control over financial reporting, or that additional material weaknesses will not be identified in the future. Our failure to implement and maintain effective internal control over financial reporting could result in errors in our consolidated financial statements that could result in a restatement of our financial statements, and could cause us to fail to meet our reporting obligations, any of which could diminish investor confidence in us and cause a decline in the price of our common stock. Additionally, ineffective internal control could expose us to an increased risk of financial reporting fraud and the misappropriation of assets and subject us to potential delisting from the stock exchange on which we list or to other regulatory investigations and civil or criminal sanctions. 
 In addition, as a result of our current material weaknesses or future material weaknesses in our internal control over financial reporting, we could be subject to sanctions or investigations by the SEC, the Nasdaq Stock Market or other regulatory authorities, a loss of public and investor confidence, and litigation from investors and stockholders, any of which could have a material adverse effect on our business and our stock price. Our failure to implement and maintain effective internal control over financial reporting could result in errors in our consolidated financial statements that could result in a restatement of our financial statements, and could cause us to fail to meet our reporting obligations, any of which could also diminish investor confidence in us and cause a decline in the price of our common stock. Additionally, ineffective internal controls could expose us to an increased risk of financial reporting fraud and the misappropriation of assets and subject us to potential delisting from the stock exchange on which we list or to other regulatory investigations and civil or criminal sanctions. 
 GENERAL RISKS 
 Changes in foreign currency exchange rates can significantly impact our reported financial performance. 
 Our increasingly global operations mean we produce, buy, and sell products in many different markets with many different currencies. As a result, if the exchange rate between the U.S. dollar and a local currency for an international market in which we have significant sales or operations changes, our financial results as reported in U.S. dollars may be meaningfully impacted even if our business in the local currency is not significantly affected. Similarly, our expenses can be significantly impacted, in U.S. dollar terms, by exchange rates, meaning the profitability of our business in U.S. dollar terms can be negatively impacted by exchange rate movements which we do not control. In recent years, certain key currencies, such as the euro and the British pound sterling, depreciated significantly compared to the U.S. dollar. Depreciation in key currencies during 2022 has had a negative impact on our sales and earnings and future depreciation in key currencies may have a significant negative impact on our sales and earnings as they are reported in U.S. dollars. 
 52 

Table of Contents 

 If our or our third-party providers' electronic data is compromised our business could be significantly harmed. 
 We rely extensively on various information technology systems and software applications (collectively IT Systems for internal and external operations and while we operate certain of these IT Systems, we also rely on third-party providers for a host of technologies, products and services. In addition, in the ordinary course of business, both we and our third-party providers collect, process and maintain significant amounts of data electronically, including proprietary and confidential business information as well as personal information. This data relates to all aspects of our business, including but not limited to current and future products and entertainment under development, and also contains certain customer, consumer, supplier, partner and employee data. 
 We maintain systems and processes designed to protect the data within our control, but notwithstanding such protective measures, there is a risk of intrusion or tampering that could compromise the integrity and privacy of this data. In addition, we provide confidential and proprietary information to our third-party business partners in certain cases where doing so is necessary or appropriate to conduct our business. While we obtain assurances from those parties that they have systems and processes in place to protect such data, and where applicable, that they will take steps to assure the protections of such data by third parties, nonetheless those partners may also be subject to data intrusion or otherwise compromise the protection of such data. 
 We and many third parties have experienced and expect to continue to experience cyberattacks and other security incidents. Threat actors are becoming more sophisticated and increasingly using techniques designed to circumvent security controls, to evade detection and to obfuscate or remove forensic evidence, which means we may be unable to timely or effectively detect, identify, contain, or remediate future attacks or incidents. Disruptive attacks, such as through ransomware and other extortion-based tactics, that can temporarily or permanently disable operations are becoming increasingly prevalent. Such attacks may involve internal or external actors, and may result from the exploitation of bugs, misconfigurations or vulnerabilities in our IT Systems, human error, social engineering, supply chain attacks, or malware deployment (for example, ransomware), and may disrupt our operations and/or compromise data. Also, remote working arrangements that started during the COVID-19 pandemic may continue in the future, which increases the risk that threat actors will engage in social engineering and exploit vulnerabilities inherent in many non-corporate home networks. Any compromise of the confidential data of our customers, consumers, suppliers, partners, employees or ourselves, or failure to prevent or mitigate the loss of or damage to this data through breach of our information technology systems or other means could substantially disrupt our operations, harm our customers, consumers and other business partners, damage our reputation, violate applicable laws and regulations and subject us to litigation or regulatory actions, to additional costs for remediation and compliance, as well to liabilities and loss of business that could be material. Global consumer protection, data privacy and cybersecurity legal requirements, such as under the European Union s General Data Protection Regulation (the GDPR and California Consumer Privacy Act (the CCPA ), are evolving rapidly and increasingly exposing companies to significant fines and penalties for violations. While we carry insurance, our policies may not cover, or may not fully cover or reimburse us for, any or all costs and losses associated with cybersecurity related events. 
 Any impairment in the value of our goodwill or other assets could adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations. 
 We are required, at least annually, or as facts and circumstances warrant, to test goodwill and other assets to determine if impairment has occurred. Impairment may result from any number of factors, including adverse changes in assumptions used for valuation purposes, such as actual or projected net sales growth rates, profitability or discount rates, or other variables. If the testing indicates that impairment has occurred, we are required to record a non-cash impairment charge for the difference between the carrying value of the goodwill or other assets and the implied fair value of the goodwill or the fair value of other assets in the period the determination is made. We cannot always predict the amount and timing of any impairment of assets. Should the value of goodwill or other assets become impaired, it would have an adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. 
 53 

Table of Contents 

 Our Class A common stock price may be volatile or may decline regardless of our operating performance and you may not be able to resell your shares at or above the price you paid for them. 
 Volatility in the market price of our Class A common stock may prevent you from being able to sell your shares at or above the price you paid for them. Many factors, which are outside our control, may cause the market price of our Class A common stock to fluctuate significantly, including those described elsewhere in this Risk Factors section, as well as the following: 
 our operating and financial performance and prospects; 
 our quarterly or annual earnings or those of other companies in our industry compared to market expectations; 
 conditions that impact demand for our products; 
 future announcements concerning our business, our customers businesses or our competitors businesses; 
 the public s reaction to our press releases, other public announcements and filings with the SEC; 
 the size of our public float; 
 coverage by or changes in financial estimates by securities analysts or failure to meet their expectations; 
 market and industry perception of our success, or lack thereof, in pursuing our growth strategy; 
 short sales of our stock or trading phenomena such as "short squeezes"; 
 strategic actions by us or our competitors, such as acquisitions or restructurings; 
 changes in laws or regulations which adversely affect our industry, our licensors or us; 
 changes in accounting standards, policies, guidance, interpretations or principles; 
 changes in senior management or key personnel; 
 issuances, exchanges or sales, or expected issuances, exchanges or sales of our capital stock; 
 changes in our dividend policy; 
 adverse resolution of new or pending litigation against us; 
 the imposition of fines or other remedial measures as a result of regulatory violations or civil liability such as due to the underpayment of customs duties at Loungefly; and 
 changes in general market, economic and political conditions in the United States and global economies or financial markets, including those resulting from natural disasters, terrorist attacks, acts of war, pandemics such as COVID-19, and responses to such events. 
 As a result, volatility in the market price of our Class A common stock may prevent investors from being able to sell their Class A common stock at or above the price they paid for them or at all. These broad market and industry factors may materially reduce the market price of our Class A common stock, regardless of our operating performance. In addition, price volatility may be greater if the public float and trading volume of our Class A common stock is low. As a result, you may suffer a loss on your investment. 
 54 

Table of Contents 

 We may fail to meet analyst expectations, or analysts may issue unfavorable commentary about us or our industry or downgrade our Class A common stock, which could cause the price of our Class A common stock to decline. 
 Our Class A common stock is traded publicly, and various securities analysts follow our company and issue reports on us. These reports include information about our historical financial results as well as the analysts estimates of our future performance. The analysts estimates are based upon their own independent opinions and may be different from our own estimates or expectations. If our operating results are below the estimates or expectations of public market analysts and investors, the trading price of our Class A common stock could decline. In addition, one or more analysts could cease to cover our company, which could cause us to lose visibility in the market, and one or more analysts could downgrade our Class A common stock or issue other negative commentary about our company or our industry. As a result of one or more of these factors, the trading price of our Class A common stock could decline. 
 A new 1 U.S. federal excise tax could be imposed on us if we were to undertake redemptions or certain other transactions. 
 On August 16, 2022, the Inflation Reduction Act of 2022 (the IRA was signed into federal law. The IRA provides for, among other things, a new U.S. federal 1 excise tax on certain repurchases (including redemptions) of stock by publicly traded U.S. corporations and certain other persons (a covered corporation ). Because we are a Delaware corporation and our securities are trading on the Nasdaq, we are a covered corporation for this purpose. The excise tax is imposed on the repurchasing corporation itself, not its stockholders from which shares are repurchased. The amount of the excise tax is generally 1 of the fair market value of the shares repurchased at the time of the repurchase. However, for purposes of calculating the excise tax, repurchasing corporations are permitted to net the fair market value of certain new stock issuances against the fair market value of stock repurchases during the same taxable year. In addition, certain exceptions apply to the excise tax. The U.S. Department of Treasury has been given authority to provide regulations and other guidance to carry out, and prevent the abuse or avoidance of the excise tax. The IRA applies only to repurchases that occur after December 31, 2022. If we were to conduct repurchases of our stock or other transactions covered by the excise tax described above, we could potentially be subject to this excise tax, which could increase our costs and adversely affect our operating results. 
 Failure to comply with anti-corruption and anti-bribery laws could result in fines, criminal penalties and materially adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 A significant risk resulting from our global operations is compliance with a wide variety of U.S. federal and state and non-U.S. laws, regulations and policies, including laws related to anti-corruption, anti-bribery and laundering. The FCPA, the U.K. Bribery Act of 2010 and similar anti-corruption and anti-bribery laws in other jurisdictions generally prohibit companies, their officers, directors, employees and third-party intermediaries, business partners, and agents from making improper payments or other improper things of value to government officials or other persons. There has been an increase in anti-bribery and anti-corruption law enforcement activity in recent years, with more frequent and aggressive investigations and enforcement proceedings by both the U.S. Department of Justice and the SEC, increased enforcement activity by non-U.S. regulators, and increases in criminal and civil proceedings brought against companies and individuals. We operate in parts of the world that are considered high-risk from an anti-bribery and anti-corruption perspective, and strict compliance with anti-bribery and anti-corruption laws may conflict with local customs and practices. We cannot assure you that our internal controls, policies and procedures will protect us from improper conduct by our officers, directors, employees, third-party intermediaries, business partners or agents. To the extent that we learn that any of these parties do not adhere to our internal control policies, we are committed to taking appropriate remedial action. In the event that we believe or have reason to believe that any such party has or may have violated such laws, we may be required to investigate or have outside counsel investigate the relevant facts and circumstances, and detecting, investigating and resolving actual or alleged violations can be expensive and require a significant diversion of time, resources and attention from senior management. Any violation of U.S. federal and state and non-U.S. anti-bribery and anti-corruption laws, regulations and policies could result in substantial fines, sanctions, civil or criminal penalties, and curtailment of operations in the U.S. or other applicable jurisdictions. In addition, actual or alleged violations could damage our reputation and ability to do business. Any of the foregoing could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 55 

Table of Contents 

 A failure to comply with laws and regulations relating to privacy and the protection of data relating to individuals may result in negative publicity, claims, investigations and litigation, and adversely affect our financial performance. 
 We are subject to laws, rules, and regulations in the United States, the European Union, and other jurisdictions relating to the collection, use, and security of personal information and data. Such data privacy laws, regulations, and other obligations may require us to change our business practices and may negatively impact our ability to expand our business and pursue business opportunities. We may incur significant expenses to comply with the laws, regulations and other obligations that apply to us. Additionally, the privacy- and data protection-related laws, rules, and regulations applicable to us are subject to significant change. Several jurisdictions have passed new laws and regulations in this area, and other jurisdictions are considering imposing additional restrictions. 
 For example, our operations are subject to the GDPR, which imposes data privacy and security requirements on companies doing business in the European Union, including: providing detailed disclosures about how personal data is collected and processed; demonstrating an appropriate legal basis; granted new rights for data subjects in regard to their personal data; and imposing limitations on retention of personal data; and maintaining a record of data processing. Each of the GDPR and the UK data protection regime can result in fines up to the greater of EUR 20 million or 17 million, as applicable, or 4 of total global annual turnover. We are also subject to European Union rules with respect to cross-border transfers of personal data out of the EEA and the United Kingdom. Recent legal developments in Europe have created complexity and uncertainty regarding transfers of personal information from the EEA and the United Kingdom to the United States. These recent developments may require us to review and amend the legal mechanisms by which we make and/or receive personal data transfers to/in the U.S. The CCPA, which went into effect on January 1, 2020, imposes similar requirements on companies handling data of California residents and creates a new and potentially severe statutory damages framework for (i) violations of the CCPA and (ii) businesses that fail to implement reasonable security procedures and practices to prevent data breaches. Additionally, a new law, the California Privacy Rights Act (the CPRA ), imposes additional data protection obligations on companies doing business in California, including additional consumer rights processes, limitations on data uses, new audit requirements for higher risk data, and opt outs for certain uses of sensitive data. It will also create a new California data protection agency authorized to issue substantive regulations and could result in increased privacy and information security enforcement. The majority of the provisions went into effect on January 1, 2023, and additional compliance investment and potential business process changes may be required. 
 Privacy and data protection-related laws and regulations also may be interpreted and enforced inconsistently over time and from jurisdiction to jurisdiction. In addition to government regulation, privacy advocates and industry groups may propose new and different self-regulatory standards that either legally or contractually apply to us. One example of such self-regulatory standards to which we may be contractually bound is the Payment Card Industry Data Security Standard, or PCI DSS. Though we currently use third-party vendors to process and store credit card data in connection with our e-commerce business, to the extent we process or store such data ourselves in the future, we may be subject to various aspects of the PCI DSS, and fines, penalties, and a loss of the ability to process credit card payments could result from any failure to comply with the PCI DSS. Any actual or perceived inability to comply with applicable privacy or data protection laws, regulations, or other obligations could result in significant cost and liability, litigation or governmental investigations, damage our reputation, and adversely affect our business. 

ITEM 1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS 
 None. 
 56 

Table of Contents 

 ITEM 2. PROPERTIES 
 As of December 31, 2022, our leased properties primarily consist of office space, warehouses and distribution facilities. The table below sets forth certain information regarding our material properties, all of which are leased. Property 
 Location 
 Approximate 
 Square 
 Footage 
 Lease Expiration Date 
 Offices, Warehouse and Distribution Facility Everett, Washington 201,000 January 31, 2024 Warehouse and Distribution Facility 
 Everett, Washington 
 119,000 January 31, 2023 Corporate Headquarters and Retail Store Everett, Washington 
 99,000 January 31, 2027 
 Warehouse and Distribution Facility 
 Everett, Washington 
 83,000 January 31, 2023 Administrative Offices 
 Everett, Washington 
 82,000 January 31, 2032 Office and Warehouse Facility Everett, Washington 
 21,000 January 31, 2025 Administrative Offices, Licensing and Apparel Sales 
 Burbank, California 
 43,000 December 31, 2026 Retail Store Hollywood, California 40,000 March 31, 2030 Administrative Offices San Diego, California 14,000 November 30, 2029 Warehouse and Distribution Facility 
 Buckeye, Arizona 862,000 October 31, 2032 Warehouse and Administrative Offices 
 Coventry, England 349,000 July 7, 2029 Sales and Administrative Offices 
 London, United Kingdom 
 11,000 June 27, 2027 
 For leases that are scheduled to expire during the next 12 months, we may negotiate new lease agreements, renew existing lease agreements or use alternate facilities. We believe that our facilities are adequate for our needs and believe that we should be able to renew any of the above leases or secure similar property without an adverse impact on our operations. 
 
 ITEM 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 
 See Note 14 "Commitments and Contingencies - Legal Contingencies" in the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included in this Form 10-K for a discussion of material legal proceedings. 
 
 ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 
 Not applicable. 
 57 

Table of Contents 

 PART II 
 
 ITEM 5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF SECURITIES 
 Market Information 
 On November 2, 2017, our Class A common stock began trading on the Nasdaq Global Market under the symbol FNKO. Prior to that time, there was no public market for our stock. There is no established public trading market for our Class B common stock. 
 Holders of Record 
 As of February 27, 2023, there were 27 stockholders of record of our Class A common stock. As of February 27, 2023, there were 12 stockholders of record of our Class B common stock. 
 Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 There were no share repurchases during the fourth quarter of the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022. 
 Dividend Policy 
 We currently intend to retain all available funds and any future earnings to fund the development and growth of our business and to repay indebtedness, and therefore we do not anticipate declaring or paying any cash dividends on our Class A common stock in the foreseeable future. Holders of our Class B common stock are not entitled to participate in any dividends declared by our board of directors. Any future determination as to the declaration and payment of dividends, if any, will be at the discretion of our board of directors, subject to compliance with contractual restrictions and covenants in the agreements governing our current and future indebtedness. Any such determination will also depend upon our business prospects, results of operations, financial condition, cash requirements and availability and other factors that our board of directors may deem relevant. 

58 

Table of Contents 

 Stock Performance Graph 
 The following graph and table illustrate the total return from December 31, 2017 through December 31, 2022, for (i) our Class A common stock, (ii) the Russell 2000 Index, and (iii) the Russell 2000 Consumer Discretionary Index. The graph and the table assume that 100 was invested on December 31, 2017 in each of our Class A common stock, the Russell 2000 Index, and the Russell 2000 Consumer Discretionary Index, and that any dividends were reinvested. The comparisons reflected in the graph and table are not intended to forecast the future performance of our stock and may not be indicative of our future performance. 

12/31/2017 12/31/2018 12/31/2019 12/31/2020 12/31/2021 12/31/2022 Funko, Inc. 100.00 197.74 258.05 156.09 282.71 164.06 Russell 2000 100.00 88.99 111.70 134.00 153.85 122.41 Russell 2000 Consumer Discretionary 100.00 130.98 113.10 143.59 184.39 127.93 
 
 59 

Table of Contents 

 ITEM 6. [RESERVED.] 
 60 

Table of Contents 

 ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
 You should read the following discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations together with our audited consolidated financial statements and related notes included elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. This discussion and analysis contains forward-looking statements based upon current plans, expectations and beliefs involving risks and uncertainties. Our actual results may differ materially from those anticipated in these forward-looking statements as a result of various important factors, including those set forth under Risk Factors included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Our results of operations for the year ended December 31, 2020, including a discussion of the year ended December 31, 2021 compared to the year ended December 31, 2020, can be found under "Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations" in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2021. 
 
 Overview 
 Funko is a leading pop culture lifestyle brand . Our business is built on the principle that almost everyone is a fan of something and the evolution of pop culture is leading to increasing opportunities for fan loyalty. We create whimsical, fun and unique products that enable fans to express their affinity for their favorite something whether it is a movie, TV show, video game, musician or sports team. We infuse our distinct designs and aesthetic sensibility into one of the industry s largest portfolios of licensed content over a wide variety of product categories, including figures, plush, accessories, apparel, homewares, vinyl record, poster or digital NFT. 
 Given our diverse product offering, in 2022, we created three new branded categories to better align our product net sales results and execute against our operating objectives. The Core Collectible branded category includes Pop! Vinyl, and newer collectible brands such as Soda, Vinyl Gold and Popsies. The Loungefly branded category includes our softlines products. The Other branded category includes our Toy and Games brands and our Digital Brands. Net sales product revenue has been recast into these branded categories for the year ended December 31, 2021. 
 Key Performance Indicators 
 We consider the following metrics to be key performance indicators to evaluate our business, develop financial forecasts, and make strategic decisions. Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 (in thousands) Net sales 1,322,706 1,029,293 Net (loss) income (5,240) 67,854 EBITDA (1) 
 34,962 133,277 Adjusted EBITDA (1) 
 97,425 149,931 
 (1) Earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA are financial measures not calculated in accordance with U.S. GAAP. For a reconciliation of EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA to net (loss) income, the most closely comparable U.S. GAAP financial measure, see Non-GAAP Financial Measures in this item. 
 61 

Table of Contents 

 Factors Affecting our Business 
 Growth in the Market for Pop Culture Consumer Products 
 Our operating results and prospects will be impacted by developments in the market for pop culture consumer products. Our business has benefited from pop culture trends including (1) technological innovation that has facilitated content consumption and engagement, (2) creation of more quality content, (3) greater cultural prevalence and acceptance of pop culture fandom and (4) increased engagement by fans with pop culture content beyond mere consumption driven by social media and demonstrated by fan-centric experiences, such as Comic-Con events around the world. These trends have contributed to significant growth in the demand for pop culture products like ours in recent years; however, consumer demand for pop culture products and pop culture trends can and does shift rapidly and without warning. To the extent we are unable to offer products that appeal to consumers, our operating results will be adversely affected. This is particularly true given the concentration of our sales of products under certain of our brands, particularly our Core Collectible branded products, which represented approximately 75 and 80 of our sales for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, and which are sold across multiple product categories. 
 Relationships with Content Providers 
 We generate a majority of our net sales from products based on intellectual property we license from others. We have strong relationships with many established content providers and seek to establish licensing relationships with newer content providers. Our content provider relationships are highly diversified, allowing us to license a wide array of properties and thereby reduce our exposure to any individual property or license. 
 We believe there is a trend of content providers consolidating their relationships to do more business with fewer licensees. We believe our ability to help maximize the value and extend the relevance of our content providers properties has allowed us to benefit from this trend. Although we have a successful track record of renewing and extending the scope of licenses, our license agreements typically have short terms (between two and three years), are not automatically renewable and, in some cases, give the licensor the right to terminate the license agreement at will. In addition, the efforts of our senior management team have been integral to our relationships with our licensors. Inability to license newer pop culture properties, the termination or lack of renewal of one or more of our license agreements, or the renewal of a license agreement on less favorable terms, could adversely affect our business. 
 Retail Industry Dynamics; Relationships with Retail Customers 
 Historically, substantially all of our sales have been derived from our retail customers and distributors, upon which we rely to reach the consumers who are the ultimate purchasers of our products. Our top ten customers represented approximately 44 and 45 of our sales for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. During the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, we saw shifts in our client mix as a direct result of the COVID-19 pandemic and the enhanced online presence of our top customers. 
 We depend on retailers to provide adequate and attractive space for our products and point of purchase displays in their stores. We continue to have dedicated shelf space for our products in a variety of aisles in mass-market retailer and specialty stores, with our growing diversified product offerings. In recent years, traditional retailers have been affected by a shift in consumer preferences towards other channels, particularly e-commerce. 
 Our customers do not make long-term commitments to us regarding purchase volumes and can therefore easily reduce their purchases of our products. Any reduction in purchases of our products by our retail customers and distributors, or the loss of any key retailer or distributor for any reason could adversely affect our business. In addition, our future growth depends upon our ability to successfully execute our business strategy. See Item 1A, Risk Factors. 
 62 

Table of Contents 

 Content Mix 
 The timing and mix of products we sell in any given quarter or year will depend on various factors, including the timing and popularity of new releases by third-party content providers and our ability to license properties based on these releases. We have diversified our product offerings across property categories. We have visibility into the new release schedule of many our content providers and our expansive license portfolio allows us to dynamically manage new product creation. This insight allows us to adjust the mix of products based on classic evergreen properties and new releases, depending on the media release cycle. For example, in 2022 there was an increase in new originally scripted series and new movie theater releases, which we believe contributed to a higher percent of our sales attributable to current properties than compared to recent historical trends. 
 Our results of operations may also fluctuate significantly from quarter to quarter or year to year depending on the timing and popularity of new product releases and related content releases. Sales of a certain product or group of products tied to a particular property can dramatically increase our net sales in any given quarter or year. While we expect to see growth in the number of properties and products over time, we expect that the number of active properties and the sales per active property will fluctuate from quarter to quarter or year over year based on what is relevant in pop culture at that time and the types of properties we are producing. In addition, despite our efforts to diversify the properties on which we base our products, if the performance of one or more of these properties fail to meet expectations or are delayed in their release, our operating results could be adversely affected. 
 Inventory Management 
 Inventory consists primarily of figures, plush, apparel, homewares, accessories, games, vinyl records and other finished goods, and is accounted for using the first-in, first-out FIFO method. Inventory costs include direct product costs and freight costs. We order inventory based on assumptions of future demand and maintain reserves for excess and obsolete inventories to reflect the inventory balance at the lower of cost or net realizable value. This valuation requires us to make judgments, based on currently available information, about the likely method of disposition, such as through sales to customers, or liquidation, and expected recoverable value of each disposition category. We also monitor our warehouse operations for maximum throughput to minimize carrying costs and aging of on-hand inventory. We may from time to time, liquidate and/or dispose of inventory to increase warehouse operating efficiency. Subsequent to the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company approved an inventory reduction plan to improve U.S. warehouse operational efficiency. The products were determined to be stated at their net realizable value at December 31, 2022, but were subsequently approved for destruction, and the Company expects an incremental charge for the write-down of products identified to be recorded to cost of sales in the first half of 2023 to be in the range of 30.0 million to 36.0 million. 
 Taxation and Expenses 
 We are subject to U.S. federal, state and local income taxes with respect to our allocable share of any taxable income of FAH, LLC, and we are taxed at the prevailing corporate tax rates. In addition to tax expenses, we incur expenses related to our operations, as well as payments under the Tax Receivable Agreement. We have caused and intend to continue to cause FAH, LLC to make distributions in an amount sufficient to allow us to pay our tax obligations and operating expenses, including distributions to fund any ordinary course payments due under the Tax Receivable Agreement. 
 Components of our Results of Operations 
 Net Sales 
 We sell a broad array of licensed pop culture consumer products across a variety of categories, including figures, plush, accessories, apparel, games, homewares, vinyl records, posters and NFTs, primarily to retail customers and distributors. We also sell our products directly to consumers through our e-commerce operations, our retail stores and, to a lesser extent, at specialty licensing and comic book conventions and exhibitions. 
 63 

Table of Contents 

 Revenue from the sale of our products is recognized when control of the goods is transferred to the customer, which is upon shipment or upon receipt of finished goods by the customer, depending on the contract terms. The majority of revenue is recognized upon shipment of products to the customer. We routinely enter into arrangements with our customers to provide sales incentives, support customer promotions, and provide allowances for returns and defective merchandise. The estimated costs of these programs reduce gross sales in the period the related sale is recognized. We evaluate the need for price increases along with other incentive arrangements and cost of product to help manage gross margins. In 2021, we instituted price increases for certain of our products and we expect to increase prices for certain of our other products in early 2023. Sales terms typically do not allow for a right of return except in relation to a manufacturing defect. Shipping costs billed to our customers are included in net sales, while shipping and handling costs, which include inbound freight costs and the cost to ship products to our customers, are included in cost of sales. 
 Cost of Sales 
 Cost of sales consists primarily of product costs, royalty expenses paid to our licensors and the cost to ship our products, including both inbound freight and outbound products to our customers. Our cost of sales excludes depreciation and amortization. 
 Our products are produced and assembled by third-party manufacturers primarily in Vietnam, China and Mexico. The use of third-party manufacturers enables us to avoid incurring fixed product costs, while maximizing flexibility, capacity and capability. As part of a continuing effort to reduce manufacturing costs and ensure speed to market, we have historically kept our production concentrated with a small number of manufacturers and factories even as we have grown and diversified. 
 Our product costs and gross margins will be impacted from period to period based on the product mix in any given period. Our Loungefly branded products tend to have a higher product cost and higher duties as a percentage of sales and therefore lower gross margins than our Core Collectible branded products. 
 Our royalty costs and gross margins will also be impacted from period to period based on our mix of licensed products sold, as well as a variety of other factors including reserves for minimum guarantees and ongoing and future royalty audits. 
 Our shipping costs, both inbound and outbound, will fluctuate from period to period based on customer mix due to varying shipping terms and other factors. In 2021, we experienced significant increases in shipping rates due to global capacity constraints and the lack of availability of shipping containers. In late 2022, ocean freight rates began to stabilize, however difficulties in our warehouse and distribution operations led us to incur a substantial amount of ground transportation and temporary storage costs. 
 We anticipate inflationary pressures throughout our supply chain in future periods, specific to shipping and, to a lesser extent, product costs. 
 Selling, General and Administrative Expenses 
 Selling, general and administrative expenses are primarily driven by wages, commissions and benefits, warehouse, fulfillment (internal and external), rent and facilities costs, infrastructure and technology costs, advertising and marketing expenses, including the costs to participate at specialty licensing and comic book conventions and exhibitions, as well as costs to develop promotional video and other online content created for advertising purposes. Credit card fees, insurance, legal expenses, other professional expenses and other miscellaneous operating costs are also included in selling, general and administrative expenses. Selling costs generally correlate to revenue timing and therefore experience similar moderate seasonal trends. We expect general and administrative costs to increase as our business evolves. 
 We have invested considerably in general and administrative costs to support the growth and anticipated growth of our business and anticipate continuing to do so in the future. 
 64 

Table of Contents 

 Depreciation and Amortization 
 Depreciation expense is recognized on a straight-line basis over the estimated useful lives of our property and equipment. Amortization relates to definite-lived intangible assets that are expensed on a straight-line basis over the estimated useful lives. Our intangible assets, which are being amortized over a range of two to 20 years, are mainly comprised of trade names, customer relationships and intellectual property we recognized as part of the ACON Acquisition and, to a lesser extent, the 2017 acquisition of Underground Toys, the 2017 acquisition of Loungefly, the 2019 acquisition of Forrest-Pruzan and the 2022 acquisition of Mondo. 
 Interest Expense, Net 
 Interest expense, net includes the cost of our short-term borrowings and long-term debt, including the amortization of debt issuance costs and original issue discounts, net of any interest income earned. 

65 

Table of Contents 

 Results of Operations 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 Compared to Year Ended December 31, 2021 
 The following table sets forth information comparing the components of net (loss) income for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021: Year Ended December 31, Period over Period Change 2022 2021 Dollar Percentage (in thousands, except percentages) Net sales 1,322,706 1,029,293 293,413 28.5 Cost of sales (exclusive of depreciation and amortization shown separately below) 
 888,685 648,302 240,383 37.1 Selling, general, and administrative expenses 398,272 244,331 153,941 63.0 Depreciation and amortization 47,669 41,195 6,474 15.7 Total operating expenses 1,334,626 933,828 400,798 42.9 (Loss) income from operations (11,920) 95,465 (107,385) nm Interest expense, net 10,334 7,167 3,167 44.2 Loss on extinguishment of debt 675 (675) nm Other expense, net 787 2,708 (1,921) (70.9) (Loss) income before income taxes (23,041) 84,915 (107,956) nm Income tax (benefit) expense (17,801) 17,061 (34,862) nm Net (loss) income (5,240) 67,854 (73,094) nm Less: net income attributable to non-controlling interests 
 2,795 23,954 (21,159) (88.3) Net (loss) income attributable to Funko, Inc. (8,035) 43,900 (51,935) nm 
 Net Sales 
 Net sales were 1.3 billion for the year ended December 31, 2022, an increase of 28.5 compared to 1.0 billion for the year ended December 31, 2021. The increase in net sales was primarily due to increased sales to our mass-market retailers, distributors and e-commerce site customers. 
 In the year ended December 31, 2022, the number of active properties decre as ed 3.0 to 926 from 955 i n the year ended December 31, 2021, and average net sales per active property increased 32.5 t o 1.4 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 from 1.1 million for the year ended December 31, 2021. While we expect to see growth in the number of active properties over time, we expect that the average sales per active property will fluctuate from year to year or quarter to quarter based on what is relevant in pop culture at that time and the types of properties we are producing against. 
 On a geographical basis, net sales in the United States increased 30.0 to 966.7 million in the year ended December 31, 2022 as compared to 743.8 million in the year ended December 31, 2021, net sales in Europe increased 22.3 to 262.6 million in the year ended December 31, 2022 from 214.7 million in the year ended December 31, 2021 and net sales in other international locations increased 32.0 to 93.4 million in the year ended December 31, 2022 from 70.7 million in the year ended December 31, 2021. 
 On a product category basis, net sales of Core Collectible branded products increased 21.6 to 998.4 million in the year ended December 31, 2022 as compared to 820.9 million in the year ended December 31, 2021. Net sales of Loungefly branded products increased 67.7 to 253.0 million in the year ended December 31, 2022 as compared to 150.8 million in the year ended December 31, 2021. Net sales of other products increased 23.9 to 71.3 million in the year ended December 31, 2022 as compared to 57.5 million the year ended December 31, 2021. 
 66 

Table of Contents 

 Although this Management s Discussion and Analysis generally does not present a discussion of the year ended December 31, 2021 compared to the year ended December 31, 2020, given our creation of three new branded categories in 2022, we are presenting a discussion of net sales by product category for the year ended December 31, 2021 compared to the year ended December 31, 2020, recast to reflect our new product categories, as follows: 
 On a product category basis, net sales of Core Collectible branded products increased 55.7 to 820.9 million in the year ended December 31, 2021 as compared to 527.2 million in the year ended December 31, 2020. Net sales of Loungefly branded products increased 157.6 to 150.8 million in the year ended December 31, 2021 as compared to 95.7 million in the year ended December 31, 2020. Net sales of other products increased 194.1 to 57.5 million in the year ended December 31, 2021 as compared to 29.6 million the year ended December 31, 2020. 
 Cost of Sales and Gross Margin (exclusive of depreciation and amortization) 
 Cost of sales (exclusive of depreciation and amortization) was 888.7 million for the year ended December 31, 2022, an increase of 37.1 , compared to 648.3 million for the year ended December 31, 2021. Cost of sales (exclusive of depreciation and amortization) increased primarily as a result of increases in shipping and freight costs outpacing net sales growth over the same time period. Product costs increased 114.0 million, shipping and freight costs increased 51.2 million and royalty expenses increased 51.8 million. 
 Gross margin (exclusive of depreciation and amortization), calculated as net sales less cost of sales as a percentage of sales, was 32.8 for the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to 37.0 for the year ended December 31, 2021. Gross margin (exclusive of depreciation and amortization) decreased 420 basis points for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to the year ended December 31, 2021, due primarily to challenges with warehouse operations and increased freight and inventory storage costs. We expect the elevated warehouse, freight and inventory costs to continue at least through first half of 2023. 
 Selling, General, and Administrative Expenses 
 Selling, general, and administrative expenses were 398.3 million for the year ended December 31, 2022, an increase of 63.0 , compared to 244.3 million for the year ended December 31, 2021. The increase was driven primarily by a 68.6 million increase in personnel expenses, commissions and stock option expense, a 33.5 million increase in software expenses, primarily as a result of the abandonment of the enterprise resource planning cloud computing arrangement of 32.5 million, a 10.3 million increase in professional fees, primarily as a result of one-time warehouse consolidation, severance and relocation costs, a 9.6 million increase in advertising and marketing, a 9.5 million increase in administrative expenses, primarily as a result of increased bad debt reserves, and a 9.4 million increase in facilities and rent, primarily related to the new U.S. warehouse and distribution center. 
 Selling, general, and administrative expenses were 30.1 of sales for the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to 23.7 of sales for the year ended December 31, 2021, primarily due to the increase in general and administrative expenses outpacing net sales. 
 Depreciation and Amortization 
 Depreciation and amortization expense was 47.7 million for the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to 41.2 million for the year ended December 31, 2021, primarily driven by the type and timing of assets placed into service. 
 Interest Expense, Net 
 Interest expense, net was 10.3 million for the year ended December 31, 2022, an increase of 44.2 , compared to 7.2 million for the year ended December 31, 2021. The increase in interest expense, net was due to higher average balances of debt outstanding as well as higher interest rates during the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 Loss on debt extinguishment 
 As a result of the debt refinancing in September 2021, 0.7 million loss on debt extinguishment was recorded for the year ended December 31, 2021 as unamortized debt financing fees were written-off. 
 67 

Table of Contents 

 Income Tax (Benefit) Expense 
 Income tax benefit was 17.8 million for the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to an income tax expense of 17.1 million for the year ended December 31, 2021. The increase in income tax benefit was primarily due to a decrease in income before income taxes of 108.0 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 as compared to the year ended December 31, 2021. The Company also realized a discrete benefit of 11.0 million from the release of a valuation allowance on the outside basis deferred tax asset during the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 Net (Loss) Income 
 Net loss was 5.2 million for the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to net income of 67.9 million for the year ended December 31, 2021. The decrease in net income was primarily the result of the increases in cost of goods sold and selling, general and administrative costs outpacing the increases in net sales for the year ended December 31, 2022 as compared to the year ended December 31, 2021, as discussed above. 
 68 

Table of Contents 

 Non-GAAP Financial Measures 
 EBITDA, Adjusted EBITDA, Adjusted Net Income and Adjusted Earnings per Diluted Share (collectively the Non-GAAP Financial Measures are supplemental measures of our performance that are not required by, or presented in accordance with, U.S. GAAP. The Non-GAAP Financial Measures are not measurements of our financial performance under U.S. GAAP and should not be considered as an alternative to net (loss) income, earnings per share or any other performance measure derived in accordance with U.S. GAAP. We define EBITDA as net (loss) income before interest expense, net, income tax expense (benefit), depreciation and amortization. We define Adjusted EBITDA as EBITDA further adjusted for non-cash charges related to equity-based compensation programs, acquisition transaction costs and other expenses, certain severance, relocation and related costs, loss on extinguishment of debt, foreign currency transaction gains and losses, Tax Receivable Agreement liability adjustments, and other unusual or one-time items. We define Adjusted Net (Loss) Income as net (loss) income attributable to Funko, Inc. adjusted for the reallocation of income attributable to non-controlling interests from the assumed exchange of all outstanding common units and options in FAH, LLC for newly issued-shares of Class A common stock of Funko, Inc. and further adjusted for the impact of certain non-cash charges and other items that we do not consider in our evaluation of ongoing operating performance. These items include, among other things, non-cash charges related to equity-based compensation programs, acquisition transaction costs and other expenses, certain severance, relocation and related costs, loss on extinguishment of debt, foreign currency transaction gains and losses, Tax Receivable Agreement liability adjustments, and the income tax expense (benefit) effect of these adjustments. We define Adjusted Earnings per Diluted Share as Adjusted Net (Loss) Income divided by the weighted-average shares of Class A common stock outstanding, assuming (1) the full exchange of all outstanding common units and options in FAH, LLC for newly issued-shares of Class A common stock of Funko, Inc. and (2) the dilutive effect of stock options and unvested common units, if any. We caution investors that amounts presented in accordance with our definitions of the Non-GAAP Financial Measures may not be comparable to similar measures disclosed by our competitors, because not all companies and analysts calculate the Non-GAAP Financial Measures in the same manner. We present the Non-GAAP Financial Measures because we consider them to be important supplemental measures of our performance and believe they are frequently used by securities analysts, investors, and other interested parties in the evaluation of companies in our industry. Management believes that investors understanding of our performance is enhanced by including these Non-GAAP Financial Measures as a reasonable basis for comparing our ongoing results of operations. 
 Management uses the Non-GAAP Financial Measures: 
 as a measurement of operating performance because they assist us in comparing the operating performance of our business on a consistent basis, as they remove the impact of items not directly resulting from our core operations; 
 for planning purposes, including the preparation of our internal annual operating budget and financial projections; 
 as a consideration to assess incentive compensation for our employees; 
 to evaluate the performance and effectiveness of our operational strategies; and 
 to evaluate our capacity to expand our business. 
 
 69 

Table of Contents 

 By providing these Non-GAAP Financial Measures, together with reconciliations, we believe we are enhancing investors understanding of our business and our results of operations, as well as assisting investors in evaluating how well we are executing our strategic initiatives. The Non-GAAP Financial Measures have limitations as analytical tools, and should not be considered in isolation, or as an alternative to, or a substitute for net (loss) income or other financial statement data presented in our consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K as indicators of financial performance. Some of the limitations are: 
 such measures do not reflect our cash expenditures, or future requirements for capital expenditures or contractual commitments; 
 such measures do not reflect changes in, or cash requirements for, our working capital needs; 
 such measures do not reflect the interest expense, or the cash requirements necessary to service interest or principal payments on our debt; 
 although depreciation and amortization are non-cash charges, the assets being depreciated and amortized will often have to be replaced in the future and such measures do not reflect any cash requirements for such replacements; and 
 other companies in our industry may calculate such measures differently than we do, limiting their usefulness as comparative measures. 
 Due to these limitations, Non-GAAP Financial Measures should not be considered as measures of discretionary cash available to us to invest in the growth of our business. We compensate for these limitations by relying primarily on our U.S. GAAP results and using these non-GAAP measures only supplementally. As noted in the table below, the Non-GAAP Financial Measures include adjustments for non-cash charges related to equity-based compensation programs, acquisition transaction costs and other expenses, certain severance, relocation and related costs, loss on extinguishment of debt, foreign currency transaction gains and losses, Tax Receivable Agreement liability adjustments and other unusual or one-time items. It is reasonable to expect that these items will occur in future periods. However, we believe these adjustments are appropriate because the amounts recognized can vary significantly from period to period, do not directly relate to the ongoing operations of our business and complicate comparisons of our internal operating results and operating results of other companies over time. Each of the normal recurring adjustments and other adjustments described herein and in the reconciliation table below help management with a measure of our core operating performance over time by removing items that are not related to day-to-day operations. 
 70 

Table of Contents 

 The following tables reconcile the Non-GAAP Financial Measures to the most directly comparable U.S. GAAP financial performance measure, which is net (loss) income, for the periods presented: Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 (in thousands, except per share data) Net (loss) income attributable to Funko, Inc. (8,035) 43,900 Reallocation of net income attributable to non-controlling interests from the assumed exchange of common units of FAH, LLC for Class A common stock (1) 
 2,795 23,954 Equity-based compensation (2) 
 16,591 12,994 Acquisition transaction costs and other expenses (3) 
 2,850 Certain severance, relocation and related costs (4) 
 9,775 277 Loss on extinguishment of debt (5) 
 675 Foreign currency transaction (gain) loss (6) 
 (3,232) 1,118 Tax receivable agreement liability adjustments (7) 
 3,987 1,590 One-time cloud based computing arrangement abandonment (8) 
 32,492 Income tax expense (9) 
 (27,657) (8,331) Adjusted net income 29,566 76,177 Weighted-average shares of Class A common stock outstanding-basic 
 44,555 38,392 Equity-based compensation awards and common units of FAH, LLC that are convertible into Class A common stock 
 6,967 15,437 Adjusted weighted-average shares of Class A stock outstanding-diluted 51,522 53,829 Adjusted earnings per diluted share 0.57 1.42 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 (in thousands) Net (loss) income (5,240) 67,854 Interest expense, net 10,334 7,167 Income tax (benefit) expense (17,801) 17,061 Depreciation and amortization 47,669 41,195 EBITDA 34,962 133,277 Adjustments: Equity-based compensation (2) 
 16,591 12,994 Acquisition transaction costs and other expenses (3) 
 2,850 Certain severance, relocation and related costs (4) 
 9,775 277 Loss on extinguishment of debt (5) 
 675 Foreign currency transaction (gain) loss (6) 
 (3,232) 1,118 Tax receivable agreement liability adjustments (7) 
 3,987 1,590 One-time cloud based computing arrangement abandonment (8) 
 32,492 Adjusted EBITDA 97,425 149,931 
 (1) Represents the reallocation of net income attributable to non-controlling interests from the assumed exchange of common units of FAH, LLC in periods in which income was attributable to non-controlling interests. 
 (2) Represents non-cash charges related to equity-based compensation programs, which vary from period to period depending on timing of awards. 
 (3) Represents acquisition-related costs related to investment banking and due diligence fees. 
 (4) Represents certain severance, relocation and related costs. For the year ended December 31, 2022, includes charges related to residual one-time relocation and severance costs for U.S. warehouse personnel in connection with the opening of a warehouse and distribution facility in Buckeye, Arizona. For the year ended December 31, 2021, includes charges related to one-time relocation costs for U.S. warehouse personnel in connection with the new opening of a warehouse and distribution facility in Buckeye, Arizona and residual severance payments related to the global workforce reduction implemented in response to the COVID-19 pandemic. 
 (5) Represents write-off of unamortized debt financing fees for the year ended December 31, 2021. 
 (6) Represents both unrealized and realized foreign currency losses (gains) on transactions other than in U.S. dollars. 
 71 

Table of Contents 

 (7) Represents recognized adjustments to the tax receivable agreement liability. 
 (8) Represents abandoned cloud computing arrangement charge related to the enterprise resource planning project for the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 (9) Represents the income tax expense effect of the above adjustments. This adjustment uses an effective tax rate of 25 for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. For the year ended December 31, 2022, this also includes the 11.0 million discrete benefit from the release of a valuation allowance on the outside basis deferred tax asset. 
 72 

Table of Contents 

 Liquidity and Financial Condition 
 Introduction 
 Our primary requirements for liquidity and capital are working capital, inventory management, capital expenditures, debt service and general corporate needs. 
 On September 17, 2021, the Company entered into a new credit agreement (the New Credit Agreement providing for a term loan facility in the amount of 180.0 million (the New Term Loan Facility and a revolving credit facility of 100.0 million (the New Revolving Credit Facility (together the New Credit Facilities ). Proceeds from the New Credit Facilities were primarily used to repay the Company s 235.0 million term loan facility (the "Former Term Loan Facility") and its 75.0 million revolving credit facility (the Former Revolving Credit Facility and together with the Former Term Loan Facility, the Former Credit Facilities ). On July 29, 2022, the New Revolving Credit Facility was increased to 215.0 million and on February 28, 2023 the New Revolving Credit Facility was reduced to 180.0 million and thereafter will be reduced to 150.0 million on December 31, 2023. Currently, we are unable to draw on the New Revolving Credit Facility in amounts in excess of the amount outstanding under the New Revolving Credit Facility on the effective date of the Third Amendment until the end of the Waiver Period as defined herein. The New Credit Facilities are secured by substantially all assets of the borrowers under the New Credit Facilities and any of their existing or future material domestic subsidiaries, subject to customary exceptions. 
 On November 25, 2022, the Company entered into a 20.0 million equipment finance agreement ("Equipment Finance Loan"). The Equipment Finance Loan is secured by certain identified assets held within our Buckeye, Arizona warehouse. 
 We are a holding company with no material assets, and we do not conduct any business operations of our own. We have no independent means of generating revenue or cash flow, and our ability to pay dividends in the future, if any, is dependent upon the financial results and cash flows of FAH, LLC and its subsidiaries and distributions we receive from FAH, LLC. Under the terms of the New Credit Facilities, our subsidiaries are currently limited in their ability to pay cash dividends to the Company, subject to certain customary exceptions, including among others: 
 the ability to pay, so long as there is no current or ongoing event of default, amounts required to be paid under the Tax Receivable Agreement, certain expenses associated with being a public company and reimbursement of expenses required by the FAH LLC Agreement or the Registration Rights Agreement; and 
 the ability to make other distributions of up to 25.0 million during any period of four consecutive fiscal quarters as long as after giving pro forma effect to such distribution (i) no event of default then exists or would result therefrom and (ii) the Net Leverage Ratio (as defined in the New Credit Agreement) is not greater than a ratio that is 0.50:1.00 less than the Net Leverage Ratio set forth in the financial covenant for the applicable fiscal quarter, provided that we do not have the ability to make such distributions during the Waiver Period. 
 We expect these limitations to continue in the future under the terms of our New Credit Agreement and that they may continue under the terms of any future credit agreement or any future debt or preferred equity securities of ours or of our subsidiaries. These limitations are also more restrictive during the Waiver Period as described herein. 
 On July 15, 2022, we filed a preliminary shelf registration statement on Form S-3 with the SEC. The Form S-3 was declared effective by the SEC on July 26, 2022 and will remain effective until through July 25, 2025. The Form S-3 allows us to offer and sell from time-to-time up to 100.0 million of Class A common stock, preferred stock, debt securities, warrants, purchase contracts or units comprised of any combination of these securities for our own account and allows certain selling stockholders to offer and sell 17,318,008 shares of Class A common stock in one or more offerings. 
 The Form S-3 is intended to provide us flexibility to conduct registered sales of our securities, subject to market conditions and our future capital needs. The terms of any future offering under the shelf registration statement will be established at the time of such offering and will be described in a prospectus supplement filed with the SEC prior to the completion of any such offering. 
 73 

Table of Contents 

 Liquidity and Capital Resources 
 The following table shows summary cash flow information for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 (in thousands): Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 Net cash (used in) provided by operating activities (40,134) 87,362 Net cash used in investing activities (78,065) (27,381) Net cash provided by (used in) financing activities 54,639 (28,628) Effect of exchange rates on cash and cash equivalents (797) (51) Net change in cash and cash equivalents (64,357) 31,302 
 Operating Activities. Our net cash (used in) provided by operating activities consists of net (loss) income adjusted for certain non-cash items, including depreciation and amortization, equity-based compensation, accretion of discount on long-term debt, as well as the effect of changes in working capital and other activities. 
 Net cash used in operating activities was 40.1 million for the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to net cash provided by operating activities of 87.4 million for the year ended December 31, 2021. Changes in net cash provided by operating activities resulted primarily from cash received from net sales and cash payments for product costs and royalty expenses paid to our licensors. Other drivers of the changes in net cash provided by operating activities include shipping and freight costs, selling, general and administrative expenses (including personnel expenses and commissions and rent and facilities costs) and interest payments made for our short-term borrowings and long-term debt. Our accounts receivable typically are short term and settle in approximately 30 to 90 days. 
 The decrease for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to the year ended December 31, 2021 was primarily due to changes in working capital, which decreased net cash provided by operating activities by 51.8 million and were primarily due to decreases in accrued expenses and other liabilities, income taxes payable, increases in prepaid expenses and other assets, and a decrease in net income, excluding non-cash adjustments, driven primarily by a decrease in net income, of 86.4 million, 30.6 million, 11.0 million, and 75.7 million, respectively. These were partially offset by decreases in accounts receivable and inventory of 75.7 million and 25.0 million, respectively. 
 Investing Activities . Our net cash used in investing activities primarily relates to the purchase of property and equipment and acquisitions, net of cash acquired. For the year ended December 31, 2022, net cash used in investing activities was 78.1 million, which was used for the purchase of property and equipment, primarily related to tooling and molds used for the expansion of product lines and warehouse equipment for the U.S. consolidated warehouse and distribution center. In addition, we used 14.0 million in net cash for the acquisition of Mondo Collectibles LLC (f/k/a Mondo Tees Buyer, LLC) and 5.5 million in net cash to purchase the remaining membership interests in TokenWave, LLC. 
 For the year ended December 31, 2021, net cash used in investing activities was 27.4 million and was used for the purchase of property and equipment, primarily related to tooling and molds used for the expansion of product lines. 
 Financing Activities . Our financing activities primarily consist of proceeds from stock issuances, the issuance of long-term debt, net of debt issuance costs, the repayment of long-term debt, payments and borrowings under our line of credit facility, distributions to members and the payment of contingent consideration. 
 For the year ended December 31, 2022, net cash provided by financing activities was 54.6 million, primarily related to proceeds from net borrowings on the New Revolving Line of Credit of 70.0 million and proceeds of 20.0 million from the Equipment Finance Loan, offset by payments under the Tax Receivable Agreement of 7.7 million, distributions to the Continuing Equity Owners of 10.7 million, and net payments on the Term Loan Facility of 18.0 million. 
 74 

Table of Contents 

 For the year ended December 31, 2021, net cash used in financing activities was 28.6 million, primarily related to payments under the Tax Receivable Agreement of 1.7 million, distributions to the Continuing Equity Owners of 9.3 million, and net payments on the Term Loan Facility of 18.4 million, partially offset by 3.8 million proceeds from the exercise of equity-based options. 
 Financial Condition 
 Notwithstanding our obligations under the Tax Receivable Agreement between Funko, Inc., FAH, LLC and each of the Continuing Equity Owners, we believe that our sources of liquidity and capital will be sufficient to finance our continued operations, growth strategy, our planned capital expenditures and the additional expenses we incur as a public company for at least the next 12 months. 
 However, we cannot assure you that our cash provided by operating activities, cash and cash equivalents or, after the end of the Waiver Period cash available under our Revolving Credit Facility will be sufficient to meet our future needs. In particular, though we were in compliance with the financial and other covenants under the New Credit Agreement as of December 31, 2022, subsequent to such date, our projections indicated that we would be unable to maintain compliance with such financial covenants as of March 31, 2023. As a result, on February 28, 2023, we entered into an amendment to the New Credit Agreement (the "Third Amendment") to, among other things, (i) modify the financial covenants under the New Credit Agreement for the period beginning on the date of the Third Amendment through the fiscal quarter ending December 31, 2023 (the Waiver Period ), (ii) reduce the size of the New Revolving Credit Facility from 215.0 million to 180.0 million as of the date of the Third Amendment and thereafter to 150.0 million on December 31, 2023, which reduction shall be permanent after the Waiver Period, (iii) restrict the ability to draw on the New Revolving Credit Facility during the Waiver Period in excess of the amount outstanding on the date of the Third Amendment, (iv) increase the margin payable under the Credit Facilities during the Waiver Period to (a) 4.00 per annum with respect to any Term Benchmark Loan or RFR Loan (each as defined in the New Credit Agreement), and (b) 3.00 per annum with respect to any Canadian Prime Loan or ABR Loan (each as defined in the New Credit Agreement), (iv) allow that any calculation of Consolidated EBITDA (as defined in the New Credit Agreement) that includes the fiscal quarters during the Waiver Period may include certain agreed upon amounts for certain addbacks, (v) further limit our ability to make certain restricted payments, including the ability to pay dividends or make other distributions on equity interests, or redeem, repurchase or retire equity interests, incur additional indebtedness, incur additional liens, enter into sale and leaseback transactions or issue additional equity interests or securities convertible into or exchange for equity interests (other than the issuance of common stock) during the Waiver Period, (vi) require a minimum cash requirement of at least 10.0 million and (vii) require a mandatory prepayment of the New Revolving Credit Facility during the Waiver Period with any cash proceeds in excess of 25.0 million. Following the Waiver Period, beginning in the fiscal quarter ended March 31, 2024, the Third Amendment resets the maximum Net Leverage Ratio and the minimum Fixed Charge Coverage Ratio (each as defined in the New Credit Agreement) that must be maintained by the Credit Agreement Parties to 2.50:1.00 and 1.25:1.00, respectively, which were the ratios in effect under the New Credit Agreement prior to the Third Amendment. We cannot assure you that we will be able to maintain compliance with our financial covenants as amended after the Waiver Period, or that we will be able to further amend the New Credit Agreement should similar circumstances arise in the future. 
 If our operating results fail to improve or if we are otherwise unable to maintain compliance with the financial or other covenants under the New Credit Agreement, our lenders could, among other things, continue to refuse to permit any additional borrowings under the New Revolving Credit Facility, terminate all outstanding commitments thereunder and accelerate all outstanding borrowings and other obligations, which would require us to seek additional financing. Even in the absence of such event, if we are unable to generate sufficient cash flows from operations in the future, and if availability under our Revolving Credit Facility is not sufficient after the Waiver Period, we may have to obtain additional financing. If we obtain additional capital by issuing equity, the interests of our existing stockholders will be diluted. If we incur additional indebtedness, that indebtedness may contain significant financial and other covenants that may significantly restrict our operations. We cannot assure you that we could obtain refinancing or additional financing on favorable terms or at all, particularly during the Waiver Period. 
 As noted above, on September 17, 2021, we entered into the New Credit Facilities which, as amended, are secured by substantially all assets of the Borrowers and any of their existing or future material domestic subsidiaries, subject to customary exceptions. 
 75 

Table of Contents 

 The New Term Loan Facility matures on September 17, 2026 (the Maturity Date and amortizes in quarterly installments in aggregate amounts equal to 2.50 of the original principal amount of the New Term Loan Facility, with any outstanding balance due and payable on the Maturity Date. The first amortization payment commenced with the quarter ending on December 31, 2021. The New Revolving Credit Facility also terminates on the Maturity Date and loans thereunder may be borrowed, repaid, and reborrowed up to such date. 
 Subject to the interest rates during the Waiver Period as described above, loans under the New Credit Facilities will, at the Borrowers option, bear interest at either (i) Term SOFR, EURIBOR, HIBOR, CDOR, SONIA and/or the Central Bank Rate, as applicable, plus (x) 2.50 per annum and (y) solely in the case of Term SOFR based loans, 0.10 per annum or (ii) ABR or the Canadian prime rate, as applicable, plus 1.50 per annum, in each case of clauses (i) and (ii), subject to two 0.25 per annum step-downs based on the achievement of certain leverage ratios following July 29, 2022. Each of Term SOFR, EURIBOR, HIBOR, CDOR and Daily Simple SONIA rates are subject to a 0.00 floor. For loans based on ABR, the Central Bank Rate or the Canadian prime rate, interest payments are due quarterly. For loans based on SONIA, interest payments are due monthly. For loans based on Term SOFR, EURIBOR, HIBOR or CDOR, interest payments are due at the end of each applicable interest period. 
 The New Credit Agreement contains a number of covenants that, among other things and subject to certain exceptions, restrict our ability to: 
 incur additional indebtedness; 
 incur certain liens; 
 consolidate, merge or sell or otherwise dispose of our assets; 
 make investments, loans, advances, guarantees and acquisitions; 
 pay dividends or make other distributions on equity interests, or redeem, repurchase or retire equity interests; 
 enter into transactions with affiliates; 
 enter into sale and leaseback transactions in respect to real property; 
 enter into swap agreements; 
 enter into agreements restricting our subsidiaries ability to pay dividends; 
 issue or sell equity interests or securities convertible into or exchangeable for equity interests; 
 redeem, repurchase or refinance other indebtedness; and 
 amend or modify our governing documents. 
 These limitations are also more restrictive during the Waiver Period as described herein. In addition, the New Credit Agreement requires FAH, LLC and its subsidiaries to comply on a quarterly basis with a maximum Net Leverage Ratio and a minimum fixed charge coverage ratio (in each case, measured on a trailing four-quarter basis) other than during the Waiver Period. The maximum Net Leverage Ratio and the minimum fixed charge coverage ratio for the fiscal quarter ending December 31, 2022 are 2.50:1.00 and 1.25:1.00, respectively, and such ratios will apply again commencing after the Waiver Period for the fiscal quarter ended March 31, 2024. 
 As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, we were in compliance with all covenants with the New Credit Facilities. Subsequent to the Third Amendment, we expect to maintain compliance with our covenants for at least one year from the issuance of these financial statements based on our current expectations and forecasts. If economic conditions worsen, such as due to the COVID-19 pandemic or international conflict, and negatively impact the Company s earnings and operating cash flows, this could impact our ability to regain compliance with our amended financial covenants and require the Company to seek additional amendments to our New Credit Agreement. 
 76 

Table of Contents 

 The New Credit Agreement also contains certain customary representations and warranties and affirmative covenants, and certain reporting obligations. In addition, the lenders under the New Credit Facilities will be permitted to accelerate all outstanding borrowings and other obligations, terminate outstanding commitments and exercise other specified remedies upon the occurrence of certain events of default (subject to certain grace periods and exceptions), which include, among other things, payment defaults, breaches of representations and warranties, covenant defaults, certain cross-defaults and cross-accelerations to other indebtedness, certain events of bankruptcy and insolvency, certain material monetary judgments and changes of control. The New Credit Agreement defines change of control to include, among other things, any person or group other than ACON and its affiliates becoming the beneficial owner of more than 35 of the voting power of the equity interests of Funko, Inc. 
 As of December 31, 2022, we had 19.2 million of cash and cash equivalents and 111.8 million of working capital, compared with 83.6 million of cash and cash equivalents and 167.6 million of working capital as of December 31, 2021. Working capital is impacted by seasonal trends of our business and the timing of new product releases, as well as our current portion of long-term debt and draw downs on our line of credit. For further discussion of changes in our debt, see below, and Note 10, Debt of the notes to our consolidated financial statements. 
 
 77 

Table of Contents 

 Future Sources and Uses of Liquidity 
 Sources 
 As noted above, historically, our primary sources of cash flows have been cash flows from operating activities and borrowings under our Credit Facilities. We expect these sources of liquidity to continue to be our primary sources of liquidity. 
 Credit Facilities . On September 17, 2021, the Company entered into the New Credit Facilities. For a discussion of our Credit Facilities, see Note 10, Debt of the notes to our consolidated financial statements. 
 Offerings of Registered Securities . On July 15, 2022, we filed a preliminary shelf registration statement on Form S-3 with the SEC. The Form S-3 was declared effective by the SEC on July 26, 2022 and will remain effective until through July 25, 2025. The Form S-3 allows us to offer and sell from time-to-time up to 100.0 million of Class A common stock, preferred stock, debt securities, warrants, purchase contracts or units comprised of any combination of these securities for our own account and allows certain selling stockholders to offer and sell 17,318,008 shares of Class A common stock in one or more offerings. The terms of any offering under the shelf registration statement will be established at the time of such offering and will be described in a prospectus supplement filed with the SEC prior to the completion of any such offering. 
 Uses 
 As noted above, our primary requirements for liquidity and capital are working capital, inventory management, capital expenditures, debt service and general corporate needs. For a description of the Company's future maturities of debt, see Note 10, Debt, and for a description of the Company's operating lease agreements, see Note 11, Leases. See Note 13 "Liabilities under Tax Receivable Agreement" in the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included in this Form 10-K for a discussion of our obligations under the Tax Receivable Agreement. See Note 14 "Commitments and Contingencies" in the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included in this Form 10-K for a discussion of other material contractual obligations. 
 Additional future liquidity needs may include tax distributions, the redemption right held by the Continuing Equity Owners that they may exercise from time to time (should we elect to exchange their common units for a cash payment), payments under the Tax Receivable Agreement and general cash requirements for operations and capital expenditures (including future warehouse management system (WMS), additional platforms to support our direct-to-consumer experience, and capital build out of new leased warehouse and office space). The Continuing Equity Owners may exercise their redemption right for as long as their common units remain outstanding. Although the actual timing and amount of any payments that may be made under the Tax Receivable Agreement will vary, we expect that the payments we will be required to make to the TRA Parties will be significant. Any payments made by us to the TRA Parties under the Tax Receivable Agreement will generally reduce the amount of overall cash flow that might have otherwise have been available to us or to FAH, LLC and, to the extent that we are unable to make payments under the Tax Receivable Agreement for any reason, the unpaid amounts generally will be deferred and will accrue interest until paid by us; provided however, that nonpayment for a specified period may constitute a material breach under the Tax Receivable Agreement and therefore may accelerate payments due under the Tax Receivable Agreement. 
 
 Seasonality 
 While our customers in the retail industry typically operate in highly seasonal businesses, we have historically experienced only moderate seasonality in our business. Historically, over 50 of our net sales are made in the third and fourth quarters, primarily in the period from August through November, as our customers build up their inventories in anticipation of the holiday season. Historically, the first quarter of the year has represented the lowest volume of shipment and sales in our business and in the retail and toy industries generally and it is also the least profitable quarter due to the various fixed costs of the business. However, the rapid growth we have experienced in recent years may have masked the full effects of seasonal factors on our business to date, and as such, seasonality may have a greater effect on our results of operations in future periods. 
 78 

Table of Contents 

 Recent Accounting Pronouncements 
 See discussion of recently adopted and recently issued accounting pronouncements in Note 2, Significant Accounting Policies of the notes to our consolidated financial statements. 
 
 Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates 
 Discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations are based on our consolidated financial statements which have been prepared in accordance with U.S. GAAP. The preparation of these financial statements requires us to make estimates and judgments that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and related disclosures of contingent assets and liabilities, revenue and expenses at the date of the consolidated financial statements. We base our estimates on historical experience and on various other assumptions in accordance with U.S. GAAP that we believe to be reasonable under the circumstances. Actual results may differ from these estimates under different assumptions or conditions. 
 Critical accounting policies and estimates are those that we consider the most important to the portrayal of our financial condition and operating results and require management s most difficult, subjective or complex judgments, often as a result of the need to make estimates about the effect of matters that are inherently uncertain. Our critical accounting policies and estimates include those related to revenue recognition and sales allowances, royalties, inventory, goodwill and intangible assets and income taxes. Changes to these policies and estimates could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition. 
 Revenue Recognition and Sales Allowance. Revenue from the sale of our products is recognized when control of the goods is transferred to the customer, which is upon shipment or upon receipt of finished goods by the customer, depending on the contract terms. The majority of revenue is recognized upon shipment of products to the customer. 
 We routinely enter into arrangements with our customers to provide sales incentives, support customer promotions, and provide allowances for returns and defective merchandise. These sales adjustments require management to make estimates. In making these estimates, management considers all available information including the overall business environment, historical trends and information from customers, such as agreed upon customer contract terms as well as historical experience from the customer. The estimated costs of these programs reduce gross sales in the period the related sale is recognized. We adjust our estimates at least quarterly or when facts and circumstances used in the estimate process change; historically adjustments to these estimates have not been material. 
 We have elected to account for shipping and handling activities that occur after control of the related good transfers as fulfillment activities instead of assessing such activities as performance obligations. Accordingly, shipping and handling activities that are performed by us, whether before or after a customer has obtained control of the products, are considered fulfillment costs to satisfy our performance obligation to transfer the products and are recorded as incurred within cost of goods sold. 
 We have made an accounting policy election to exclude from revenue all taxes assessed by a governmental authority that are both imposed on and concurrent with a specific revenue-producing transaction and collected by the Company from a customer (for example, sales, use, value added, and certain excise taxes). 
 Royalties. We enter into agreements for rights to licensed trademarks, copyrights and likenesses for use in our products. These licensing agreements require the payment of royalty fees to the licensor based on a percentage of revenue. Many licensing agreements also require minimum royalty commitments. When royalty fees are paid in advance, we record these payments as a prepaid asset. If we determine that it is probable that the expected revenue will not be realized, a reserve is recorded against the prepaid asset for the non-recoverable portion. As of December 31, 2022, we recorded a prepaid asset of 13.0 million , net of a reserve of 0.8 million . As of December 31, 2021, we recorded a prepaid asset of 4.7 million, net of a reserve of 0.7 million. 
 We record a royalty liability as revenues are recognized based on the terms of the licensing agreement. In situations where a minimum commitment is not expected to be met based on expected revenues, we will accrue up to the minimum amount when it is reasonably certain that revenues generated will not meet the minimum commitment. Royalty and license expense is recorded within cost of sales on the consolidated statements of operations. Royalty expenses for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, were 213.1 million and 161.6 million, respectively. 
 79 

Table of Contents 

 Inventory. Inventory consists primarily of figures, plush and accessories and other finished goods, and is accounted for using the first-in, first-out, or FIFO, method. Inventory costs include direct product costs and freight costs. We maintain reserves for excess and obsolete inventories to reflect the inventory balance at the lower of cost or net realizable value. This valuation requires us to make judgments, based on currently available information, about the likely method of disposition, through sales to customers, or liquidation, and expected recoverable value of each disposition category. We estimate obsolescence based on assumptions regarding future demand. 
 Goodwill and Intangible Assets. Goodwill represents the excess of the purchase price over the net amount of identifiable assets acquired and liabilities assumed in a business combination measured at fair value. We evaluate goodwill for impairment annually on October 1 of each year and upon the occurrence of triggering events or substantive changes in circumstances that could indicate a potential impairment by assessing qualitative factors or performing a quantitative analysis in determining whether it is more likely than not that the fair value of the net assets is below their carrying amounts. 
 Intangible assets acquired in a business combination are recognized separately from goodwill and are initially recognized at their fair value at the acquisition date. Intangible assets acquired include intellectual property (product design), customer relationships, and trade names. These are definite-lived assets and are amortized on a straight-line basis over their estimated useful lives. Intangible assets are reviewed for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of the assets might not be recoverable. Conditions that would necessitate an impairment assessment include a significant decline in the observable market value of an asset, a significant change in the extent or manner in which an asset is used, or any other significant adverse change that would indicate that the carrying amount of an asset or group of assets may not be recoverable. 
 Income Taxes. We apply the provisions of Accounting Standards Codification ASC Topic No. 740, Income Taxes ASC 740 ). Under ASC 740, deferred tax assets and liabilities are determined based on differences between the financial reporting and tax bases of assets and liabilities and are measured using the enacted tax rates and laws that will be in effect when the differences are expected to reverse. We record a valuation allowance against our deferred tax assets when it is more likely than not that all or a portion of a deferred tax asset will not be realized. In evaluating our ability to recover our deferred tax assets, we consider all available positive and negative evidence, including our operating results, ongoing tax planning and forecasts of future taxable income on a jurisdiction-by-jurisdiction basis. If we determine we will not be able to fully utilize all or part of these deferred tax assets, we would record a valuation allowance through earnings in the period the determination was made, which would have an adverse effect on our results of operations and earnings. In accordance with ASC 740, we recognize, in our consolidated financial statements, the impact of our tax positions that are more likely than not to be sustained upon examination based on the technical merits of the positions. We recognize interest and penalties for uncertain tax positions in selling, general and administrative expenses. 
 We are subject to U.S. federal, state and local income taxes with respect to our allocable share of any taxable income of FAH, LLC and are taxed at the prevailing corporate tax rates. FAH, LLC is treated as a partnership for U.S. federal income tax purposes and, as such, generally is not subject to any entity level U.S. federal income tax. Instead, taxable income is allocated to holders of its common units, including us. As a result, we incur income taxes on our allocable share of any net taxable income of FAH, LLC. Pursuant to the Second Amended and Restated FAH, LLC Agreement, FAH, LLC will generally make pro rata tax distributions to holders of common units in an amount sufficient to fund all or part of their tax obligations with respect to the taxable income of FAH, LLC that is allocated to them. 
 Pursuant to the Tax Receivable Agreement, we are required to make cash payments to the TRA Parties equal to 85 of the tax benefits, if any, that we realize, or in some circumstances are deemed to realize, as a result of (1) any redemptions funded by us or exchanges (or deemed exchanges in certain circumstances) of common units for Class A common stock or cash, and (2) certain additional tax benefits attributable to payments under the Tax Receivable Agreement ("Tax Receivable Agreement Payments ). Amounts payable under the Tax Receivable Agreement are contingent upon, among other things, (i) generation of taxable income over the term of the Tax Receivable Agreement and (ii) changes in tax laws. If we do not generate sufficient taxable income in the aggregate over the term of the Tax Receivable Agreement to utilize the tax benefits, then we would not be required to make the related Tax Receivable Agreement Payments. Therefore, we only recognize a liability for Tax Receivable Agreement Payments if we determine that it is probable that we will generate sufficient future taxable income over the term of the Tax Receivable Agreement to utilize the related tax benefits. Estimating future taxable income is inherently uncertain and requires judgment. In projecting future taxable income, we consider our historical results and incorporate certain assumptions, including projected revenue growth, and operating margins, among others. 
 80 

Table of Contents 

 Upon redemption or exchange of common units in FAH, LLC, we record a liability relating to the obligation if we believe that it is probable that we would have sufficient future taxable income to utilize the related tax benefits. If we determine in the future that we will not be able to fully utilize all or part of the related tax benefits, we would derecognize any portion of the liability related to the benefits not expected to be utilized. 
 Additionally, we will estimate the amount of Tax Receivable Agreement Payments expected to be paid within the next 12 months and classify this amount as current on our consolidated balance sheets. This determination is based on our estimate of taxable income for the next fiscal year. To the extent our estimate differs from actual results, we may be required to reclassify portions of our liabilities under the Tax Receivable Agreement between current and non-current. 
 During years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company acquired an aggregate of 6.5 million and 3.9 million common units of FAH, LLC, respectively, in connection with the redemption of common units, which resulted in an increase in the tax basis of our investment in FAH, LLC subject to the provisions of the Tax Receivable Agreement. As a result of these exchanges, during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company recognized an increase to its net deferred tax assets in the amount of 30.6 million and 17.2 million, respectively, and corresponding Tax Receivable Agreement liabilities of 30.0 million and 20.7 million, respectively, representing 85 of the tax benefits due to the Continuing Equity Owners. In addition, during the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company recognized 4.0 million and 1.6 million, respectively of expenses in other expense, net on our consolidated statements of operations related to remeasurement adjustments of Tax Receivable Agreement liabilities. 
 81 

Table of Contents 

 ITEM 7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK. 
 We are exposed to market risk from changes in interest rates, foreign currency and inflation. All of these market risks arise in the normal course of business, as we do not engage in speculative trading activities. The following analysis provides quantitative information regarding these risks. 
 Interest Rate Risk. Our operating results are subject to risk from interest rate fluctuations on our Credit Facilities, which carry variable interest rates. Interest rate risk is the exposure to loss resulting from changes in the level of interest rates and the spread between different interest rates. Our Credit Facilities include the Term Loan Facility and the Revolving Credit Facility with advances tied to a borrowing base and which bear interest at a variable rate. Because our Credit Facilities bear interest at variable rates, we are exposed to market risks relating to changes in interest rates. Interest rate risk is highly sensitive due to many factors, including U.S. monetary and tax policies, U.S. and international economic factors and other factors beyond our control. As of December 31, 2022 , we had 225.8 million of variable rate debt outstanding under our Credit Facilities, consisting of 155.8 million outstanding under the Term Loan Facility (net of unamortized discount of 1.7 million) in outstanding variable rate borrowings. We had 70.0 million outstanding variable rate borrowings under our Revolving Credit Facility. Based upon a sensitivity analysis of our debt levels on December 31, 2022 , an increase or decrease of 1 in the effective interest rate would cause an increase or decrease in interest expense of approximately 1.6 million over the next 12 months. We do not use derivative financial instruments for speculative or trading purposes, but this does not preclude our adoption of specific hedging strategies in the future. 
 Foreign Currency Risk. We sell directly to certain of our customers in Europe, the Middle East and Africa through our subsidiary, Funko UK, Ltd. While currently our inventory purchases for Funko UK, Ltd. are in U.S. dollars, their product sales are primarily in British pounds and euros. Funko UK, Ltd. also incurs a portion of its operating expenses in British pounds. In addition, we have another international subsidiary in Hong Kong that primarily incur operating expenses in local currency and use the local currency as each subsidiary's functional currency. Therefore, our results of operations and cash flows are subject to fluctuations due to changes in foreign currency exchange rates, principally the British pound and euro. However, we believe that the exposure to foreign currency fluctuation from product sales and operating expenses is not significant at this time. As we grow our operations, our exposure to foreign currency risk could become more significant. 
 Impact of Inflation. Our results of operations and financial condition are presented based on historical cost. While it is difficult to accurately measure the impact of inflation due to the imprecise nature of the estimates required, we believe the effects of inflation, if any, on our historical results of operations and financial condition have been immaterial. We have experienced and anticipate experiencing inflationary pressures on the inbound shipping and product costs which we have partially mitigated through price increases of certain products. We also anticipate inflationary pressures on goods and services we obtain for general operations . We cannot assure you, however, that our results of operations and financial condition will not be materially impacted by inflation in the future. 
 82 

Table of Contents 

ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 
 FUNKO, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022, 2021 AND 2020 
 CONTENTS Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID: 
 84 
 Consolidated Financial Statements: 
 Consolidated Statements of Operations 
 87 
 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive (Loss) Income 
 88 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets 
 89 
 Consolidated Statements of Stockholders Equity 
 90 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
 91 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 92 

83 

Table of Contents 

 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 

To the Shareholders and the Board of Directors of 
 Funko, Inc. 
 
 Opinion on the Financial Statements 
 
 We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Funko, Inc. and subsidiaries (the Company) as of December 31, 2022, and 2021, the related consolidated statements of operations, comprehensive (loss) income, stockholders equity and cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022, and the related notes and financial statement schedule listed in the Index at Item 15(a)(2) (collectively referred to as the consolidated financial statements ). In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company at December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022, in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles. 
 
 We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the Company's internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control-Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (2013 framework) and our report dated March 1, 2023 expressed an adverse opinion thereon. 
 
 Basis for Opinion 
 
 These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company's management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 
 We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 
 Critical Audit Matters 
 
 The critical audit matters communicated below are matters arising from the current period audit of the financial statements that were communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that: (1) relate to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective or complex judgments. The communication of critical audit matters does not alter in any way our opinion on the consolidated financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matters below, providing separate opinions on the critical audit matters or on the accounts or disclosures to which they relate. 

84 

Table of Contents 

Measurement of deferred tax assets related to the Company s investment in Funko Acquisition Holdings, L.L.C. Description of the Matter As discussed in Note 12 of the consolidated financial statements, the noncontrolling interest holders of Funko Acquisition Holdings, L.L.C. LLC may redeem their equity interests in Funko Acquisition Holdings LLC LLC interests for shares of the Company s Class A common stock as part of the Tax Receivable Agreement TRA ). For income tax purposes, these redemptions are treated as direct purchases of LLC equity and are recorded at their fair market value upon the date of the redemption. The resulting incremental tax basis in excess of the book basis arising from a redemption represents a deductible temporary difference for which a deferred tax asset is recorded. At December 31, 2022, the Company s total deferred tax asset related to the basis difference in its investment in LLC was 26.9 million. The basis difference in the Company s investment in LLC changes through redemptions of LLC interests and other qualifying transactions. Auditing management s accounting for the additional outside basis adjustments arising as a result of TRA exchanges is especially complex and challenging. It requires the Company s accounting to timely identify all historical basis differences and subsequent adjustments related to the redemptions, described above, and the related TRA payments to the LLC holders. How We Addressed the Matter in Our Audit To test the completeness and accuracy of the deferred tax asset related to the basis difference in the investment in the LLC, we performed audit procedures that included, among others, testing redemptions of LLC interests on a sample basis by inspection of redemption notices, and obtaining external confirmation of the Company s shares issued and outstanding with the stock transfer agent. Further, to test the measurement of the deferred tax asset, for a selection of redemptions, we recalculated the change in tax basis resulting from the redemptions, including the determination of fair value and validating the Company s underlying assumptions used in the calculation have not changed outside of expectations. We also evaluated the Company s disclosures included in Note 12 to the consolidated financial statements in relation to these matters. Measurement of the Tax Receivable Agreement Liability Description of the Matter As discussed in Note 13 of the consolidated financial statements, the Company has a Tax Receivable Agreement which is a contractual commitment to distribute 85 of any tax benefits TRA Payment ), realized or deemed to be realized by the Company to the parties to the TRA. The TRA payments are contingent upon, among other things, the generation of future taxable income over the term of the TRA and future changes in tax laws. At December 31, 2022, the Company s liability due to the holders of the LLC interests under the TRA TRA liability was 109.2 million. 
 Auditing management s accounting for the additional outside basis adjustments arising as a result of TRA exchanges is especially complex and challenging. It requires the Company s accounting to timely identify all historical basis differences and subsequent adjustments related to the redemptions, described above, and the related TRA payments. 
 
 85 

Table of Contents 

 How We Addressed the Matter in Our Audit To test the measurement of the Company s TRA liability, our audit procedures included, among others, testing the calculation of the outside basis adjustments as a result of redemptions and TRA payments, which give rise to the TRA liability. We recalculated the Company s share of the tax basis in the net assets of Funko Acquisition Holdings, L.L.C. To test the Company s position that there is sufficient future taxable income to realize the tax benefits related to the redemptions discussed above, we evaluated the assumptions used by management to develop the projections of future taxable income. For example, we compared the projections of future taxable income with the actual results of prior periods, as well as management s consideration of current industry and economic trends. We also assessed the historical accuracy of management s projections and reconciled the projections of future taxable income with forecasted financial information prepared by the Company, ensuring this information is consistent with forecasts used for internal and external reporting. We recalculated the TRA liability and compared the calculation to the terms set out in the TRA. We tested the classification of the TRA liability between current and non-current assets is appropriate, based upon the expected TRA payments within 12 months of the balance sheet date. We also evaluated the Company s disclosures included in Note 13 to the consolidated financial statements in relation to these matters. 

/s/ 
 
 We have served as the Company s auditor since 2015. 
 
 March 1, 2023 

86 

Table of Contents 

 FUNKO, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 (in thousands, except per share data) Net sales Cost of sales (exclusive of depreciation and 
 amortization shown separately below) 
 Selling, general, and administrative expenses Depreciation and amortization Total operating expenses (Loss) income from operations ) Interest expense, net Loss on extinguishment of debt Other expense, net (Loss) income before income taxes ) Income tax (benefit) expense ) Net (loss) income ) Less: net income attributable to non-controlling 
 interests 
 Net (loss) income attributable to Funko, Inc. ) (Loss) earnings per share of Class A common stock: Basic ) Diluted ) Weighted average shares of Class A common 
 stock outstanding: 
 Basic Diluted 
 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 
 87 

Table of Contents 

 FUNKO, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE (LOSS) INCOME Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 (in thousands) Net (loss) income ) Other comprehensive (loss) income: Foreign currency translation (loss) gain, net of tax effect of , and ) for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively 
 ) ) Reclassification of foreign currency translation gain into net (loss) income ) Comprehensive (loss) income ) Less: Comprehensive income attributable to 
 non-controlling interests 
 Comprehensive (loss) income attributable to Funko, Inc. ) 
 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 88 

Table of Contents 

 FUNKO, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS December 31, 2022 2021 (in thousands, except per share data) Assets Current assets: Cash and cash equivalents Accounts receivable, net Inventory Prepaid expenses and other current assets Total current assets Property and equipment, net Operating lease right-of-use assets Goodwill Intangible assets, net Deferred tax asset Other assets Total assets Liabilities and Stockholders' Equity Current liabilities: Line of credit Current portion long-term debt, net of unamortized discount Current portion of operating lease liabilities Accounts payable Income taxes payable Accrued royalties Accrued expenses and other current liabilities Total current liabilities Long-term debt, net of unamortized discount Operating lease liabilities, net of current portion Deferred tax liability Liabilities under tax receivable agreement, net of current portion Other long-term liabilities Commitments and contingencies (Note 14) Stockholders' equity: Class A common stock, par value per share, shares authorized; shares and shares issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively 
 Class B common stock, par value per share, shares authorized; shares and shares issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively 
 Additional paid-in-capital Accumulated other comprehensive (loss) income ) Retained earnings Total stockholders' equity attributable to Funko, Inc. Non-controlling interests Total stockholders' equity Total liabilities and stockholders' equity 
 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 89 

Table of Contents 

 FUNKO, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY 
 (in thousands) Class A Common Stock Class B Common Stock Additional Paid-In Capital Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) Retained Earnings Non- Controlling Interests Total Shares Amount Shares Amount Period ended December 31, 2019 Distribution to continuing equity owners ) ) Equity-based compensation Activity under equity-based compensation plans Shares issued for purchase consideration Cumulative translation adjustment, net of tax Establishment of liabilities under tax receivable agreement and related changes to deferred tax assets ) ) Redemption of common units of FAH, LLC ) ) Net income Period ended December 31, 2020 Distribution to continuing equity owners ) ) Equity-based compensation Activity under equity-based compensation plans Cumulative translation adjustment, net of tax ) ) ) Establishment of liabilities under tax receivable agreement and related changes to deferred tax assets ) ) Redemption of common units of FAH, LLC ) ) Net income Period ended December 31, 2021 Distribution to continuing equity owners ) ) Equity-based compensation Activity under equity-based compensation plans Acquisition of non-controlling interest of TokenWave, LLC ) ) ) Cumulative translation adjustment, net of tax ) ) ) Establishment of liabilities under tax receivable agreement and related changes to deferred tax assets Recapitalization of common units of FAH, LLC ) ) Redemption of common units of FAH, LLC ) ) ) Net (loss) income ) ) Period ended December 31, 2022 ) 
 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 90 

Table of Contents 

 FUNKO, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 (in thousands) Operating Activities Net (loss) income ) Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash (used in) provided by operating activities: Depreciation, amortization and other Equity-based compensation Amortization of debt issuance costs and debt discounts Loss on debt extinguishment Deferred tax expense (benefit) ) ) Other Changes in operating assets and liabilities, net of amounts acquired: Accounts receivable, net ) Inventory ) ) Prepaid expenses and other assets ) Accounts payable ) Income taxes payable ) ) Accrued royalties Accrued expenses and other liabilities ) Net cash (used in) provided by operating activities ) Investing Activities Purchase of property and equipment ) ) ) Acquisitions, net of cash ) Other Net cash used in investing activities ) ) ) Financing Activities Borrowings on line of credit Payments on line of credit ) ) Debt issuance costs ) ) ) Proceeds from long-term debt, net Payment of long-term debt ) ) ) Contingent consideration ) ) Distributions to continuing equity owners ) ) ) Payments under tax receivable agreement ) ) ) Proceeds from exercise of equity-based options Net cash provided by (used in) financing activities ) ) Effect of exchange rates on cash and cash equivalents ) ) Net change in cash and cash equivalents ) Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of period Cash and cash equivalents at end of period Supplemental Cash Flow Information Cash paid for interest Income tax payments Establishment of liabilities under tax receivable agreement Issuance of equity instruments for acquisitions Tenant allowance 
 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 91 

Table of Contents 

 FUNKO, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 
 1. 
 of Funko Holdings LLC ("FHL") and FHL owns of Funko, LLC, a limited liability company formed in the state of Washington, which is its operating entity. The Company is a leading pop culture consumer products company that designs, sources, and distributes licensed pop culture products. The Company is headquartered in Everett, Washington. 
 Funko, Inc. operates and controls all of FAH, LLC s operations and, through FAH, LLC and its subsidiaries, conducts FAH, LLC s business, as the sole managing member. Accordingly, the Company consolidates the financial results of FAH, LLC and reports a non-controlling interest in its consolidated financial statements representing the FAH, LLC interests held by certain holders of common units in FAH, LLC (the "Continuing Equity Owners"). 
 
 2. 
 
 These transactions typically settle in less than days and were million and million at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 and , respectively, of amounts owed from the largest customer for the given period. The collection of these receivables has been within the terms of the associated customer agreement. 
 For the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, there was no individual customer that generated net sales over 10 . 
 For the year ended December 31, 2022, of sales were related to the largest license agreement with no other license agreements accounting for more than 10 of sales. For the year ended December 31, 2021, of sales were related to the Company s two largest license agreements each) with no other license agreements accounting for more than 10 of sales. For the year ended December 31, 2020, and of sales were related to the Company s two largest license agreements with no other license agreements accounting for more than 10 of sales. 
 92 

Table of Contents 

Reserves for excess and obsolete inventories were million and million as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 Furniture, fixtures, and warehouse equipment 
 to 
 Computer equipment, software and other 
 to 
 Leasehold improvements 
 Lesser of useful life or term of lease 
 
 The Company monitors long-lived assets for impairment indicators on an ongoing basis in accordance with U.S. GAAP. If impairment indicators exist, the Company will perform the required impairment analysis by comparing the undiscounted cash flows expected to be generated from the long-lived assets to the related net book values. If the net book value exceeds the undiscounted cash flows, an impairment loss is measured and recognized. An impairment loss is measured as the difference between the net book value and the fair value of the long-lived assets. Fair value is estimated based upon a combination of market and cost approaches, as appropriate. Changes in economic or operating conditions impacting these estimates and assumptions could result in the impairment of the Company's long-lived assets. 
 Other Assets 
 Other assets primarily comprise capitalized implementation costs from cloud computing arrangements, safeguarding assets and security deposits. The Company capitalizes eligible costs associated with cloud computing arrangements over the term of the arrangement, plus reasonably certain renewals, and intends to recognize those costs on a straight-line basis in the same line item in the consolidated statement of operations as the expense for fees associated with the cloud computing arrangement once the capitalized project is ready for intended use. Cloud computing arrangement costs, included in prepaid expenses and other current assets were million and million and other non-current assets were million and million as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively. amortization expense associated with the cloud computing arrangements was recorded in the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, or 2020. The Company incurred an abandonment charge of million during the year ended December 31, 2022, as it was determined the enterprise resource planning cloud computing arrangement was no longer feasible for its intended use. Cash flows related to capitalized implementation costs are presented in cash flows used in operating activities. 
 93 

Table of Contents 

 As of December 31, 2022 , we recorded a prepaid asset of million, net of a reserve of million. As of December 31, 2021, we recorded a prepaid asset of million, net of a reserve of million. 
 Royalty expenses for the years ended December 31, 2022 , 2021 and 2020, were million, million and million, respectively. 
 
 These costs are included in selling, general and administrative expenses and for the years ended December 31, 2022 , 2021 and 2020 were million, million, and million, respectively. 
 
 94 

Table of Contents 

Product design and development costs for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, were million, million, and million, respectively. 
 
 In connection with the settlement and remeasurement of intercompany balances, we recorded a million gain, a minal loss, and loss of million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 The income tax effects related to the unrealized foreign currency component of other comprehensive (loss) income are reclassified to earnings only when the net investment is sold, or when a liquidation of the respective net investment in the foreign entity is substantially completed. 
 million safeguarding asset and corresponding liability, recorded in other current assets and other current liabilities in the consolidated balance sheets, respectively, based on the fair value of the platform users' accounts at December 31, 2022. This asset (and liability) is remeasured at each reporting period. The Company has not incurred a loss related to its safeguarding of user accounts for the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 There were no other recently adopted accounting standards during the year ended December 31, 2022 that had a material effect on the financial statements. 
 
 3. 
 of the membership interests in Mondo Collectibles, LLC (f/k/a Mondo Tees Buyer, LLC) Mondo ), a high-end pop culture collectibles company that creates vinyl records, posters, soundtracks, toys, apparel, books, games and other collectibles. This transaction represents an opportunity to expand the Company s product offerings into vinyl records, posters and other high-end collectibles. The Company accounted for the acquisition as a business combination. The preliminary purchase consideration consists of million in cash. The Company is still in the process of completing the allocation of the purchase price to the fair value of the assets and liabilities acquired, and the difference between the estimated and final values could be material. 
 Goodwill of million is calculated as the excess of the purchase price paid over the net assets acquired. The Company does not expect the goodwill as recognized, to be deductible for tax purposes. An intangible asset of million, with a useful life of years was recognized for the Mondo trade name. 
 95 

Table of Contents 

 Accounts receivable Inventory Other current assets Intangible assets Goodwill Current liabilities ) Consideration transferred 
 
 4. 
 reporting unit for which discrete financial information is available and results are regularly reviewed by management. 
 impairment charges relating to goodwill were recorded in the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020. 
 Acquisition Foreign currency remeasurement ) Balance as of December 31, 2021 Acquisition Foreign currency remeasurement ) Balance as of December 31, 2022 
 The Company s long-lived asset groups, which includes intangible assets, property and equipment and operating lease right-of-use assets net of operating lease liabilities, are reviewed for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of the asset group might not be recoverable. Conditions that would necessitate an impairment assessment include a significant decline in the observable market value of an asset (or asset group), a significant change in the extent or manner in which an asset (or asset group) is used, or any other significant adverse change that would indicate that the carrying amount of an asset or group of assets may not be recoverable. 
 96 

Table of Contents 

 million in not subject to amortization but tested for impairment. There were million impairment charges relating to indefinite-lived intangible assets recorded in the years ended December 31, 2022 and impairment charges were recorded in the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020. 
 - 
 ) ) Trade names - 
 ) ) Customer relationships - 
 ) ) Licensor relationships - 
 ) ) Noncompetition agreements ) ) Total ) ) 
 Amortization expense for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 was million, million, and million, respectively. 2024 2025 2026 2027 Thereafter Total 

5. 
 to days. 
 97 

Table of Contents 

 Less: Allowance for doubtful accounts 
 ) ) Accounts receivable, net 
 Accounts receivable includes a million and million tenant improvement receivable from a lessor as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. In addition, accounts receivable as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 includes an income tax receivable of million and million. The remaining balance is customer receivables. Bad debt expense was million, million and million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 Charged to costs Write offs ) ) Allowance for doubtful accounts - ending 

6. 
 Prepaid royalties, net 
 Crypto asset safeguarding asset Other prepaid expenses and current assets 
 Prepaid expenses and other current assets 

98 

Table of Contents 

 7. 
 Leasehold improvements 
 Computer equipment, software and other 
 Furniture, fixtures and warehouse equipment 
 Construction in progress 
 Less: Accumulated depreciation 
 ) ) Property and equipment, net 
 
 Depreciation expense for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 was million, million, and million, respectively. 
 
 8. 
 Accrued shipping freight costs Accrued sales taxes Current liabilities under tax receivable agreement Crypto asset safeguarding liability Other current liabilities 
 Accrued liabilities and other current liabilities 

9. 
 million and million, respectively, of highly liquid money market funds, which are classified as Level 1 within the fair value hierarchy. 
 Crypto asset safeguarding liability and corresponding asset. The crypto asset safeguarding liability and corresponding safeguarding asset are measured and recorded at fair value on a recurring basis using prices available in the market the Company determines to be the principal market at the balance sheet date. As of December 31, 2022, the estimated fair value of the crypto asset safeguarding liability and corresponding asset was million, classified at Level 1 within the fair value hierarchy. 
 99 

Table of Contents 

 million and million, respectively. The carrying values of the Company s debt instruments at December 31, 2022 and 2021, were million and million, respectively. The estimated fair value of the Company s debt instruments primarily reflects assumptions regarding credit spreads for similar floating-rate instruments with similar terms and maturities and the Company's standalone credit risk. 
 
 10. 
 Term Loan Facility Equipment Finance Loan Debt issuance costs 
 ) ) Total term debt 
 Less: current portion 
 Long-term debt, net 
 
 2024 2025 2026 Total 
 
 New Credit Facilities 
 On September 17, 2021, the Credit Agreement Parties entered into a new credit agreement (as amended from time to time, the New Credit Agreement with JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., PNC Bank, National Association, KeyBank National Association, Citizens Bank, N.A., Bank of the West, HSBC Bank USA, National Association, Bank of America, N.A., U.S. Bank National Association, MUFG Union Bank, N.A., and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association (collectively, the Initial Lenders and JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. as administrative agent, providing for a term loan facility in the amount of million (the New Term Loan Facility and a revolving credit facility of million (the New Revolving Credit Facility (together the New Credit Facilities ). Proceeds from the New Credit Facilities were primarily used to repay the Former Credit Facilities. On April 26, 2022, the Credit Agreement Parties entered into Amendment No. 1 to the New Credit Agreement (the First Amendment with the Initial Lenders and JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. as administrative agent, which allows for additional Restricted Payments (as defined in the First Amendment) using specified funding sources. On July 29, 2022, the Credit Agreement Parties entered into Amendment No. 2 to the New Credit Agreement (the Second Amendment with the Initial Lenders and Goldman Sachs Bank USA (collectively, the Lenders and JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. as administrative agent, which increases the New Revolving Credit Facility to million and converts the New Credit Facility interest rate index from Borrower (as defined in the New Credit Agreement) option LIBOR to SOFR. 
 The New Term Loan Facility matures on September 17, 2026 (the Maturity Date and amortizes in quarterly installments in aggregate amounts equal to of the original principal amount of the New Term Loan Facility, with any outstanding balance due and payable on the Maturity Date. The first amortization payment commenced with the quarter ending on December 31, 2021. The New Revolving Credit Facility also terminates on the Maturity Date and loans thereunder may be borrowed, repaid, and reborrowed up to such date. 
 100 

Table of Contents 

 per annum and (y) solely in the case of Term SOFR based loans per annum or (ii) ABR or the Canadian prime rate, as applicable, plus , in each case of clauses (i) and (ii), subject to step-downs based on the achievement of certain leverage ratios following the Closing Date. Each of Term SOFR, EURIBOR, HIBOR, CDOR and Daily Simple SONIA rates are subject to a floor. For loans based on ABR, the Central Bank Rate or the Canadian prime rate, interest payments are due quarterly. For loans based on Daily Simple SONIA, interest payments are due monthly. For loans based on SOFR, EURIBOR, HIBOR or CDOR, interest payments are due at the end of each applicable interest period. 
 The New Credit Facilities are secured by substantially all of the assets of the Company and any of its existing or future material domestic subsidiaries, subject to customary exceptions. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company was in compliance with all of the covenants in its New Credit Agreement. 
 At December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company had million and million of borrowings outstanding under the New Term Loan Facility, respectively, and million and outstanding borrowings under the New Revolving Credit Facility, respectively. Outstanding borrowings under the New Revolving Credit Facility at December 31, 2022 are due within 30 days of each draw. At December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company had million and million available under the New Revolving Credit Facility and Former Revolving Credit Facility, respectively. 
 There were outstanding letters of credit as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. 
 Subsequent to December 31, 2022, our projections indicated that we would be unable to maintain compliance with the financial covenants under the New Credit Agreement as of March 31, 2023 and, on February 28, 2023, we entered into a further amendment (the Third Amendment to the New Credit Agreement to, among other things, (i) modify the financial covenants under the New Credit Agreement for the period beginning on the date of the Third Amendment through the fiscal quarter ending December 31, 2023 (the Waiver Period ), (ii) reduce the size of the New Revolving Credit Facility from million to million as of the date of the Third Amendment and thereafter to million on December 31, 2023, which reduction shall be permanent after the Waiver Period, (iii) restrict the ability to draw on the New Revolving Credit Facility during the Waiver Period in excess of the amount outstanding on the date of the Third Amendment, (iv) increase the margin payable under the Credit Facilities during the Waiver Period to (a) per annum with respect to any Term Benchmark Loan or RFR Loan (each as defined in the New Credit Agreement), and (b) per annum with respect to any Canadian Prime Loan or ABR Loan (as defined in the New Credit Agreement), (iv) allow that any calculation of Consolidated EBITDA (each as defined in the New Credit Agreement) that includes the fiscal quarters during the Waiver Period may include certain agreed upon amounts for certain addbacks, (v) further limit our ability to make certain restricted payments, including the ability to pay dividends or make other distributions on equity interests, or redeem, repurchase or retire equity interests, incur additional indebtedness, incur additional liens, enter into sale and leaseback transactions or issue additional equity interests or securities convertible into or exchange for equity interests (other than the issuance of common stock) during the Waiver Period, (vi) require a minimum cash requirement of at least million and (vii) require a mandatory prepayment of the New Revolving Credit Facility during the Waiver Period with any cash proceeds in excess of million. Following the Waiver Period, beginning in the fiscal quarter ended March 31, 2024, the Third Amendment resets the maximum Net Leverage Ratio and the minimum Fixed Charge Coverage Ratio (each as defined in the New Credit Agreement) that must be maintained by the Credit Agreement Parties to :1.00 and :1.00, respectively, which were the ratios in effect under the New Credit Agreement prior to the Third Amendment. As of February 28, 2023, the Company had million and million in borrowings outstanding under the New Term Loan Facility and New Revolving Credit Facility, respectively. 
 101 

Table of Contents 

 million (the Former Term Loan Facility and a revolving credit facility of million (the Former Revolving Credit Facility (together the Former Credit Facilities ). On February 11, 2019, the Credit Agreement Parties amended the Former Credit Agreement to increase the Former Revolving Credit Facility to million. On September 23, 2019, the Credit Agreement Parties entered into a second amendment to the Former Credit Agreement, which extended the maturity date of the Former Term Loan Facility and the Former Revolving Credit Facility under the Former Credit Facilities to September 23, 2024 (the Former Facility Maturity Date ), reduced the interest margin applicable to all loans under the Former Credit Agreement by and reduced certain fees incurred under the Former Credit Agreement. The second amendment also allowed the Credit Agreement Parties to request an additional million increase to the Former Term Loan Facility. 
 On May 5, 2020 the Credit Agreement Parties entered into a third amendment to the Former Credit Agreement, which modified the financial covenants and adjusted the required leverage levels for the Leverage Ratio (as defined in the Former Credit Agreement) to provide the Credit Agreement Parties with additional flexibility. 
 The Former Term Loan Facility amortized in quarterly installments in aggregate amounts equal to of the original principal amount of the Former Term Loan Facility in the first and second years of the Former Term Loan Facility, of the original principal amount of the Former Term Loan Facility in the third and fourth years of the Former Term Loan Facility and of the original principal amount of the Former Term Loan Facility in the fifth year of the Former Term Loan Facility, with any outstanding balance due and payable on the Maturity Date. The first amortization payment was on December 31, 2018. The Former Revolving Credit Facility would have terminated on the Former Facility Maturity Date and loans thereunder were eligible to be borrowed, repaid, and reborrowed up to such date. 
 As amended, loans under the Credit Facilities bore interest, at the Credit Agreement Parties' option, at either the Euro-Rate (as defined in the Credit Agreement), or in the case of swing loans, the Swing Rate (as defined in the Credit Agreement), plus or the Base Rate (as defined in the Credit Agreement) plus , with step-downs based on the achievement of certain leverage ratios. The Euro-Rate was subject to a floor and for loans based on the Euro-Rate, interest payments were due at the end of each applicable interest period. 
 The Former Credit Facilities were secured by substantially all of the assets of FAH, LLC and its material domestic subsidiaries, subject to customary exceptions. 
 In September 2021, all of the outstanding aggregate principal balance and accrued interest of million on the Credit Agreement Parties' Former Term Loan Facility was repaid, and the Credit Agreement Parties recorded a million loss on debt extinguishment as a result of the write-off of unamortized deferred financing fees. 
 Equipment Finance Loan 
 On November 25, 2022, Funko, LLC, Funko Games, LLC, Funko Acquisition Holdings, L.L.C., Funko Holdings LLC and Loungefly, LLC, (collectively, "Equipment Finance Credit Parties"), entered into a million equipment finance agreement ("Equipment Finance Loan") with Wells Fargo Equipment Finance, Inc. The loan is to be repaid in monthly equal installments starting January 15, 2023 utilizing an annual fixed interest rate of . 
 The Equipment Finance Loan is secured by certain identified assets held within our Buckeye, Arizona warehouse. 
 At December 31, 2022, the Company had million outstanding under the Equipment Finance Loan. 
 
 11. 
 
 102 

Table of Contents 

 periods at prevailing market rates at the time of renewal. In addition to minimum rent, certain of the leases require payment of real estate taxes, insurance, common area maintenance charges, and other executory costs. For certain leases the Company receives lease incentives, such as tenant improvement allowances, and records those as adjustments to operating lease right-of-use assets and operating leases liabilities on the consolidated balance sheets and amortize the lease incentives on a straight-line basis over the lease term as an adjustment to rent expense. Rent expense, included in selling, general and administrative expenses on the consolidated statements of operations, was million, million and million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 During the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, operating cash outflows relating to operating lease liabilities was million and million, respectively and operating lease right-of-use assets obtained in exchange for new operating lease obligations was million, net of lease incentives obtained of million and million, with lease incentives obtained, respectively. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company s operating leases had a weighted-average remaining term of years and years, respectively and weighted-average discount rates of and , respectively. Excluded from the measurement of operating lease liabilities and operating lease right-of-use assets were certain warehouse and distribution contracts that either qualify for the short-term lease recognition exception and/or do not give the Company the right to control the warehouse and/or distribution facilities underlying the contract. 
 During the year ended December 31, 2020, the Company recognized an impairment loss of million related to the right of use lease asset in Bath, England. The related lease liability was remeasured and reduced by million. The lease agreement was terminated in December 2021. 
 In January 2020, the Company entered into a non-cancellable operating sub-lease for office space expiring in 2024. Rental income recognized for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 was million, million and million, respectively, included as a reduction of selling, general and administrative expenses on the consolidated statements of operations. 
 2024 2025 2026 2027 Thereafter Total lease payments Less: imputed interest ) Total 

12.) Foreign (Loss) income before income taxes ) 
 Income Tax Expense (Benefit) 
 Funko, Inc. is taxed as a corporation and pays corporate federal, state and local taxes on income allocated to it from FAH, LLC based upon Funko, Inc. s economic interest held in FAH, LLC. FAH, LLC is treated as a pass-through 
 103 

Table of Contents ) State and local 
 Foreign 
 Current income taxes 
 ) ) Deferred income taxes: 
 Federal 
 ) ) State and local 
 ) ) Foreign 
 ) ) Deferred income taxes 
 ) ) Income tax (benefit) expense ) 
 State and local income taxes, net of federal benefit Foreign taxes 
 ) Foreign tax credit ) Non-deductible expenses 
 ) ) Change in valuation allowance 
 Non-controlling interest 
 ) ) Share-based compensation ) Return to provision ) Other, net 
 ) Income tax (benefit) expense 
 The Company s annual effective tax rate in 2022 is different than the statutory rate of 21 primarily due to a partial release of the valuation allowance, the limitation of future share based compensation pursuant to Section 162(m) of the Internal Revenue Code (the "Code"), and the Company is not liable for income taxes on the portion of FAH, LLC s earnings that are attributable to non-controlling interests. The Company's annual effective tax rate for 2021 and 2020 was less than the statutory rate of 21 , primarily because the Company is not liable for income taxes on the portion of FAH, LLC s earnings that are attributable to non-controlling interests. 
 104 

Table of Contents 

 Tax Receivable Agreement liability 
 Stock-based compensation 
 Foreign Tax Credit Other carryforwards Gross deferred tax assets 
 Valuation allowance 
 ) ) Deferred tax assets, net of valuation allowance 
 Deferred tax liabilities: 
 Property and equipment 
 ) ) Other ) Gross deferred tax liabilities 
 ) ) Net deferred tax assets 
 The Company evaluates its ability to realize deferred tax assets on a quarterly basis and establishes a valuation allowance when it is more likely than not that all or a portion of a deferred tax asset may not be realized. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company recognized a deferred tax asset of million and million, respectively, associated with the basis difference in its investment in FAH, LLC upon acquiring these LLC interests. However, a portion of the total basis difference will only reverse upon the eventual sale of its interest in FAH, LLC, which we expect would result in a capital loss. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company has a valuation allowance in the amount of million and million, respectively, against the deferred tax asset. The Company released million valuation allowance during the year ended December 31, 2022, related to a discrete benefit on the outside basis deferred tax asset. 
 Uncertain Tax Positions 
 The Company regularly evaluates the likelihood of realizing the benefit from income tax positions that we have taken in various federal, state and foreign filings by considering all relevant facts, circumstances and information available. If the Company determines it is more likely than not that the position will be sustained, a benefit will be recognized at the largest amount that we believe is cumulatively greater than 50 likely to be realized. 
 Decreases for positions taken in current year ) Unrecognized tax benefits at December 31 
 Of the million of unrecognized tax benefits as of December 31, 2020, million would impact the effective tax rate if recognized. 
 Interest and penalties related to income tax matters are classified as a component of income tax expense (benefit). As of December 31, 2022, and 2021, we have not recorded any interest or penalties as the amounts were not material. Unrecognized tax benefits are recorded in other long-term liabilities on the consolidated balance sheets. 
 105 

Table of Contents 

13. 
 of the amount of tax benefits, if any, that it realizes, or in some circumstances, is deemed to realize, as a result of (i) future redemptions funded by the Company or exchanges, or deemed exchanges in certain circumstances, of common units for Class A common stock or cash, and (ii) certain additional tax benefits attributable to payments made under the Tax Receivable Agreement. FAH, LLC will have in effect an election under Section 754 of the Internal Revenue Code effective for each taxable year in which a redemption or exchange (including deemed exchange) of common units for cash or stock occurs. These tax benefit payments are not conditioned upon one or more of the TRA Parties maintaining a continued ownership interest in FAH, LLC. In general, the TRA Parties rights under the Tax Receivable Agreement are assignable, including to transferees of common units in FAH, LLC (other than the Company as transferee pursuant to a redemption or exchange of common units in FAH, LLC). The Company expects to benefit from the remaining of the tax benefits, if any, that the Company may realize. 
 The Company is not obligated to make any payments under the Tax Receivable Agreement until the tax benefits associated with the transaction that gave rise to the payment are realized. Amounts payable under the Tax Receivable Agreement are contingent upon, among other things, (i) the generation of future taxable income over the term of the Tax Receivable Agreement and (ii) future changes in tax laws. If the Company does not generate sufficient taxable income in the aggregate over the term of the Tax Receivable Agreement to utilize the tax benefits, then it would not be required to make the related Tax Receivable Agreement payments. During years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company acquired an aggregate of million and million common units of FAH, LLC, respectively, in connection with the redemption of common units, which resulted in an increase in the tax basis of our investment in FAH, LLC subject to the provisions of the Tax Receivable Agreement. As a result of these exchanges, during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company recognized an increase to its net deferred tax assets in the amount of million and million, respectively, and corresponding Tax Receivable Agreement liabilities, representing of the aggregate tax benefits we expect to realize from the tax basis increases related to the redemption of FAH, LLC common units, after concluding it was probable that such Tax Receivable Agreement payments would be paid in the future based on our estimate of future taxable income. There were no transactions subject to the Tax Receivable Agreement for which the Company did not recognize the related liability during the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, as we concluded that it was probable that the Company would have sufficient future taxable income to utilize all of the related tax benefits. 
 106 

Table of Contents 

 Additional liabilities for exchanges Adjustment to remeasurement of liabilities Payments under tax receivable agreement ) ) ) Ending balance 
 The future payments on the Company s tax receivable agreement liabilities as of December 31, 2022 are expected to be (in thousands): 
 2023 2024 2025 2026 2027 Thereafter Total 
 
 14. 
 million in minimum guaranteed royalty payments under licensing arrangements, including million in 2023, million in 2024 and million in 2025. 
 Employment Agreements 
 The Company has employment agreements with certain officers. The agreements include, among other things, an annual bonus based on certain performance metrics of the Company, as defined by the board, and up to s severance pay beyond termination date. 
 Debt 
 The Company has entered into a New Credit Facility which includes a term loan facility and a revolving credit facility. The Company has also entered into an Equipment Finance Loan. See Note 10, Debt. 
 Leases 
 The Company has entered into non-cancellable operating leases for office, warehouse, and distribution facilities, with original lease periods expiring through 2032. Some operating leases also contain the option to renew for periods at prevailing market rates at the time of renewal. In addition to minimum rent, certain of the leases require payment of real estate taxes, insurance, common area maintenance charges, and other executory costs. See Note 11, Leases. 
 107 

Table of Contents 

 action under the Ferreira caption, and lead plaintiffs and lead counsel were appointed pursuant to the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act; shortly thereafter, the Western District of Washington action was voluntarily dismissed. Lead plaintiffs filed a consolidated complaint on July 31, 2020, against the Company and certain of its officers and directors, as well as entities affiliated with ACON Funko Investors, L.L.C. ACON ). 
 The consolidated complaint added Section 10(b) and 20(a) claims based on the Company s earnings announcement and Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2019, as well as claims under Section 20A of the Exchange Act. All defendants moved to dismiss the consolidated action, and the Court granted all defendants motions to dismiss the Ferreira action on February 25, 2021, allowing the lead plaintiffs leave to amend the complaint. Lead plaintiffs filed an amended complaint on March 29, 2021, and all defendants moved to dismiss. On October 25, 2021, the Court issued an order granting defendants motion in part and denying the motion in part. On May 3, 2022, the parties agreed in principle to settle the litigation. The Court granted preliminary approval of the settlement on July 17, 2022, and granted final approval on November 7, 2022. The cost of settlement was paid by the Company s director and officer liability insurance. 
 Several stockholder derivative actions based on the earnings announcement and Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2019 have been brought on behalf of the Company against certain of its directors and officers. Specifically, on April 23, June 5, and June 10, 2020, the actions captioned Cassella v. Mariotti et al. , Evans v. Mariotti et al. , and Igelido v. Mariotti et al. , respectively, were filed in the United States District Court for the Central District of California. On July 6, 2020, these actions were consolidated for all purposes into one action under the title In re Funko, Inc. Derivative Litigation , and on August 13, 2020, the consolidated action was stayed pending final resolution of the motion to dismiss in the Ferreira action. On May 9, 2022, another complaint, asserting substantially similar claims, was filed in the U.S. District Court for the Central District of California, captioned Smith v. Mariotti , et al. The Company s response to the complaints in both the consolidated action and Smith v. Mariotti are scheduled to be submitted o n March 10, 2023. 
 On June 11, 2021, a purported stockholder filed a related derivative action, captioned Silverberg v. Mariotti, et al. , in the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware. On July 5, 2022, purported stockholders filed an additional derivative action in the Court of Chancery, captioned Fletcher, et al. v. Mariotti . That complaint also asserts claims arising out of same issues and events as the Silverberg litigation and the derivative actions pending in the Central District of California. 
 108 

Table of Contents 

15. 
 segment. 
 Loungefly Branded Products Other 
 
 109 

Table of Contents 

 Europe Other International Total net sales 
 
 December 31, 2022 2021 Long-lived assets: 
 United States 
 Vietnam and China United Kingdom 
 Total long-lived assets 

16. 
 of the investors in Forbidden Planet is an employee of Funko UK, Ltd. and an executive officer. For the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, the Company recorded approximately million, million and million, respectively, in net sales from business with Forbidden Planet. At December 31, 2022 and 2021, accounts receivable from Forbidden Planet were million and million on the consolidated balance sheets, respectively. 
 leases of office space with Roll and Move, LLC and Roll and Move II LLC, both of which are owned by certain former owners of Forrest-Pruzan Creative LLC, one of whom remains an employee of the Company. In 2022, the Company leased another space with the same landlord. For the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, the Company recorded million, million and million, of rental expense related to the leases, which was recorded in selling, general and administrative expenses in the Company s consolidated statements of operations. 
 
 17. 
 of the employee earnings, and these matching contributions are fully vested as of the date on which the contribution is made. We believe that providing a vehicle for tax-deferred retirement savings though our 401(k) Plan, and making fully vested matching contributions, adds to the overall desirability of our compensation package and further incentivizes our employees, including our named executive officers, in accordance with our compensation policies. The Company s employer matching contributions were million, million and million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 

110 

Table of Contents 

 18. 
 shares of Class A common stock, up to shares of Class B common stock and shares of preferred stock, each having a par value of per share. Shares of Class A common stock have both economic and voting rights. Shares of Class B common stock have no economic rights, but do have voting rights. Holders of shares of Class A common stock and Class B common stock are entitled to vote per share on all matters presented to stockholders. The Company s board of directors has the discretion to determine the rights, preferences, privileges, restrictions and liquidation preferences of any series of preferred stock. 
 FAH, LLC Recapitalization 
 The FAH LLC Agreement, among other things, appointed the Company as FAH, LLC s sole managing member and reclassified all outstanding membership interests in FAH, LLC as non-voting common units. As the sole managing member of FAH, LLC, the Company controls the management of FAH, LLC. As a result, the Company consolidates FAH, LLC s financial results and reports a non-controlling interest related to the economic interest of FAH, LLC held by the Continuing Equity Owners. 
 The Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation and the FAH LLC Agreement requires FAH, LLC and the Company to, at all times, maintain (i) a -to-one ratio between the number of shares of Class A common stock issued by the Company and the number of common units owned by the Company and (ii) a -to-one ratio between the number of shares of Class B common stock owned by the Continuing Equity Owners and the number of common units owned by the Continuing Equity Owners (other than common units issuable upon the exercise of options and common units that are subject to time-based vesting requirements (the Excluded Common Units )). The Company may issue shares of Class B common stock only to the extent necessary to maintain the -to-one ratio between the number of common units of FAH, LLC held by the Continuing Equity Owners (other than the Excluded Common Units) and the number of shares of Class B common stock issued to the Continuing Equity Owners. Shares of Class B common stock are transferable only together with an equal number of common units of FAH, LLC. Only permitted transferees of common units held by the Continuing Equity Owners will be permitted transferees of Class B common stock. 
 The Continuing Equity Owners may from time to time at each of their options (subject, in certain circumstances, to time-based vesting requirements) require FAH, LLC to redeem all or a portion of their common units in exchange for, at the Company s election, newly-issued shares of our Class A common stock on a -for-one basis or a cash payment equal to a volume weighted average market price of one share of Class A common stock for each common unit redeemed, in each case in accordance with the terms of the FAH LLC Agreement; provided that, at the Company s election, the Company may effect a direct exchange of such Class A common stock or such cash, as applicable, for such common units. The Continuing Equity Owners may exercise such redemption right for as long as their common units remain outstanding. Simultaneously with the payment of cash or shares of Class A common stock, as applicable, in connection with a redemption or exchange of common units pursuant to the terms of the FAH LLC Agreement, a number of shares of our Class B common stock registered in the name of the redeeming or exchanging Continuing Equity Owner will be cancelled for no consideration on a -for-one basis with the number of common units so redeemed or exchanged. 
 On May 3, 2022, the Company entered into a common unit subscription agreement with FAH, LLC pursuant to which the Company purchased newly issued common units in exchange for a capital contribution of approximately million (the Capital Contribution ). Following the Capital Contribution, (i) the common units of FAH, LLC were recapitalized through a reverse unit split in order to maintain a -to-one ratio between the number of common units owned by the Company and the number of outstanding shares of Class A common stock in accordance with the FAH LLC Agreement, and (ii) approximately million outstanding shares of Class B common stock were cancelled. 
 Equity-Based Compensation 
 Funko, Inc. 2017 Incentive Award Plan . On October 23, 2017, the Company adopted the Funko, Inc. 2017 Incentive Award Plan (the 2017 Plan ). The Company reserved a total of shares of Class A common stock for issuance pursuant to the 2017 Plan. 
 111 

Table of Contents 

 shares of our Class A common stock and (ii) an annual increase on the first day of each calendar year beginning on January 1, 2020 and ending on and including January 1, 2029, equal to the lesser of (A) of the shares of Class A Common Stock outstanding as of the last day of the immediately preceding fiscal year on a fully-diluted basis and (B) such lesser number of shares of Class A common stock as determined by our board of directors. Total shares reserved for issuance under the 2019 plan was as of December 31, 2022. 
 The number of unissued common shares reserved for future grants under the 2017 Plan and 2019 Plan was and , respectively as of December 31, 2022. 
 Granted Exercised ) Forfeited ) Outstanding at December 31, 2022 Options exercisable at December 31, 2022 
 Stock options awarded to employees under the 2017 Plan and 2019 Plan are generally granted with an exercise price equal to the closing market price of the Company s common stock at the date of grant, vest over , and have contractual terms. 
 Granted Vested ) Forfeited ) Unvested at December 31, 2022 
 Granted Unvested at December 31, 2022 
 Performance stock units achievement is at the discretion of the Compensation Committee of the Board of Directors. The number of units subject to future vesting is based on annual Company achieved factors, such as Net Sales and Adjusted EBITDA Margin. Unvested units are expected to vest at the determination date of December 31, 2024. Achievement is estimated at of the units granted as of December 31, 2022. 
 112 

Table of Contents 

 options to purchase common units in FAH, LLC. 
 Exercised ) Cancelled ) Outstanding at December 31, 2022 Options exercisable at December 31, 2022 
 Intrinsic value 
 Equity-based compensation expense . The Company measures and recognizes expense for its equity-based compensation granted to employees and directors based on the fair value of the awards on the grant date. The fair value of restricted stock units is based on the market price of Class A common stock on the date of grant. The fair value of option awards is estimated at the grant date using the Black-Scholes option pricing model that requires management to apply judgment and make estimates, including: 
 Volatility this is estimated based primarily on historical volatilities of a representative group of publicly traded consumer product companies with similar characteristics 
 Risk-free interest rate this is the U.S. Treasury rate as of the grant date having a term equal to the expected term of the award 
 Expected term represents the estimated period of time until an award is exercised and was calculated based on the simplified method 
 Dividend yield the Company does not plan to pay dividends in the foreseeable future 
 Expected volatility Risk-free interest rate Dividend yield 
 The weighted-average fair value of stock options granted for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 was , , and per share, respectively. 
 Equity-based compensation expense is recognized on a straight-line basis over the vesting period of the award. The Company records equity-based compensation to selling, general and administrative expense on the consolidated statements of operations. Equity-based compensation for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 was million, million and million, respectively. 
 million of total unrecognized equity-based compensation expense that the Company expected to recognize over a remaining weighted-average period of years. 
 113 

Table of Contents 

 19. 
 million, million and million of FAH, LLC common units, respectively, representing a , and economic ownership interest in FAH, LLC, respectively. 
 Net (loss) income and comprehensive (loss) income of FAH, LLC excludes certain activity attributable to Funko, Inc., including million, million and million of equity-based compensation expense for share-based compensation awards issued by Funko, Inc. for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively, and million of income tax benefit, million income tax expense and million of income tax benefit for corporate, federal, state and local taxes attributable to Funko, Inc. for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 

114 

Table of Contents 

 20.) Less: net income attributable to non-controlling interests 
 Net (loss) income attributable to Funko, Inc. basic 
 ) Add : Reallocation of net income attributable to non- controlling interests from the assumed exchange of common units of FAH, LLC for Class A common stock 
 Net (loss) income attributable to Funko, Inc. diluted ) Denominator: Weighted-average shares of Class A common stock outstanding basic Add: Dilutive common units of FAH, LLC that are convertible into 
 Class A common stock 
 Add: Dilutive Funko, Inc. equity compensation awards 
 Weighted-average shares of Class A common stock outstanding diluted (Loss) earnings per share of Class A common stock basic ) (Loss) earnings per share of Class A common stock diluted ) 
 For the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and December 31, 2020 an aggregate of million, million and million of potentially dilutive securities, respectively, were excluded from the weighted-average in the computation of diluted (loss) earnings per share of Class A common stock because the effect would have been anti-dilutive. For the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 anti-dilutive securities included million, million and million of common units of FAH, LLC that are convertible into Class A common stock, but were excluded from the computations of diluted (loss) earnings per share because the effect would have been anti-dilutive under the if-converted method. 
 Shares of the Company s Class B common stock do not participate in the earnings or losses of the Company and are therefore not participating securities. As such, separate presentation of basic and diluted (loss) earnings per share of Class B common stock under the two-class method has not been presented. 
 
 21. 
 million to million. 

115 

Table of Contents 

 Selling, general, and administrative expenses Total operating expenses Loss from operations ) ) ) Interest (expense) income, net ) ) Tax receivable agreement liability adjustment ) ) ) Equity in net (loss) income of subsidiaries ) (Loss) income before income taxes ) Income tax (benefit) expense ) ) Net (loss) income ) 
 
 See accompanying notes to condensed financial information 
 116 

Table of Contents Other comprehensive (loss) income: Foreign currency translation (loss) gain, net of tax effect of , and ) for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively 
 ) ) Reclassification of foreign currency translation gain into net (loss) income ) Comprehensive (loss) income attributable to Funko, Inc. ) 
 
 See accompanying notes to condensed financial information 
 117 

Table of Contents 

 Income tax receivable Total current assets Intercompany receivable Deferred tax asset Investment in subsidiaries Total assets Liabilities and Stockholders' Equity Current liabilities: Tax payable Current portion of liabilities under tax receivable agreement Total current liabilities Liabilities under tax receivable agreement, net of current portion Commitments and contingencies Stockholders' equity: Class A common stock, par value per share, shares authorized; shares and shares issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively 
 Class B common stock, par value per share, shares authorized; shares and shares issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively 
 Additional paid-in-capital Accumulated other comprehensive (loss) income ) Retained earnings Total stockholders' equity Total liabilities and stockholders' equity 
 
 See accompanying notes to condensed financial information 

118 

Table of Contents Adjustments to reconcile net (loss) income to net cash (used in) provided by operating activities: Equity in net loss (income) of subsidiaries ) ) Equity-based compensation Deferred tax expense (benefit) ) ) Tax receivable liability adjustment Changes in operating assets and liabilities: Income tax receivable ) Due from related parties, net ) Prepaid expenses and other assets ) Income taxes payable ) Accrued expenses and other liabilities ) Net cash (used in) provided by operating activities ) Investing Activities Capital contribution to FAH, LLC ) Net cash (used in) investing activities ) Financing Activities Tax distribution received from FAH, LLC Tax receivable agreement payments ) ) ) Proceeds from exercise of equity-based options Net cash provided by financing activities Net change in cash and cash equivalents ) Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of period Cash and cash equivalents at end of period Supplemental Cash Flow Information Income tax payments Establishment of liabilities under tax receivable agreement Issuance of equity instruments for acquisitions 
 
 See accompanying notes to condensed financial information 

119 

Table of Contents 

 million and million as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. On May 3, 2022, the Parent Company entered into a common unit subscription agreement with FAH, LLC pursuant to which the Parent Company purchased newly issued common units in exchange for a capital contribution of approximately million (the Capital Contribution ). Following the Capital Contribution, (i) the common units of FAH, LLC were recapitalized through a reverse unit split in order to maintain a -to-one ratio between the number of common units owned by the Parent Company and the number of outstanding shares of Class A common stock in accordance with the FAH LLC Agreement, and (ii) approximately million outstanding shares of Class B common stock were cancelled. Related party amounts that were not eliminated in the consolidated financial statements include the Parent Company's liabilities under the tax receivable agreement, which totaled million and million as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 3. Commitments and Contingencies 
 The Parent Company is party to a tax receivable agreement that provides for the payment by the Parent Company to the TRA Parties of of the amount of any tax benefits that the Parent Company actually realizes, or in some cases is deemed to realize, as a result of certain transactions. See Note 13 to the Funko, Inc. consolidated financial statements, appearing elsewhere in this Form 10-K, for more information regarding the Parent Company's tax receivable agreement. As described in Note 13 to the Funko, Inc. consolidated financial statements, appearing elsewhere in the Form 10-K, amounts payable under the tax receivable agreement are contingent upon, among other things, (i) generation of future taxable income of Funko, Inc. over the term of the tax receivable agreement and (ii) future changes in tax laws. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, liabilities under the tax receivable agreement totaled million and million, respectively. 
 120 

Table of Contents 

ITEM 9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE 
 Not Applicable. 
 
 ITEM 9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 
 Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
 Our management, with the participation of our principal executive officer and principal financial officer, has concluded, based on its evaluation as of December 31, 2022, that our disclosure controls and procedures (as such term is defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Securities and Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act )), were not effective at the reasonable assurance level as of such date because of certain material weaknesses in our internal control over financial reporting, as further described below. 
 In designing and evaluating our disclosure controls and procedures, management recognizes that any controls and procedures, no matter how well designed and operated, can provide only reasonable assurance of achieving the desired control objectives. In addition, the design of disclosure controls and procedures must reflect that there are resource constraints and that management is required to apply judgment in evaluating the benefits of possible controls and procedures relative to their costs. 
 Management's Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 Management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting, as such term is defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) under the Exchange Act. Our management, under the supervision and with the participation of our principal executive officer and principal financial officer, conducted an assessment of the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on the framework and criteria established in Internal Control - Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission the COSO framework ). Based on this assessment, management concluded that, as of December 31, 2022, our internal control over financial reporting was not effective due to the existence of material weaknesses described below. 
 A material weakness is a deficiency, or a combination of deficiencies, in internal control over financial reporting, such that there is a reasonable possibility that a material misstatement of a company s annual or interim financial statements will not be prevented or detected on a timely basis. 
 We previously disclosed material weaknesses in our Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2022. Below represents our further assessment of those identified material weaknesses in internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022. In connection with our preparation of this Annual Report on Form 10-K, management identified additional deficiencies that individually and in the aggregate represent material weaknesses in our internal control over financial reporting. Specifically, management failed to design and implement certain risk assessment activities related to identifying and analyzing risks to achieve control objectives, and identifying and assessing changes in the business that could impact the system of internal controls. This material weakness contributed to our previously identified material weaknesses as well as additional material weaknesses related to the failure to design and/or fully implement controls supporting other key principles related to the following components of the COSO framework, including: 
 Control Activities we failed to design and implement certain control activities that address relevant risks, retain sufficient evidence of the performance of control activities, or design control activities at the level of precision required to identify all potentially material errors, across all significant accounts. 
 121 

Table of Contents 

 Information and Communication we failed to design and implement certain information and communication activities related to obtaining or generating and using relevant quality information to support the functioning of internal control. Specifically, the Company failed to design and implement general information technology controls GITCs supporting change management, user access and segregation of duties controls within information technology systems utilized by the Company in its financial reporting. 
 Monitoring as a result of the material weaknesses described above, we failed to design and implement certain monitoring activities to ascertain whether the components of internal control are present and functioning. 
 The effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, has been audited by Ernst Young LLP, an independent registered public accounting firm, as stated in their report which is included in this Item 9A. 
 Remediation Efforts to Address Material Weaknesses 
 We are continuing to evaluate the material weaknesses discussed above and are in process of executing the plans to remediate these material weaknesses. We have engaged with a third-party to assist us in our remediation plans and activities, have established a management level SOX Steering Committee, and our remediation efforts will continue throughout 2023. However, we cannot provide assurance as to when our remediation measures will be complete, and the material weaknesses cannot be considered remediated until the applicable controls have operated for a sufficient period of time and management has concluded, through testing, that these controls are operating effectively. We expect our remediation plan to include, among other things: 
 performing a rigorous scoping and risk assessment process to identify and analyze risk across the various levels of the Company; 
 utilizing the SOX Steering Committee to identify and analyze risks, communicate and emphasize the importance of internal control, and to report regularly to the Company s Audit Committee; 
 enhancing the design of control activities to operate at a level of precision to identify all potentially material errors, and training control owners to improve required retention of documentation evidencing their operation; 
 designing and implementing controls that review, approve, and periodically re-evaluate the user access privileges for all system users and the business purpose for allowing access for each authorized user to address segregation of duties; 
 designing and implementing controls that require review and approval of changes to key financial information technology systems and reports utilized in the performance of internal controls used in financial reporting; and 
 investing in training and hiring personnel with appropriate expertise to plan and perform more timely and thorough monitoring activities for internal controls over financial reporting. 
 Changes in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 Except for the identification of the material weaknesses described above and related remediation efforts to date, there have been no changes in the Company s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the quarter ended December 31, 2022, that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, the Company s internal control over financial reporting. 
 122 

Table of Contents 

 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 
 To the Shareholders and the Board of Directors of 
 Funko, Inc. 
 Opinion on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 We have audited Funko, Inc. and subsidiaries internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commissions (2013 framework) (the COSO criteria). In our opinion, because of the effect of the material weaknesses described below on the achievement of the objectives of the control criteria, Funko, Inc. and subsidiaries (the Company) has not maintained effective internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on the COSO criteria. 
 A material weakness is a deficiency, or combination of deficiencies, in internal control over financial reporting, such that there is a reasonable possibility that a material misstatement of the company s annual or interim financial statements will not be prevented or detected on a timely basis. The following material weaknesses have been identified and included in management s assessment. Management has identified material weaknesses related to the risk assessment; control activities; information and communication; and monitoring components of the COSO criteria. 
 We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the consolidated balance sheets of the Company as of December 31, 2022, and 2021, the related consolidated statements of operations, comprehensive (loss) income, stockholders equity and cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022, and the related notes and financial statement schedule listed in the Index at Item 15(a)(2) (collectively referred to as the consolidated financial statements . These material weaknesses were considered in determining the nature, timing, and extent of audit tests applied in our audit of the 2022 consolidated financial statements, and this report does not affect our report dated March 1, 2023, which expressed an unqualified opinion thereon. 
 Basis for Opinion 
 The Company s management is responsible for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting included in the accompanying Management's Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s internal control over financial reporting based on our audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. 
 Our audit included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk, and performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 123 

Table of Contents 

 Definition and Limitations of Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 A company s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 
 Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 
 /s/ Ernst Young LLP 
 
 Seattle, Washington 
 March 1, 2023 

Item 9B. OTHER INFORMATION 
 Appointment of Chief Financial Officer and Chief Operating Officer 
 On February 27, 2023, the Board appointed Steve Nave as Chief Financial Officer CFO and Chief Operating Officer COO of the Company, effective immediately (the Effective Date ). As previously disclosed, the Company had been undertaking a search for the Company s next Chief Financial Officer. Mr. Nave succeeded Scott Yessner, the Company s Interim Chief Financial Officer, as principal financial officer and principal accounting officer of the Company as of the Effective Date. Mr. Nave will also serve as the Company s principal operating officer. Mr. Nave s biography appears under Information about our Executive Officers and Board of Directors at the end of Part I, Item 1, Business herein and is incorporated herein by reference. 
 In connection with Mr. Nave s appointment, the Company entered into an employment agreement with Mr. Nave (the Employment Agreement ), effective as of February 27, 2023. Pursuant to the Employment Agreement, Mr. Nave will be entitled to receive an annual base salary of 750,000. Mr. Nave will also be eligible for an annual performance-based bonus ranging from 0 of his annual base salary to a maximum payout level established by the Board in its discretion of up to 150 of his annual base salary, with a target bonus opportunity of 75 of his annual base salary. In the event of a qualifying termination, Mr. Nave will be entitled to receive certain severance benefits under the Employment Agreement, subject his execution and non-revocation of a release of claims. 
 Under the Employment Agreement, Mr. Nave will be subject to a twelve-month post-termination non-compete covenant (or six months if Mr. Nave s employment is terminated without cause or for good reason (as defined in the Employment Agreement)), a twenty-four month post-termination non-solicit covenant and perpetual confidentiality and non-disparagement covenants. 
 124 

Table of Contents 

 In addition, the Company intends to grant Mr. Nave an initial equity award consisting of an option Option to purchase 58,600 shares of the Company s Class A common stock, 23,438 performance stock units PSUs and 46,875 restricted stock units RSUs under the Company s 2019 Incentive Award Plan and customary forms of award agreement. The stock option award shall vest with respect to 25 of such shares underlying the option on the one-year anniversary of the vesting commencement date with the remaining 75 of such stock options vesting in thirty-six equal and cumulative installments on each monthly anniversary thereafter. The performance stock unit award shall be eligible to be earned and vest consistent with the performance criteria established for performance stock unit awards granted to the Company s other executive officers. The restricted stock unit award shall vest with respect to 25 of such restricted stock units on each of the first four anniversaries of the vesting commencement date. 
 The foregoing description of the Employment Agreement does not purport to be complete and is qualified in its entirety by reference to the actual Employment Agreement, a copy of which is attached hereto as Exhibit 10.35 and incorporated herein by reference. 
 Amendment to Credit Agreement 
 On February 28, 2023, Funko Acquisition Holdings, L.L.C., a Delaware limited liability company and certain of its material domestic subsidiaries entered into Amendment No. 3 (the Third Amendment to the New Credit Agreement. The Third Amendment amended and modified the New Credit Agreement to, among other things, (i) modify the financial covenants under the New Credit Agreement for the period beginning on the date of the Third Amendment through the fiscal quarter ending December 31, 2023 (the Waiver Period ), (ii) reduce the size of the New Revolving Credit Facility from 215.0 million to 180.0 million as of the date of the Third Amendment and thereafter to 150.0 million on December 31, 2023, which reduction shall be permanent after the Waiver Period, (iii) restrict the ability to draw on the New Revolving Credit Facility during the Waiver Period in excess of the amount outstanding on the date of the Third Amendment, (iv) increase the margin payable under the Credit Facilities during the Waiver Period to (a) 4.00 per annum with respect to any Term Benchmark Loan or RFR Loan (as defined in the New Credit Agreement), and (b) 3.00 per annum with respect to any Canadian Prime Loan or ABR Loan (as defined in the New Credit Agreement), (iv) allow that any calculation of Consolidated EBITDA (as defined in the New Credit Agreement) that includes the fiscal quarters during the Waiver Period may include certain agreed upon amounts for certain addbacks, (v) further limit our ability to make certain restricted payments, including the ability to pay dividends or make other distributions on equity interests, or redeem, repurchase or retire equity interests, incur additional indebtedness, incur additional liens, enter into sale and leaseback transactions or issue additional equity interests or securities convertible into or exchange for equity interests (other than the issuance of common stock) during the Waiver Period, (vi) require a minimum cash requirement of at least 10.0 million and (vii) require a mandatory prepayment of the New Revolving Credit Facility during the Waiver Period with any cash proceeds in excess of 25.0 million. 
 Following the Waiver Period, beginning in the fiscal quarter ended March 31, 2024, the Third Amendment resets the maximum Net Leverage Ratio and the minimum Fixed Charge Coverage Ratio that must be maintained by the Credit Agreement Parties to 2.50:1.00 and 1.25:1.00, respectively, which were the ratios in effect under the New Credit Agreement prior to the Third Amendment. 
 Capitalized terms used herein and not otherwise defined are as defined in the Third Amendment. This description of the Third Amendment does not purport to be complete, and is subject to and qualified in its entirety by reference to the full text of the Third Amendment, which is filed as Exhibit 10.23 to this Annual Report on Form 10-K and incorporated herein by reference. 

Item 9C. DISCLOSURE REGARDING FOREIGN JURISDICTION THAT PREVENT INSPECTIONS 
 Not applicable. 
 125 

Table of Contents 

 PART III 
 
 ITEM 10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 
 Code of Ethics 
 Our Code of Business Conduct and Ethics (the Code of Conduct applies to all of our officers, directors and employees, including our principal executive officer, principal financial officer and principal accounting officer. The Code of Conduct is publicly available on our Internet website at www.funko.com. We intend to satisfy the disclosure required by law or Nasdaq Stock Market listing standards regarding any amendment to, or waiver from, a provision of the Code of Conduct by posting such information on our website at www.funko.com. 
 Executive Officers and Directors 
 Pursuant to General Instruction G(3) to Form 10-K and Instruction 3 to Item 401(b) of Regulation S-K, information regarding our executive officers and directors is provided in Item 1 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K under the caption Information about our Executive Officers and Board of Directors, and will also appear in our definitive proxy statement for our 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders. The remaining information required by Items 401, 405, 406 and 407(c)(3), (d)(4) and (d)(5) of Regulation S-K will be included under the headings Election of Directors, Corporate Governance, and Delinquent Section 16(a) Reports (if applicable) in our definitive proxy statement for our 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders, and such required information is incorporated herein by reference. 
 
 ITEM 11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 
 The information required by Items 402, 407(e)(4), and (e)(5) of Regulation S-K will be included under the headings Executive Compensation and Compensation Committee Interlocks and Insider Participation (if applicable) in our definitive proxy statement for our 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders, and such information is incorporated herein by reference. 
 
 ITEM 12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS 
 Securities Authorized for Issuance Under Equity Compensation Plans (as of December 31, 2022) Plan category: Number of Securities to be Issued Upon Exercise of Outstanding Options, Warrants, and Rights Weighted-Average Exercise Price of Outstanding Options, Warrants, and Rights Number of Securities Available for Future Issuance Under Equity Compensation Plans (Excludes Securities Reflected in First Column) Equity compensation plans approved by security holders 1,129,784 (1) 
 Stock Options 3,860,459 15.40 Restricted Stock Units 2,718,548 Performance Stock Units 67,481 Equity compensation plans not approved by security holders Total 6,646,488 15.40 1,129,784 
 (1) Includes 104,984 shares of Class A common stock available for issuance under our 2017 Incentive Award Plan and 1,024,800 shares of Class A common stock available for issuance under our 2019 Incentive Award Plan. The number of shares authorized under our 2019 Incentive Award Plan will increase on the first day of each calendar year beginning on January 1, 2020 and ending on and including January 1, 2029, equal to the lesser of (A) 2 of the shares of Class A Common Stock outstanding as of the last day of the immediately preceding fiscal year on a fully-diluted basis and (B) such lesser number of shares of Class A common stock as determined by our Board of Directors. 
 126 

Table of Contents 

 Other 
 The remaining information required by Item 403 of Regulation S-K will be included under the heading Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management in our definitive proxy statement for our 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders, and such required information is incorporated herein by reference. 
 
 ITEM 13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 
 The information required by Items 404 and 407(a) of Regulation S-K will be included under the headings Certain Relationships and Related Person Transactions, Corporate Governance and Director Independence in our definitive proxy statement for our 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders, and such information is incorporated herein by reference. 
 
 ITEM 14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTANT FEES AND SERVICES 
 The information required by Item 9(e) of Schedule 14A of the Exchange Act will be included under the heading Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm Fees and Other Matters in our definitive proxy statement for our 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders, and such information is incorporated herein by reference. 
 127 

Table of Contents 

 PART IV 
 
 ITEM 15. EXHIBITS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES 
 (a) Documents filed as part of this report: 
 1. Financial Statements 
 The consolidated financial statements of the Company are listed in the index under Part II, Item 8, of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 2. Financial Statement Schedules 
 Schedule I: Condensed Financial Information of Registrant 
 All other schedules are omitted because they are not applicable, not required or the required information is shown in the consolidated financial statements or notes thereto. 
 3. List of Exhibits 
 EXHIBIT INDEX Exhibit 
 Number 
 Exhibit Description 
 Incorporated by Reference 
 Form 
 File No. 
 Exhibit 
 Filing 
 Date 
 Filed/ 
 Furnished 
 Herewith 
 3.1 Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of Funko, Inc. 
 S-8 
 333-221390 
 4.1 11/7/2017 
 3.2 Amended and Restated Bylaws of Funko, Inc. 
 S-8 
 333-221390 
 4.2 11/7/2017 
 4.1 Specimen Stock Certificate evidencing the shares of Class A common stock 
 S-1/A 333-220856 
 4.1 10/23/2017 
 4.2 Description of Securities 
 10-K 
 001-38274 
 4.2 3/5/2020 10.1 
 Funko Acquisition Holdings, L.L.C. 2015 Option Plan, Amended and Restated as of November 1, 2017. 
 10-K 
 001-38274 
 10.1 3/19/2018 
 10.2 
 Form of Option Agreement under Funko Acquisition Holdings, L.L.C. 2015 Option Plan. 
 S-1 
 333-220856 
 10.15 10/6/2017 
 10.3 
 2017 Incentive Award Plan, dated October 23, 2017. 
 10-K 
 001-38274 
 10.3 3/19/2018 
 10.4 
 Form of Stock Option Agreement under 2017 Incentive Award Plan. 
 S-1/A 
 333-220856 
 10.19 10/23/2017 
 10.5 
 2017 Executive Annual Incentive Plan, dated October 23, 2017. 
 10-K 
 001-38274 
 10.5 3/19/2018 
 10.6 
 E mployment Agreement, dated January 3, 2022, between the Company and Brian Mariotti. 
 8-K 001-38274 10.2 1/7/2022 10.7 
 Amendment to Employment Agreement, by and between the Company and Brian Mariotti, dated December 5, 2022. 
 8-K 001-38274 10.3 12/9/2022 10.8 
 Employment Agreement, dated October 20, 2017, by and between Funko, Inc. and Tracy Daw. 
 10-K 001-38274 10.10 3/19/2018 10.9 
 Amended and Restated Employment Agreement, dated January 3, 2022, between the Company and Andrew Perlmutter. 
 8-K 001-38274 10.1 1/7/2022 
 128 

Table of Contents 

 Exhibit 
 Number 
 Exhibit Description 
 Incorporated by Reference 
 Form 
 File No. 
 Exhibit 
 Filing 
 Date 
 Filed/ 
 Furnished 
 Herewith 
 10.10 
 Amendment to Amended and Restated Employment Agreement, by and between the Company and Andrew Perlmutter, dated as of December 5, 2022. 
 8-K 001-38274 10.2 12/9/2022 10.11 
 Form of Indemnification Agreement for Directors and Officers. 
 S-1/A 333-220856 10.27 10/12/2017 10.12 
 Form of Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement under 2017 Incentive Award Plan 
 10-Q 001-38274 10.1 8/10/2018 10.13 
 Non-Employee Director Compensation Policy, dated August 22, 2022. 
 10-Q 001-38274 10.2 11/3/2022 10.14 Tax Receivable Agreement, dated as of November 1, 2017, between Funko, Inc., Funko Acquisition Holdings, L.L.C., the Members of the LLC, and Tax Receivable Agreement, dated as of November 1, 2017, between Funko, Inc., Funko Acquisition Holdings, L.L.C., the Members of the LLC, and the Management Representative. Management Representative. 
 10-K 001-38274 10.25 3/19/2018 10.15 Stockholders Agreement, dated as of May 3, 2022, between the Company and TCG 3.0 Fuji, LP 
 10-Q 001-38274 10.2 5/5/2022 10.16 Second Amended and Restated LLC Agreement of Funko Acquisition Holdings, L.L.C., dated as of November 1, 2017. 
 10-K 001-38274 10.27 3/19/2018 10.17 Amendment No. 1 to Second Amended and Restated Limited Liability Company Agreement of Funko Acquisition Holdings L.L.C., dated as of May 10, 2018. 
 10-Q 001-38274 10.2 5/11/2018 10.18 Registration Rights Agreement, dated as of November 1, 2017, between Funko, Inc., ACON Funko Investors, L.L.C. and related entities, Fundamental Capital, LLC, Funko International, LLC, Brian Mariotti, Tracy Daw, The Jon P. and Trishawn P. Kipp Children s Trust uad 5/31/14, Russell Nickel, and Andrew Perlmutter. 
 10-K 001-38724 10.28 3/19/2018 10.19 Registration Rights Agreement Joinder and Amendment, dated May 3, 2022, between TCG 3.0 Fuji, LP and the Company. 
 10-Q 001-38724 10.3 5/5/2022 10.20 Credit Agreement dated September 17, 2021, among Funko Acquisition Holdings, L.L.C., Funko Holdings LLC, Funko, LLC, Loungefly, LLC and Funko Games, LLC, JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as Administrative Agent, and each other financial institution from time to time party thereto. 
 8-K 001-38274 10.1 9/22/2021 10.21 Amendment No. 1, dated as of April 26, 2022, to Credit Agreement by and between Funko Acquisition Holdings, L.L.C., subsidiary borrowers party thereto, lenders party thereto and JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. as administrative agent. 
 10-Q 001-38274 10.1 5/5/2022 
 129 

Table of Contents 

 Exhibit 
 Number 
 Exhibit Description 
 Incorporated by Reference 
 Form 
 File No. 
 Exhibit 
 Filing 
 Date 
 Filed/ 
 Furnished 
 Herewith 
 10.22 Amendment No. 2, dated as of July 29, 2022, to Credit Agreement by and between Funko Acquisition Holdings, L.L.C., subsidiary borrowers party thereto, lenders party thereto and JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. as administrative agent. 
 10-Q 001-38274 10.6 8/4/2022 10.23 Amendment No. 3, dated as of February 28, 2023, to Credit Agreement by and between Funko Acquisition Holdings, L.L.C., subsidiary borrowers party thereto, lenders party thereto and JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. as administrative agent . 
 10.24 Transition and Release of Claims Agreements, by and between the Company and Jennifer Fall Jung, dated as of December 5, 2022. 
 8-K 001-38274 10.4 12/9/2022 10.25 Funko, Inc. 2019 Incentive Award Plan. 
 8-K 001-38274 10.1 6/27/2019 10.26 Form of Option Award Agreement under the Funko, Inc. 2019 Incentive Award Plan. 
 10-Q 001-38274 10.1 8/5/2021 10.27 Form of Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement under the Funko, Inc. 2019 Incentive Award Plan. 
 10-Q 001-38274 10.2 8/5/2021 10.28 Form of Director Option Award Agreement under the Funko, Inc. 2019 Incentive Award Plan. 
 10-Q 001-38274 10.3 8/5/2021 10.29 Form of Director Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement under the Funko, Inc. 2019 Incentive Award Plan. 
 10-Q 001-38274 10.4 8/5/2021 10.30 Form of Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement for U.K. Employees under the Funko, Inc. 2019 Incentive Award Plan. 
 10-Q 001-38274 10.4 8/4/2022 10.31 Form of Option Award Agreement for U.K. Employees under the Funko, Inc. 2019 Incentive Award Plan. 
 10-Q 001-38274 10.5 8/4/2022 10.32 Tatum Services Agreement, by and between Funko, LLC and Ranstad Professionals US, LLC d/b/a Tatum, dated as of November 22, 2022. 
 8-K 001-38274 10.1 12/9/2022 10.33 Form of Performance Stock Unit Award Agreement under the Funko, Inc. 2019 Incentive Award Plan 
 10.34 Form of Performance Stock Unit Award Agreement for UK Employees under the Funko, Inc. 2019 Incentive Award Plan 
 10.35 Employment Agreement, by and between the Company and Steve Nave, dated February 27, 2023. 
 21.1 List of Subsidiaries 
 23.1 Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 31.1 Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Rules 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. 
 
 130 

Table of Contents 

 Exhibit 
 Number 
 Exhibit Description 
 Incorporated by Reference 
 Form 
 File No. 
 Exhibit 
 Filing 
 Date 
 Filed/ 
 Furnished 
 Herewith 
 31.2 Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Rules 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. 
 32.1 Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 32.2 Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 101.INS Inline XBRL Instance Document - the instance document does not appear in the Interactive Data File because its XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document. 
 101.SCH Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document. 101.CAL Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document. 101.DEF Inline XBRL Taxonomy Definition Linkbase Document. 101.LAB Inline XBRL Taxonomy Label Linkbase Document. 101.PRE Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document. 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101) 
 Filed herewith 
 Furnished herewith 
 Submitted electronically herewith 
 Management contract or compensation plan or arrangement 
 
 ITEM 16. FORM 10-K SUMMARY 
 None. 
 131 

Table of Contents 

 SIGNATURES 
 Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized. FUNKO, INC.(Registrant) Date: March 1, 2023 By: /s/ Steve Nave Chief Financial Officer and Chief Operating Officer (Principal Financial Officer) 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of Registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. Signature Title Date /s/ Brian Mariotti Chief Executive Officer and Director (Principal Executive Officer) March 1, 2023 Brian Mariotti /s/ Steve Nave Chief Financial Officer and Chief Operating Officer (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) March 1, 2023 Steve Nave /s/ Andrew Perlmutter 
 
 President and Director March 1, 2023 Andrew Perlmutter /s/ Charles Denson Chairman of the Board March 1, 2023 Charles Denson /s/ Diane Irvine Director March 1, 2023 Diane Irvine /s/ Sarah Kirshbaum Levy Director March 1, 2023 Sarah Kirshbaum Levy /s/ Michael Lunsford Director March 1, 2023 Michael Lunsford /s/ Jesse Jacobs Director March 1, 2023 Jesse Jacobs /s/ Richard Paul Director March 1, 2023 Richard Paul /s/ Trevor Edwards Director March 1, 2023 Trevor Edwards 
 
 132 

<EX-10.23>
 2
 ex-10232022.htm
 EX-10.23

Document 

EXECUTION COPY 
 AMENDMENT NO. 3 
 Dated as of February 28, 2023 
 to 
 CREDIT AGREEMENT 
 Dated as of September 17, 2021 
 THIS AMENDMENT NO. 3 (this Amendment is made as of February 28, 2023 by and among Funko Acquisition Holdings, L.L.C., a Delaware limited liability company (the Company ), the Subsidiary Borrowers party hereto (the Subsidiary Borrowers and, together with the Company, the Borrowers and each, a Borrower ), the Lenders party hereto and JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as administrative agent (in such capacity, the Administrative Agent ), under that certain Credit Agreement dated as of September 17, 2021 by and among the Borrowers from time to time party thereto, the Lenders from time to time party thereto and the Administrative Agent (as further amended, restated, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time prior to the date hereof, the Existing Credit Agreement the Existing Credit Agreement as amended by this Amendment, the Amended Credit Agreement ). Capitalized terms used herein and not otherwise defined herein shall have the respective meanings given to them in the Amended Credit Agreement. 
 
 WHEREAS, the Borrowers have requested that certain terms of the Existing Credit Agreement be modified and 
 
 WHEREAS, the Borrowers, the Lenders party hereto and the Administrative Agent have so agreed on the terms and conditions set forth herein 
 
 NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the premises set forth above, the terms and conditions contained herein, and other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, the Borrowers, each of the Lenders party hereto and the Administrative Agent hereby agree to enter into this Amendment. 
 
 1. Amendment to the Existing Credit Agreement. 
 
 (a) Effective as of the Amendment No. 3 Effective Date (as defined below), (i) the Existing Credit Agreement (excluding the Schedules and Exhibits thereto, other than Schedule 2.01) is hereby amended by deleting the stricken text (indicated textually in the same manner as the following stricken text and by inserting the double-underlined text (indicated textually in the same manner as the following double-underlined text as set forth in the pages of the Amended Credit Agreement attached hereto as Annex I and (ii) Exhibit K to the Existing Credit Agreement is hereby amended to reflect the applicable terms of the Amended Credit Agreement. 
 
 (b) The parties hereto acknowledge and agree that, effective as of the Amendment No. 3 Effective Date, the Company hereby agrees to reduce the aggregate Revolving Commitments under the Amended Credit Agreement to 180,000,000, which reduction shall be made ratably among the Revolving Lenders in accordance with the Existing Credit Agreement provided that the parties hereto hereby waive any prior notice requirements under the Existing Credit Agreement in connection with the foregoing. 
 
 2. Conditions of Effectiveness. This Amendment will be effective as of February 28, 2023 (the Amendment No. 3 Effective Date upon the satisfaction of the following conditions precedent 
 752344880.6 

(a) The Administrative Agent shall have received counterparts of this Amendment duly executed by the Borrowers, the Administrative Agent and the Lenders party hereto, which, for the avoidance of doubt, comprise the Required Lenders. 
 (b) No Default or Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing or result after giving effect to this Amendment. 
 (c) The representations and warranties made by each Borrower in the Amended Credit Agreement and in the other Loan Documents are true and correct in all material respects (except that such materiality qualifier shall not be applicable to any representations or warranties that already are qualified or modified as to materiality or Material Adverse Effect in the text thereof, which representations and warranties shall be true and correct in all respects subject to such qualification) with the same force and effect as if made on and as of the Amendment No. 3 Effective Date (except to the extent any such representation or warranty expressly relates only to any earlier and or specified date) (in which case such representation or warranty shall be true and correct in all material respects on and as of such earlier date (except that such materiality qualifier shall not be applicable to any representations or warranties that already are qualified or modified as to materiality or Material Adverse Effect in the text thereof, which representations and warranties shall be true and correct in all respects subject to such qualification)). 
 (d) The Administrative Agent and the Lenders shall have received a 13-week cash flow forecast covering the Company and its Subsidiaries on a consolidated basis, which cash flow forecast shall include anticipated use of Qualified Cash and proceeds of the Loans for each week during such period, all in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent. 
 (e) The Administrative Agent shall have received (i) for the account of each Lender delivering its executed signature page to this Amendment by such time and date specified by the Administrative Agent, consent fees in such amounts as separately agreed between the Company and the Administrative Agent, and (ii) for its own account, payment of the Administrative Agent s fees and reasonable out-of-pocket expenses (including reasonable out-of-pocket fees and expenses of one counsel for the Administrative Agent to the extent invoiced one (1) Business Day prior to the Amendment No. 3 Effective Date) required to be paid on the Amendment No. 3 Effective Date in connection with this Amendment. 
 3. Representations and Warranties of the Borrowers. Each Borrower hereby represents and warrants as follows 
 (a) This Amendment and the Amended Credit Agreement constitute legal, valid and binding obligations of such Borrower and, in the case of the Amended Credit Agreement, the other Loan Parties party thereto, enforceable in accordance with their respective terms, except as such enforceability may be limited by bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium or other laws affecting creditors rights generally and subject to general principles of equity, regardless of whether considered in a proceeding in equity or at law. 
 (b) As of the date hereof and after giving effect to the terms of this Amendment, (i) no Default or Event of Default has occurred and is continuing or would result therefrom and (ii) the representations and warranties made by each Borrower in the Amended Credit Agreement and in the other Loan Documents are true and correct in all material respects (except that such materiality qualifier shall not be applicable to any representations or warranties that already are qualified or modified as to materiality or Material Adverse Effect in the text thereof, which representations and warranties shall be true and correct in all respects subject to such qualification) with the same force and effect as if made on and as of the date hereof (except to the extent any such representation or warranty expressly relates only to any earlier and or specified date) (in which case such representation or warranty shall be true and correct in all material respects on and as of such earlier date (except that such materiality qualifier shall not be applicable to any representations or warranties that already are qualified or modified as to materiality or Material Adverse Effect in the text thereof, which representations and warranties shall be true and correct in all respects subject to such qualification)). 
 
 2 

4. Post-Closing Obligations. The Borrowers hereby covenant and agree to do the following (it being understood and agreed that any failure to perform any of the following shall constitute a Default or Event of Default, as applicable, in accordance with Section 7.01(e)(iii) of the Amended Credit Agreement) 
 (a) Not later than five (5) Business Days following the Amendment No. 3 Effective Date (or such later date as agreed by the Administrative Agent in its sole discretion), the Company shall deliver to the Administrative Agent 
 (i) a schedule setting forth a reasonably detailed description of all outstanding Indebtedness of the Company and its Subsidiaries as of the Amendment No. 3 Effective Date, which schedule (A) shall include the outstanding principal amount of all such Indebtedness and specify the applicable provision under Section 6.01 of the Amended Credit Agreement upon which the Company and its Subsidiaries relied to incur such Indebtedness and (B) shall be in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent (it being understood and agreed that any Indebtedness reflected in the audited consolidated financial statements of the Company filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission of the United States on the Amendment No. 3 Effective Date shall be satisfactory) and 
 (ii) a schedule listing each Subsidiary that constitutes an Excluded Subsidiary as of the Amendment No. 3 Effective Date and the clause from the definition of Excluded Subsidiary pursuant to which such Subsidiary constitutes an Excluded Subsidiary. 
 (b) Not later than thirty (30) days following the Amendment No. 3 Effective Date (or such later date as agreed by the Administrative Agent in its sole discretion), the Company shall deliver to the Administrative Agent a countersigned engagement letter, in form and substance reasonably acceptable to Administrative Agent, providing for the retention by the Company of an operational consultant for purposes of providing advice to the Company and its Subsidiaries with respect to the implementation of a whole warehouse management system, the development and implementation of target operating and service delivery models, and execution of cost reduction programs and optimization of business processes for the Company and its Subsidiaries. Each of the Borrowers shall cooperate with such consultant and make management of the Company available to such consultant upon the reasonable request of the Administrative Agent and or such consultant, including, to the extent requested by the Administrative Agent or the Required Lenders, arranging for a weekly call for Administrative Agent (which may be attended by the Lenders), such consultant and the Borrowers to discuss, generally, the operational performance and progress of the Company and its Subsidiaries. The Borrowers agree to pay all reasonable fees and expenses due and payable to such consultant promptly and in any event no later than three (3) Business Days after the receipt of summary invoices with respect thereto. The engagement letter for such consultant shall specifically provide, among other things, that (i) the Secured Parties shall be permitted to meet and speak directly with such consultant from time to time without the Company or any Subsidiary present at such meetings or a party to any such calls, (ii) such consultant is authorized and directed to deliver to the Administrative Agent (for delivery to the Lenders) all reports and analysis prepared by such consultant for the Company and its Subsidiaries and any other reports or analysis which the Administrative Agent or the Required Lenders may request from such consultant from time to time, and (iii) the Borrowers shall be required to pay all fees and expenses of such consultant. Each of the Borrowers agrees that the Administrative Agent and the Lenders shall be entitled to, and the Borrowers agree to take all reasonable efforts to facilitate the Administrative Agent s and Lenders efforts to, communicate with and receive any information regarding the Company and its Subsidiaries from such consultant, with or without notice to, or participation by, the Company or any Subsidiary in any such communication or disclosure of information. 
 5. Reference to and Effect on the Existing Credit Agreement. 
 (a) Upon the effectiveness hereof, each reference to the Existing Credit Agreement in the Existing Credit Agreement or any other Loan Document shall mean and be a reference to the Amended Credit Agreement. 
 
 3 

(b) On behalf of itself and each of the other Loan Parties, each Borrower hereby (i) agrees that this Amendment and the transactions contemplated hereby shall not limit or diminish the obligations of the Loan Parties arising under or pursuant to the Loan Documents to which each such Loan Party is a party, (ii) reaffirms all of the Loan Parties obligations under the Existing Credit Agreement and the other Loan Documents to which each such Loan Party is a party and (iii) acknowledges and agrees that the Existing Credit Agreement and each other Loan Document executed by each such Loan Party remains in full force and effect and is hereby reaffirmed, ratified and confirmed. 
 (c) The execution, delivery and effectiveness of this Amendment shall not operate as a waiver of any right, power or remedy of the Lenders or the Administrative Agent under the Existing Credit Agreement or any of the other Loan Documents, nor constitute a waiver of any provision of any of the Loan Documents or any other documents, instruments and agreements executed and or delivered in connection therewith. 
 (d) This Amendment is a Loan Document. 
 6. Governing Law. This Amendment shall be governed by and construed in accordance with and governed by the law of the State of New York. The parties hereto agree that provisions of Sections 9.09 and 9.10 of the Amended Credit Agreement are hereby incorporated by reference, mutatis mutandis . 
 7. Ratification. Except as expressly modified by this Amendment, all of the terms, provisions and conditions of the Existing Credit Agreement, as heretofore amended, shall remain unchanged and in full force and effect. Each Loan Party, as debtor, grantor, pledgor, guarantor, assignor, or in any other similar capacity in which such Person grants liens or security interests in its property or otherwise acts as accommodation party or guarantor, as the case may be, hereby (i) ratifies and reaffirms all of its payment and performance obligations, contingent or otherwise, under the Existing Credit Agreement and each other Loan Document to which it is a party (after giving effect hereto) and (ii) to the extent such Person granted liens on or security interests in any of its property pursuant to any Loan Documents as security for or otherwise guaranteed the Obligations under or with respect to the Loan Documents, ratifies and reaffirms such guarantee and grant of security interests and liens and confirms and agrees that such security interests and liens hereafter secure all of the Obligations as amended hereby. This Amendment shall not constitute a course of dealing with the Lender at variance with the Existing Credit Agreement or the other Loan Documents such as to require further notice by such Person to require strict compliance with the terms of the Existing Credit Agreement and the other Loan Documents in the future. 
 8. Headings. Section headings in this Amendment are included herein for convenience of reference only and shall not constitute a part of this Amendment for any other purpose. 
 9. Counterparts. This Amendment may be executed by one or more of the parties hereto on any number of separate counterparts, and all of said counterparts taken together shall be deemed to constitute one and the same instrument. Delivery of an executed counterpart of a signature page of this Amendment that is an Electronic Signature transmitted by telecopy, emailed pdf. or any other electronic means that reproduces an image of an actual executed signature page shall be effective as delivery of a manually executed counterpart of this Amendment. The words execution, signed, signature, delivery, and words of like import in or relating to this Amendment shall be deemed to include Electronic Signatures, deliveries or the keeping of records in any electronic form (including deliveries by telecopy, emailed pdf. or any other electronic means that reproduces an image of an actual executed signature page), each of which shall be of the same legal effect, validity or enforceability as a manually executed signature, physical delivery thereof or the use of a paper-based recordkeeping system, as the case may be provided, that, without limiting the foregoing, (i) to the extent the Administrative Agent has agreed to accept any Electronic Signature, the Administrative Agent and each of the Lenders shall be entitled to rely on such Electronic Signature purportedly given by or on behalf of any Borrower without further verification thereof and without any obligation to review the appearance or form of any such 
 
 4 

Electronic Signature, and (ii) upon the request of the Administrative Agent or any Lender, any Electronic Signature shall be promptly followed by a manually executed counterpart. 
 10. Release. The Borrowers, on their own behalf and on behalf of their respective Subsidiaries, hereby voluntarily and knowingly forever release, discharge, waive and relinquish any and all Liabilities and known causes of action of every kind and nature whatsoever, whether in law, in equity or before an administrative agency, direct or indirect, fixed or contingent, whether heretofore asserted or not, and whether arising based on a tort or breach of contractual or other duty, arising under or in connection with this Amendment, any other Loan Document or the transactions contemplated thereby, based on the acts or omissions of the Administrative Agent or any Lender and any such Person s past and present officers, directors, managers, employees, partners, agents, shareholders, members, trustees, predecessors, successors, and assigns (the Released Parties existing on or before the Amendment No. 3 Effective Date, that any Borrower or of its respective Subsidiaries ever had, have or may have against the Released Parties 
 Signature Pages Follow 
 
 5 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, this Amendment has been duly executed as of the day and year first above written. 
 
 FUNKO ACQUISITION HOLDINGS, L.L.C., 
 as a Borrower 

By s Tracy Daw ______________________________ Name Tracy Daw 
 Title Chief Legal Officer and Secretary 

FUNKO HOLDINGS LLC, 
 as a Borrower 

By s Tracy Daw ______________________________ Name Tracy Daw 
 Title Chief Legal Officer and Secretary 

FUNKO, LLC, 
 as a Borrower 

By s Tracy Daw ______________________________ Name Tracy Daw 
 Title Chief Legal Officer and Secretary 

LOUNGEFLY, LLC, 
 as a Borrower 

By s Tracy Daw ______________________________ Name Tracy Daw 
 Title Chief Legal Officer and Secretary 

FUNKO GAMES, LLC, 
 as a Borrower 

By s Tracy Daw ______________________________ Name Tracy Daw 
 Title Chief Legal Officer and Secretary 

Signature Page to Amendment No. 3 to 
 Credit Agreement dated as of September 17, 2021 
 Funko Acquisition Holdings, L.L.C., et al. 

JPMORGAN CHASE BANK, N.A., 
 individually as a Lender and as Administrative Agent 

By __ s Peter Christensen ______________________ 
 Name Peter Christensen 
 Title Executive Director 
 
 Signature Page to Amendment No. 3 to 
 Credit Agreement dated as of September 17, 2021 
 Funko Acquisition Holdings, L.L.C., et al. 

KEYBANK NATIONAL ASSOCIATION, as a Lender By s Matt Hill ___________________________ 
 Name Matt Hill Title Seattle Market President 
 
 Signature Page to Amendment No. 3 to 
 Credit Agreement dated as of September 17, 2021 
 Funko Acquisition Holdings, L.L.C., et al. 

PNC BANK, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION, as a Lender By s Janeann Fehrle 
 Name Janeann Fehrle Title Senior Vice President 
 
 Signature Page to Amendment No. 3 to 
 Credit Agreement dated as of September 17, 2021 
 Funko Acquisition Holdings, L.L.C., et al. 

CITIZENS BANK, N.A., as a Lender By s Earl Kwak ___________________________ 
 Name Earl Kwak Title Senior Vice President 
 
 Signature Page to Amendment No. 3 to 
 Credit Agreement dated as of September 17, 2021 
 Funko Acquisition Holdings, L.L.C., et al. 

MUFG UNION BANK, N.A., as a Lender By s Amber Koens 
 Name Amber Koens Title Director 
 
 Signature Page to Amendment No. 3 to 
 Credit Agreement dated as of September 17, 2021 
 Funko Acquisition Holdings, L.L.C., et al. 

U.S. BANK NATIONAL ASSOCIATION, as a Lender By s Ken Case ___________________________ 
 Name Ken Case Title SVP 
 
 Signature Page to Amendment No. 3 to 
 Credit Agreement dated as of September 17, 2021 
 Funko Acquisition Holdings, L.L.C., et al. 

HSBC BANK USA, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION, as a Lender By s Mark C. Gibbs __________________________ 
 Name Mark C. Gibbs Title Managing Director 
 
 Signature Page to Amendment No. 3 to 
 Credit Agreement dated as of September 17, 2021 
 Funko Acquisition Holdings, L.L.C., et al. 

GOLDMAN SACHS BANK USA, as a Lender By s Keshia Leday ___________________________ 
 Name Keshia Leday Title Authorized Signatory 
 
 Signature Page to Amendment No. 3 to 
 Credit Agreement dated as of September 17, 2021 
 Funko Acquisition Holdings, L.L.C., et al. 

WELLS FARGO BANK, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION, as a Lender By s Michael Kim ___________________________ 
 Name Michael Kim Title Managing Director 
 Signature Page to Amendment No. 3 to 
 Credit Agreement dated as of September 17, 2021 
 Funko Acquisition Holdings, L.L.C., et al. 

ANNEX I 
 
 Amended Credit Agreement 
 See Attached 

752344880.6 

ANNEX I 
 
 CREDIT AGREEMENT 
 dated as of 
 September 17, 2021, 
 as amended April 26, 2022, 
 as further amended July 29, 2022 , as further amended February 28, 2023 
 among 
 FUNKO ACQUISITION HOLDINGS, L.L.C., FUNKO HOLDINGS LLC, FUNKO, LLC, LOUNGEFLY, LLC, FUNKO GAMES, LLC and the other Borrowers Party Hereto 
 The Lenders Party Hereto 
 and 
 JPMORGAN CHASE BANK, N.A., as Administrative Agent 
 PNC BANK, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION, KEYBANK NATIONAL ASSOCIATION and 
 BANK OF THE WEST as Syndication Agents 
 and 
 CITIZENS BANK, N.A., BANK OF THE WEST and 
 HSBC BANK USA, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION, 
 as Co-Documentation Agents 
 JPMORGAN CHASE BANK, N.A., PNC CAPITAL MARKETS LLC and KEYBANK NATIONAL ASSOCIATION, as Joint Bookrunners and Joint Lead Arrangers 
 748452225.7 748452225.15 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 
 Page 

ARTICLE I Definitions 1 
 SECTION 1.01. Defined Terms 1 
 SECTION 1.02. Classification of Loans and Borrowings 51 
 SECTION 1.03. Terms Generally 51 
 SECTION 1.04. Accounting Terms GAAP Pro Forma Calculations 52 
 SECTION 1.05. Interest Rates Benchmark Notification 53 
 SECTION 1.06. Divisions 53 
 SECTION 1.07. Letter of Credit Amounts 53 
 SECTION 1.08. Exchange Rates Currency Equivalents. 54 
 SECTION 1.09. Limited Condition Transactions. 54 
 ARTICLE II The Credits 55 
 SECTION 2.01. Commitments 55 
 SECTION 2.02. Loans and Borrowings 55 
 SECTION 2.03. Requests for Borrowings 56 
 SECTION 2.04. Determination of Dollar Amounts 57 
 SECTION 2.05. Swingline Loans 57 
 SECTION 2.06. Letters of Credit 59 
 SECTION 2.07. Funding of Borrowings 64 
 SECTION 2.08. Interest Elections 65 
 SECTION 2.09. Termination and Reduction of Commitments 67 
 SECTION 2.10. Repayment and Amortization of Loans Evidence of Debt 67 
 SECTION 2.11. Prepayment of Loans 68 
 SECTION 2.12. Fees 70 
 SECTION 2.13. Interest 71 
 SECTION 2.14. Alternate Rate of Interest 72 
 SECTION 2.15. Increased Costs 76 
 SECTION 2.16. Break Funding Payments 77 
 SECTION 2.17. Taxes 78 
 SECTION 2.18. Payments Generally Allocations of Proceeds Pro Rata Treatment Sharing of Set-offs 81 
 SECTION 2.19. Mitigation Obligations Replacement of Lenders 83 
 SECTION 2.20. Expansion Option 84 
 SECTION 2.21. (Intentionally omitted) 86 
 SECTION 2.22. Judgment Currency 86 
 SECTION 2.23. Designation of Subsidiary Borrowers 86 
 SECTION 2.24. Defaulting Lenders 87 
 ARTICLE III Representations and Warranties 89 
 SECTION 3.01. Organization Powers Subsidiaries 89 
 SECTION 3.02. Authorization Enforceability 89 
 SECTION 3.03. Governmental Approvals No Conflicts 89 
 SECTION 3.04. Financial Condition No Material Adverse Change 90 
 SECTION 3.05. Properties 90 
 SECTION 3.06. Litigation and Environmental Matters 90 
 SECTION 3.07. Compliance with Laws and Agreements 91 
 SECTION 3.08. Investment Company Status 91 
 SECTION 3.09. Taxes 91 
 SECTION 3.10. ERISA 91 
 SECTION 3.11. Disclosure 91 
 SECTION 3.12. Federal Reserve Regulations 91 
 SECTION 3.13. Liens 91 
 SECTION 3.14. Reserved 91 
 SECTION 3.15. Anti-Corruption Laws and Sanctions 92 

Table of Contents 
 (continued) 
 Page 

SECTION 3.16. Insurance 92 
 SECTION 3.17. Security Interest in Collateral 92 
 SECTION 3.18. Use of Proceeds 92 
 SECTION 3.19. Solvency 92 
 SECTION 3.20. Affected Financial Institutions 92 
 SECTION 3.21. Plan Assets Prohibited Transactions 92 
 SECTION 3.22. Material Contracts 93 
 SECTION 3.23. Nature of Business. 93 
 ARTICLE IV Conditions 93 
 SECTION 4.01. Effective Date 93 
 SECTION 4.02. Each Other Credit Event 95 
 SECTION 4.03. Designation of a Subsidiary Borrower 96 
 ARTICLE V Affirmative Covenants 96 
 SECTION 5.01. Financial Statements and Other Information 96 
 SECTION 5.02. Notices of Material Events 98 
 SECTION 5.03. Existence Conduct of Business 99 
 SECTION 5.04. Payment of Obligations 99 
 SECTION 5.05. Maintenance of Properties Insurance 99 
 SECTION 5.06. Books and Records Inspection Rights 100 
 SECTION 5.07. Compliance with Laws 100 
 SECTION 5.08. Use of Proceeds 100 
 SECTION 5.09. Subsidiary Guaranty Pledges Additional Collateral Further Assurances 101 
 SECTION 5.10. Cash Management Accounts. 102 
 SECTION 5.11. Landlord Waivers 103 
 SECTION 5.12. Subordination of Intercompany Debt 103 
 SECTION 5.13. Lender Meetings 103 
 SECTION 5.14. Post-Closing Requirements 103 
 ARTICLE VI Negative Covenants 103 
 SECTION 6.01. Indebtedness 103 
 SECTION 6.02. Liens 106 
 SECTION 6.03. Fundamental Changes and Asset Sales 107 
 SECTION 6.04. Investments, Loans, Advances, Guarantees and Acquisitions 109 
 SECTION 6.05. Swap Agreements 111 
 SECTION 6.06. Restricted Payments 111 
 SECTION 6.07. Transactions with Affiliates 113 
 SECTION 6.08. Restrictive Agreements 114 
 SECTION 6.09. Sale and Leasebacks. 114 
 SECTION 6.10. Financial Covenants 114 
 SECTION 6.11. Payments of Indebtedness Modifications of Indebtedness, Organizational Documents and Certain Other Agreements Etc. 115 
 SECTION 6.12. Limitation on Issuance of Equity Interests 116 
 ARTICLE VII Events of Default 116 
 SECTION 7.01. Events of Default 116 
 SECTION 7.02. Application of Payments 119 
 ARTICLE VIII The Administrative Agent 120 
 SECTION 8.01. Authorization and Action 120 
 SECTION 8.02. Administrative Agent s Reliance, Limitation of Liability, Etc 122 
 SECTION 8.03. Posting of Communications 123 
 SECTION 8.04. The Administrative Agent Individually 125 
 ii 

Table of Contents 
 (continued) 
 Page 

SECTION 8.05. Successor Administrative Agent 125 
 SECTION 8.06. Acknowledgments of Lenders and Issuing Banks 126 
 SECTION 8.07. Collateral Matters 128 
 SECTION 8.08. Credit Bidding 128 
 SECTION 8.09. Reserved 129 
 SECTION 8.10. Flood Insurance Laws 129 
 ARTICLE IX Miscellaneous 129 
 SECTION 9.01. Notices 129 
 SECTION 9.02. Waivers Amendments 130 
 SECTION 9.03. Expenses Indemnity Damage Waiver 133 
 SECTION 9.04. Successors and Assigns 135 
 SECTION 9.05. Survival 140 
 SECTION 9.06. Counterparts Integration Effectiveness Electronic Execution 140 
 SECTION 9.07. Severability 141 
 SECTION 9.08. Right of Setoff 141 
 SECTION 9.09. Governing Law Jurisdiction Consent to Service of Process 142 
 SECTION 9.10. WAIVER OF JURY TRIAL 143 
 SECTION 9.11. Headings 143 
 SECTION 9.12. Confidentiality 143 
 SECTION 9.13. USA PATRIOT Act 144 
 SECTION 9.14. Interest Rate Limitation 145 
 SECTION 9.15. No Advisory or Fiduciary Responsibility 145 
 SECTION 9.16. Appointment for Perfection 145 
 SECTION 9.17. Releases of Subsidiary Guarantors 146 
 SECTION 9.18. Acknowledgment and Consent to Bail-In of Affected Financial Institutions 146 
 SECTION 9.19. Acknowledgment Regarding Any Supported QFCs 147 
 SECTION 9.20. Certain ERISA Matters 147 
 ARTICLE X Cross-Guarantee 148 
 
 iii 

Table of Contents 
 (continued) 
 Page 

SCHEDULES 
 Schedule 2.01 -- Commitments Schedule 3.01 -- Subsidiaries 
 Schedule 5.14 -- Post-Closing Requirements 
 Schedule 6.01 -- Existing Indebtedness Schedule 6.02 -- Existing Liens Schedule 6.04(b) -- Existing Investments Schedule 6.08 -- Existing Restrictions EXHIBITS 
 Exhibit A -- Form of Assignment and Assumption Exhibit B -- Form of Increasing Lender Supplement Exhibit C -- Form of Augmenting Lender Supplement Exhibit D -- List of Closing Documents Exhibit E-1 -- Form of Borrowing Subsidiary Agreement Exhibit E-2 -- Form of Borrowing Subsidiary Termination Exhibit F-1 -- Form of U.S. Tax Certificate (Foreign Lenders That Are Not Partnerships) Exhibit F-2 -- Form of U.S. Tax Certificate (Foreign Participants That Are Not Partnerships) Exhibit F-3 -- Form of U.S. Tax Certificate (Foreign Participants That Are Partnerships) Exhibit F-4 -- Form of U.S. Tax Certificate (Foreign Lenders That Are Partnerships) Exhibit G -- Form of Guaranty Exhibit H-1 -- Form of Borrowing Request Exhibit H-2 -- Form of Interest Election Request Exhibit I -- Form of Promissory Note Exhibit J -- Form of Solvency Certificate Exhibit K -- Form of Compliance Certificate 
 iv 

CREDIT AGREEMENT (this Agreement dated as of September 17, 2021, as amended April 26, 2022 and as further , as amended July 29, 2022 and as further amended February 28, 2023 , among FUNKO ACQUISITION HOLDINGS, L.L.C., the SUBSIDIARY BORROWERS from time to time party hereto, the LENDERS from time to time party hereto, JPMORGAN CHASE BANK, N.A., as Administrative Agent, PNC BANK, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION, KEYBANK NATIONAL ASSOCIATION and BANK OF THE WEST, as Syndication Agents, and CITIZENS BANK, N.A., BANK OF THE WEST and HSBC BANK USA, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION, as Co-Documentation Agents. 
 The parties hereto agree as follows 
 ARTICLE XI Definitions 
 SECTION 11.01. Defined Terms . As used in this Agreement, the following terms have the meanings specified below 
 ABR , when used in reference to any Loan or Borrowing, refers to such Loan, or the Loans comprising such Borrowing, bearing interest at a rate determined by reference to the Alternate Base Rate. All ABR Loans shall be denominated in Dollars. 
 Acquisition Holiday has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 6.10(a). 
 Adjusted Daily Simple RFR means, (i) with respect to any RFR Borrowing denominated in Sterling, an interest rate per annum equal to the Daily Simple RFR for Sterling, and (ii) with respect to any RFR Borrowing denominated in Dollars, an interest rate per annum equal to (a) the Daily Simple RFR for Dollars, plus (b) 0.10 provided that if the Adjusted Daily Simple RFR as so determined would be less than the Floor, such rate shall be deemed to be equal to the Floor for the purposes of this Agreement. 
 Adjusted EURIBOR Rate means, with respect to any Term Benchmark Borrowing denominated in euro for any Interest Period, an interest rate per annum equal to (a) the EURIBOR Rate for such Interest Period multiplied by (b) the Statutory Reserve Rate provided that if the Adjusted EURIBOR Rate as so determined would be less than the Floor, such rate shall be deemed to be equal to the Floor for the purposes of this Agreement. 
 Adjusted Term SOFR Rate means, with respect to any Term Benchmark Borrowing denominated in Dollars for any Interest Period, an interest rate per annum equal to (a) the Term SOFR Rate for such Interest Period, plus (b) 0.10 provided that if the Adjusted Term SOFR Rate as so determined would be less than the Floor, such rate shall be deemed to be equal to the Floor for the purposes of this Agreement. 
 Administrative Agent means JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. (including its branches and affiliates), in its capacity as administrative agent for the Lenders hereunder. 
 Administrative Questionnaire means an Administrative Questionnaire in a form supplied by the Administrative Agent. 
 Affected Financial Institution means (a) any EEA Financial Institution or (b) any UK Financial Institution. 
 Affiliate means, with respect to a specified Person, another Person that directly, or indirectly through one or more intermediaries, Controls or is Controlled by or is under common Control with the Person specified. 
 Agent Party has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 9.01(e). 

Agreed Currencies means (i) Dollars and (ii) each Foreign Currency. 
 Alternate Base Rate means, for any day, a rate per annum equal to the greatest of (a) the Prime Rate in effect on such day, (b) the NYFRB Rate in effect on such day plus of 1 and (c) the Adjusted Term SOFR Rate for a one month Interest Period as published two U.S. Government Securities Business Days prior to such day (or if such day is not a U.S. Government Securities Business Day, the immediately preceding U.S. Government Securities Business Day) plus 1 provided that for the purpose of this definition, the Adjusted Term SOFR Rate for any day shall be based on the Term SOFR Reference Rate at approximately 5 00 a.m. Chicago time on such day (or any amended publication time for the Term SOFR Reference Rate, as specified by the CME Term SOFR Administrator in the Term SOFR Reference Rate methodology). Any change in the Alternate Base Rate due to a change in the Prime Rate, the NYFRB Rate or the Adjusted Term SOFR Rate shall be effective from and including the effective date of such change in the Prime Rate, the NYFRB Rate or the Adjusted Term SOFR Rate, respectively. If the Alternate Base Rate is being used as an alternate rate of interest pursuant to Section 2.14 (for the avoidance of doubt, only until the Benchmark Replacement has been determined pursuant to Section 2.14(b)), then the Alternate Base Rate shall be the greater of clauses (a) and (b) above and shall be determined without reference to clause (c) above. For the avoidance of doubt, if the Alternate Base Rate as determined pursuant to the foregoing would be less than 1.00 , such rate shall be deemed to be 1.00 for purposes of this Agreement. 
 Amendment No. 1 Effective Date means April 26, 2022. 
 Amendment No. 2 Effective Date means July 29, 2022. 
 Amendment No. 3 means Amendment No. 3 to Credit Agreement, dated as of the Amendment No. 3 Effective Date, among the Borrowers, the Lenders party thereto and the Administrative Agent. 
 Amendment No. 3 Effective Date means February 28, 2023. 
 Amendment No. 3 Schedule means the schedule of Indebtedness delivered to the Administrative Agent pursuant to Section 4(a)(i) of Amendment No. 3 provided that, solely for purposes of determining compliance with Section 6.01 during the period commencing on the Amendment No. 3 Effective Date and ending on the date of delivery to the Administrative Agent of such schedule of Indebtedness in compliance with Section 4(a)(i) of Amendment No. 3, the Amendment No. 3 Schedule shall be deemed to include all Indebtedness of the Company and its Subsidiaries outstanding as of the Amendment No. 3 Effective Date. 
 Anti-Corruption Laws means all laws, rules, and regulations of any jurisdiction applicable to the Company or any of its Subsidiaries from time to time concerning or relating to bribery or corruption. 
 Anti-Money Laundering Laws means any and all laws, statutes, regulations or obligatory government orders, decrees, ordinances or rules related to terrorism financing, money laundering, any predicate crime to money laundering or any financial record keeping, including any applicable provision of the Patriot Act and The Currency and Foreign Transactions Reporting Act (also known as the Bank Secrecy Act, 31 U.S.C. 5311-5330 and 12 U.S.C. 1818(s), 1820(b) and 1951-1959). 
 Applicable EBITDA means, at any time, Consolidated EBITDA for the Company and its Subsidiaries on a consolidated basis in accordance with GAAP for the period of four consecutive fiscal quarters ended on or most recently prior to such date for which financial statements have been delivered to the Administrative Agent pursuant to Section 5.01(a) or (b) (or, if prior to the date of the delivery of the first financial statements to be delivered pursuant to Section 5.01(a) or (b), the most recent financial statements referred to in Section 3.04(a)). 
 Applicable Percentage means, with respect to any Lender, (a) with respect to Revolving Loans, LC Exposure or Swingline Loans, the percentage equal to a fraction the numerator of 

which is such Lender s Revolving Commitment and the denominator of which is the aggregate Revolving Commitments of all Revolving Lenders (if the Revolving Commitments have terminated or expired, the Applicable Percentages shall be determined based upon the Revolving Commitments most recently in effect, giving effect to any assignments), and (b) with respect to the Term Loans, a percentage equal to a fraction the numerator of which is such Lender s Term Loan Commitment (or, once the Term Loans have been drawn, the outstanding principal amount of the Term Loans) and the denominator of which is the aggregate of all Term Loan Commitments (or, once the Term Loans have been drawn, the aggregate outstanding principal amount of the Term Loans) of all Term Lenders provided that for each of the preceding clauses (a) and (b), in the case of Section 2.24 when a Defaulting Lender shall exist, any such Defaulting Lender s Commitments shall be disregarded in the applicable calculation. 
 Applicable Pledge Percentage means (a) 100 in the case of a pledge by any Loan Party of its Equity Interests in any Domestic Subsidiary (other than a FSHCO) and (b) 65 in the case of a pledge by any Loan Party of its Equity Interests in any First-Tier Foreign Subsidiary or FSHCO. 
 Applicable Rate means , 
 (a) for any day occurring during the Covenant Relief Period, a rate per annum equal to (i) 4.00 with respect to any Term Benchmark Loan or RFR Loan, (ii) 3.00 with respect to any Canadian Prime Loan or ABR Loan, and (iii) 0.30 with respect to the commitment fees payable hereunder and 
 (b) for any other day, with respect to any Term Benchmark Loan, any RFR Loan, any Canadian Prime Loan, any ABR Loan or the commitment fees payable hereunder, as the case may be, the applicable rate per annum set forth below under the caption Term Benchmark Spread , RFR Spread , Canadian Prime Spread , ABR Spread , or Commitment Fee Rate , as the case may be, based upon the Net Leverage Ratio applicable on such date 
 Net Leverage Ratio Commitment Fee Rate 
 Term Benchmark Spread and RFR Spread ABR Spread and Canadian Prime Spread Category 1 1.50 to 1.00 0.20 2.00 1.00 Category 2 1.50 to 1.00 
 but 
 2.25 to 1.00 
 0.25 2.25 1.25 Category 3 2.25 to 1.00 
 0.30 2.50 1.50 
 
 For purposes of the foregoing paragraph (b) , 
 i x if at any time the Company fails to deliver the Financials on or before the date the Financials are due pursuant to Section 5.01, Category 3 shall be deemed applicable for the period commencing five (5) Business Days after the required date of delivery and ending on the date which is five (5) Business Days after the Financials are actually delivered, after which the Category shall be determined in accordance with the table above as applicable 
 ii y adjustments, if any, to the Category then in effect shall be effective five (5) Business Days after the Administrative Agent has received the applicable Financials (it being understood and agreed that each change in Category shall apply during the period commencing on the effective date of such change and ending on the date immediately preceding the effective date of the next such change) and 

iii z notwithstanding the foregoing, Category 1 shall be deemed to be applicable until the Administrative Agent s receipt of the applicable Financials for the Company s fiscal quarter ending June 30, 2022 (provided that in the event such Financials demonstrate that Category 2 or 3 should have been applicable during such period, such other Category shall be deemed to be applicable during such period) and adjustments to the Category then in effect shall thereafter be effected in accordance with the preceding paragraphs. 
 If at any time the Administrative Agent determines that the financial statements upon which the Applicable Rate was determined were incorrect (whether based on a restatement, fraud or otherwise), the Company shall be required to retroactively pay any additional amount that the Company would have been required to pay if such financial statements had been accurate at the time they were delivered. 
 Applicable Time means, with respect to any Borrowings and payments in any Foreign Currency, the local time in the place of settlement for such Foreign Currency as may be determined by the Administrative Agent or the applicable Issuing Bank, as the case may be, to be necessary for timely settlement on the relevant date in accordance with normal banking procedures in the place of payment. 
 Approved Electronic Platform has the meaning assigned to it in Section 8.03(a). 
 Approved Fund has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 9.04(b). 
 
 Assignment and Assumption means an assignment and assumption agreement entered into by a Lender and an assignee (with the consent of any party whose consent is required by Section 9.04), and accepted by the Administrative Agent, in the form of Exhibit A or any other form (including electronic records generated by the use of an electronic platform) approved by the Administrative Agent. 
 Attributable Receivables Indebtedness means, at any time, the principal amount of Indebtedness which (i) if a Permitted Receivables Facility is structured as a lending agreement or other similar agreement, constitutes the principal amount of such Indebtedness or (ii) if a Permitted Receivables Facility is structured as a purchase agreement or other similar agreement, would be outstanding at such time under the Permitted Receivables Facility if the same were structured as a lending agreement rather than a purchase agreement or such other similar agreement (whether such amount is described as capital or otherwise). 
 Augmenting Lender has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 2.20. 
 Available Equity Proceeds means the cumulative net cash proceeds of any issuances of Qualified Equity Interests after the Effective Date, as such amount may be reduced to reflect application pursuant to clause (i) of the definition of Capital Expenditures. 
 Available Revolving Commitment means, at any time with respect to any Lender, the Revolving Commitment of such Lender then in effect minus the Revolving Credit Exposure of such Lender at such time it being understood and agreed that any Lender s Swingline Exposure shall not be deemed to be a component of the Revolving Credit Exposure for purposes of calculating the commitment fee under Section 2.12(a). 
 Availability Period means the period from and including the Effective Date to but excluding the earlier of the Maturity Date and the date of termination of the Revolving Commitments. 
 Available Tenor means, as of any date of determination and with respect to the then-current Benchmark for any Agreed Currency, as applicable, any tenor for such Benchmark (or component thereof) or payment period for interest calculated with reference to such Benchmark (or component thereof), as applicable, that is or may be used for determining the length of an Interest Period for any term rate or otherwise, for determining any frequency of making payments of interest calculated pursuant to this Agreement as of such date and not including, for the avoidance of doubt, any tenor for such Benchmark that is then-removed from the definition of Interest Period pursuant to clause (e) of Section 2.14. 

Bail-In Action means the exercise of any Write-Down and Conversion Powers by the applicable Resolution Authority in respect of any liability of an Affected Financial Institution. 
 Bail-In Legislation means (a) with respect to any EEA Member Country implementing Article 55 of Directive 2014 59 EU of the European Parliament and of the Council of the European Union, the implementing law, regulation rule or requirement for such EEA Member Country from time to time which is described in the EU Bail-In Legislation Schedule and (b) with respect to the United Kingdom, Part I of the United Kingdom Banking Act 2009 (as amended from time to time) and any other law, regulation or rule applicable in the United Kingdom relating to the resolution of unsound or failing banks, investment firms or other financial institutions or their affiliates (other than through liquidation, administration or other insolvency proceedings) 
 Banking Services means each and any of the following bank services provided to the Company or any Subsidiary by any Lender or any of its Affiliates (a) credit cards for commercial customers (including, without limitation, commercial credit cards and purchasing cards), (b) stored value cards, (c) merchant processing services and (d) treasury management services (including, without limitation, controlled disbursement, automated clearinghouse transactions, return items, any direct debit scheme or arrangement, overdrafts and interstate depository network services). 
 Banking Services Agreement means any agreement entered into by the Company or any Subsidiary in connection with Banking Services. 
 Banking Services Obligations means any and all obligations of the Company or any Subsidiary, whether absolute or contingent and howsoever and whensoever created, arising, evidenced or acquired (including all renewals, extensions and modifications thereof and substitutions therefor) in connection with Banking Services. 
 Bankruptcy Code means Title 11 of the United States Code entitled Bankruptcy, as now or hereafter in effect, or any successor thereto, as hereafter amended. 
 Bankruptcy Event means, with respect to any Person, such Person becomes the subject of a voluntary or involuntary bankruptcy or insolvency proceeding, or has had a receiver, conservator, trustee, administrator, custodian, assignee for the benefit of creditors or similar Person charged with the reorganization or liquidation of its business appointed for it, or, in the good faith determination of the Administrative Agent, has taken any action in furtherance of, or indicating its consent to, approval of, or acquiescence in, any such proceeding or appointment or has had any order for relief in such proceeding entered in respect thereof provided that a Bankruptcy Event shall not result solely by virtue of any ownership interest, or the acquisition of any ownership interest, in such Person by a Governmental Authority or instrumentality thereof, unless such ownership interest results in or provides such Person with immunity from the jurisdiction of courts within the United States or from the enforcement of judgments or writs of attachment on its assets or permits such Person (or such Governmental Authority or instrumentality) to reject, repudiate, disavow or disaffirm any contracts or agreements made by such Person. 
 Benchmark means, initially, with respect to any (i) RFR Loan denominated in any Agreed Currency, the applicable Relevant Rate for such Agreed Currency and (ii) Term Benchmark Loan denominated in any Agreed Currency, the applicable Relevant Rate for such Agreed Currency provided that if a Benchmark Transition Event and the related Benchmark Replacement Date have occurred with respect to the applicable Relevant Rate or the then-current Benchmark for such Agreed Currency, then Benchmark means the applicable Benchmark Replacement to the extent that such Benchmark Replacement has replaced such prior benchmark rate pursuant to clause (b) of Section 2.14. 
 Benchmark Replacement means, for any Available Tenor, the first alternative set forth in the order below that can be determined by the Administrative Agent for the applicable Benchmark Replacement Date provided that, in the case of any Loan denominated in an Agreed Currency other than Dollars, Benchmark Replacement shall mean the alternative set forth in (2) below 
 (1) in the case of any Loan denominated in Dollars, the Adjusted Daily Simple SOFR, 

(2) the sum of (a) the alternate benchmark rate that has been selected by the Administrative Agent and the Company as the replacement for the then-current Benchmark for the applicable Corresponding Tenor giving due consideration to (i) any selection or recommendation of a replacement benchmark rate or the mechanism for determining such a rate by the Relevant Governmental Body or (ii) any evolving or then-prevailing market convention for determining a benchmark rate as a replacement for the then-current Benchmark for syndicated credit facilities denominated in the applicable Agreed Currency at such time in the United States and (b) the related Benchmark Replacement Adjustment. 
 If the Benchmark Replacement as determined pursuant to the above would be less than the Floor, the Benchmark Replacement will be deemed to be the Floor for the purposes of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents. 
 Benchmark Replacement Adjustment means, with respect to any replacement of the then-current Benchmark with an Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement for any applicable Interest Period and Available Tenor for any setting of such Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement, the spread adjustment, or method for calculating or determining such spread adjustment, (which may be a positive or negative value or zero) that has been selected by the Administrative Agent and the Company for the applicable Corresponding Tenor giving due consideration to (i) any selection or recommendation of a spread adjustment, or method for calculating or determining such spread adjustment, for the replacement of such Benchmark with the applicable Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement by the Relevant Governmental Body on the applicable Benchmark Replacement Date and or (ii) any evolving or then-prevailing market convention for determining a spread adjustment, or method for calculating or determining such spread adjustment, for the replacement of such Benchmark with the applicable Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement for syndicated credit facilities denominated in the applicable Agreed Currency at such time. 
 Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes means, with respect to any Benchmark Replacement, any technical, administrative or operational changes (including changes to the definition of Alternate Base Rate, the definition of Business Day, the definition of U.S. Government Securities Business Day, the definition of RFR Business Day, the definition of Interest Period, timing and frequency of determining rates and making payments of interest, timing of borrowing requests or prepayment, conversion or continuation notices, length of lookback periods, the applicability of breakage provisions, and other technical, administrative or operational matters) that the Administrative Agent reasonably decides may be appropriate to reflect the adoption and implementation of such Benchmark and to permit the administration thereof by the Administrative Agent in a manner substantially consistent with market practice (or, if the Administrative Agent reasonably decides that adoption of any portion of such market practice is not administratively feasible or if the Administrative Agent determines that no market practice for the administration of such Benchmark exists, in such other manner of administration as the Administrative Agent decides is reasonably necessary in connection with the administration of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents). 
 Benchmark Replacement Date means, with respect to any Benchmark, the earliest to occur of the following events with respect to such then-current Benchmark 
 (1) in the case of clause (1) or (2) of the definition of Benchmark Transition Event, the later of (a) the date of the public statement or publication of information referenced therein and (b) the date on which the administrator of such Benchmark (or the published component used in the calculation thereof) permanently or indefinitely ceases to provide all Available Tenors of such Benchmark (or such component thereof) or 
 (2) in the case of clause (3) of the definition of Benchmark Transition Event, the first date on which such Benchmark (or the published component used in the calculation thereof) has been determined and announced by the regulatory supervisor for the administrator of such Benchmark (or such component thereof) to be no longer representative provided, that such non-representativeness will be determined by reference to the most recent statement or publication referenced in such clause (3) and even if any Available Tenor of such Benchmark (or such component thereof) continues to be provided on such date. 

For the avoidance of doubt, (i) if the event giving rise to the Benchmark Replacement Date occurs on the same day as, but earlier than, the Reference Time in respect of any determination, the Benchmark Replacement Date will be deemed to have occurred prior to the Reference Time for such determination and (ii) the Benchmark Replacement Date will be deemed to have occurred in the case of clause (1) or (2) above with respect to any Benchmark upon the occurrence of the applicable event or events set forth therein with respect to all then-current Available Tenors of such Benchmark (or the published component used in the calculation thereof). 
 Benchmark Transition Event means, with respect to any Benchmark, the occurrence of one or more of the following events with respect to such then-current Benchmark 
 (1) a public statement or publication of information by or on behalf of the administrator of such Benchmark (or the published component used in the calculation thereof) announcing that such administrator has ceased or will cease to provide all Available Tenors of such Benchmark (or such component thereof), permanently or indefinitely, provided that, at the time of such statement or publication, there is no successor administrator that will continue to provide any Available Tenor of such Benchmark (or such component thereof) 
 (2) a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory supervisor for the administrator of such Benchmark (or the published component used in the calculation thereof), the Federal Reserve Board, the NYFRB, the CME Term SOFR Administrator, the central bank for the Agreed Currency applicable to such Benchmark, an insolvency official with jurisdiction over the administrator for such Benchmark (or such component), a resolution authority with jurisdiction over the administrator for such Benchmark (or such component) , or a court or an entity with similar insolvency or resolution authority over the administrator for such Benchmark (or such component), in each case which states that the administrator of such Benchmark (or such component) has ceased or will cease to provide all Available Tenors of such Benchmark (or such component thereof) permanently or indefinitely provided that, at the time of such statement or publication, there is no successor administrator that will continue to provide any Available Tenor of such Benchmark (or such component thereof) or 
 (3) a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory supervisor for the administrator of such Benchmark (or the published component used in the calculation thereof) announcing that all Available Tenors of such Benchmark (or such component thereof) are no longer, or as of a specified future date will no longer be, representative. 
 For the avoidance of doubt, a Benchmark Transition Event will be deemed to have occurred with respect to any Benchmark if a public statement or publication of information set forth above has occurred with respect to each then-current Available Tenor of such Benchmark (or the published component used in the calculation thereof). 
 Benchmark Unavailability Period means, with respect to any Benchmark, the period (if any) (x) beginning at the time that a Benchmark Replacement Date pursuant to clauses (1) or (2) of that definition has occurred if, at such time, no Benchmark Replacement has replaced such then-current Benchmark for all purposes hereunder and under any Loan Document in accordance with Section 2.14 and (y) ending at the time that a Benchmark Replacement has replaced such then-current Benchmark for all purposes hereunder and under any Loan Document in accordance with Section 2.14. 
 Beneficial Ownership Certification means a certification regarding beneficial ownership or control as required by the Beneficial Ownership Regulation. 
 Beneficial Ownership Regulation means 31 C.F.R. 1010.230. 
 Benefit Plan means any of (a) an employee benefit plan (as defined in ERISA) that is subject to Title I of ERISA, (b) a plan as defined in and subject to Section 4975 of the Code, or (c) any Person whose assets include (for purposes of ERISA Section 3(42) or otherwise for purposes of Title I of ERISA or Section 4975 of the Code) the assets of any such employee benefit plan or plan . 

BHC Act Affiliate of a party means an affiliate (as such term is defined under, and interpreted in accordance with, 12 U.S.C. 1841(k)) of such party. 
 Blocking Regulation has the meaning assigned to it in Section 3.15. 
 Borrower means the Company or any Subsidiary Borrower. 
 Borrowing means (a) Revolving Loans of the same Type, made, converted or continued on the same date and, in the case of Term Benchmark Loans, as to which a single Interest Period is in effect or (b) a Term Loan of the same Type and Class, made, converted or continued on the same date and, in the case of Term Benchmark Loans, as to which a single Interest Period is in effect or (c) a Swingline Loan. 
 Borrowing Request means a request by any Borrower for a Borrowing in accordance with Section 2.03 in the form attached hereto as Exhibit H-1 or any other form approved by the Administrative Agent. 
 Borrowing Subsidiary Agreement means a Borrowing Subsidiary Agreement substantially in the form of Exhibit E-1. 
 Borrowing Subsidiary Termination means a Borrowing Subsidiary Termination substantially in the form of Exhibit E-2. 
 Business Day means any day (other than a Saturday or a Sunday) (a) on which banks are open for business in New York City and (b)(i) in relation to Loans denominated in euros and in relation to the calculation or computation of EURIBOR, any day which is a TARGET Day, (ii) in relation to RFR Loans and any interest rate settings, fundings, disbursements, settlements or payments of any such RFR Loan, or any other dealings in the applicable Agreed Currency of such RFR Loan, any such day that is only a RFR Business Day for such Agreed Currency, (iii) in relation to Loans referencing the Adjusted Term SOFR Rate and any interest rate settings, fundings, disbursements, settlements or payments of any such Loans referencing the Adjusted Term SOFR Rate or any other dealings of such Loans referencing the Adjusted Term SOFR Rate, any such day that is a U.S. Government Securities Business Day or (iv) in relation to Loans denominated in any other Agreed Currency or any interest rate settings, fundings, disbursements, settlements or payments of any CBR Loan or CBR Borrowing, on which dealings in the applicable Agreed Currency are carried on in the principal financial center of such Agreed Currency. 
 Canadian Dollars means the lawful currency of Canada. 
 Canadian Prime when used in reference to any Loan or Borrowing, refers to whether such Loan, or the Loans comprising such Borrowing, are bearing interest at a rate determined by reference to the Canadian Prime Rate. 
 Canadian Prime Rate means, on any day, a rate per annum determined by the Administrative Agent to be the higher of (a) the rate equal to the PRIMCAN Index rate that appears on the Bloomberg screen at 10 15 a.m. Toronto, Ontario time on such day (or, in the event that the PRIMCAN Index is not published by Bloomberg, any other information service that publishes such index from time to time, as selected by the Administrative Agent in its reasonable discretion), and (b) the CDOR Rate for a one month Interest Period at approximately 10 15 a.m., Toronto, Ontario time on such day (and, if such day is not a Business Day, then on the immediately preceding Business Day (as adjusted by Administrative Agent after 10 15 a.m. Toronto, Ontario time to reflect any error in the posted rate of interest or in the posted average annual rate of interest)), rounded to the nearest 1 100 th of 1 (with .005 being rounded up), plus 1 per annum provided , that if any the above rates shall be less than 1 per annum, such rate shall be deemed to be 1 per annum for purposes of this Agreement. Any change in the Canadian Prime Rate due to a change in the PRIMCAN Index or the CDOR Rate shall be effective from and including the effective date of such change in the PRIMCAN Index or CDOR Rate, respectively. If the Canadian Prime Rate is being used as an alternate rate of interest pursuant to Section 2.14 (for the avoidance of doubt, only until the applicable Benchmark Replacement has been 

determined pursuant to Section 2.14(b) ), then the Canadian Prime Rate shall be determined solely by reference to clause (a) above and shall be determined without reference to clause (b) above. 
 Capital Expenditures means, with respect to any Person for any period, the sum of the aggregate of all expenditures by such Person and its Subsidiaries during such period that in accordance with GAAP are or should be included in property, plant and equipment or in a similar fixed asset account on its balance sheet, whether such expenditures are paid in cash or financed and including all Capital Lease Obligations paid or payable during such period provided , however , that the following shall not constitute Capital Expenditures (i) expenditures to the extent that they are financed with the Available Equity Proceeds, (ii) expenditures to the extent that they are made with the proceeds of Reinvestment Eligible Funds, (iii) expenditures to the extent that they are made by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries to effect leasehold improvements to any property leased by such Person as lessee, to the extent that such expenses have been reimbursed in cash to the Company or such Subsidiary by the landlord that is not an Affiliate of a Loan Party, (iv) expenditures to the extent that they are actually paid for by a third party (excluding any Loan Party or Affiliate thereof) and for which no Loan Party or Subsidiary has provided or is required to provide or incur, directly or indirectly, any consideration or monetary obligation to such third party or any other Person (whether before, during or after such period), and (v) property, plant and equipment taken in settlement of accounts. 
 Capital Lease means, with respect to any Person, any lease of real or personal property by such Person as lessee which is (a) required under GAAP, as in effect on the Effective Date and without giving any effect to any subsequent changes in GAAP (or the required implementation of any previously promulgated changes in GAAP), to be capitalized on the balance sheet of such Person or (b) a transaction of a type commonly known as a synthetic lease i.e. , a lease transaction that is treated as an operating lease for accounting purposes but with respect to which payments of rent are intended to be treated as payments of principal and interest on a loan for Federal income tax purposes). 
 Capital Lease Obligations means, with respect to any Person, obligations of such Person and its Subsidiaries under Capital Leases, and, for purposes hereof, the amount of any such obligation shall be the capitalized amount thereof determined in accordance with GAAP, as in effect on the Effective Date and without giving any effect to any subsequent changes in GAAP (or the required implementation of any previously promulgated changes in GAAP). 
 CBR , when used in reference to any Loan or Borrowing, refers to whether such Loan, or the Loans comprising such Borrowing, bear interest at a rate determined by reference to the Central Bank Rate. 
 CBR Spread means, with respect to any CBR Loan, the Applicable Rate applicable to such Loan that is replaced by such CBR Loan. 
 CDOR Rate means, with respect to any Term Benchmark Borrowing denominated in Canadian Dollars and for any Interest Period, the CDOR Screen Rate at approximately 10 15 a.m., Toronto, Ontario time, on the first day of such Interest Period (and, if such day is not a Business Day, then on the immediately preceding Business Day (as adjusted by Administrative Agent after 10 15 a.m. Toronto, Ontario time to reflect any error in the posted rate of interest or in the posted average annual rate of interest)), rounded to the nearest 1 100 th of 1 (with .005 being rounded up). 
 CDOR Screen Rate means, for any day and time, with respect to any Term Benchmark Borrowing denominated in Canadian Dollars and for any Interest Period, the annual rate of interest equal to the average rate applicable to Canadian Dollar Canadian bankers acceptances for the applicable Interest Period that appears on such day and time on the Reuters Screen CDOR Page as defined in the International Swap Dealer Association, Inc. definitions, as modified and amended from time to time (or, in the event such rate does not appear on such page or screen, on any successor or substitute page or screen that displays such rate, or on the appropriate page of such other information service that publishes such rate from time to time, as selected by the Administrative Agent in its reasonable discretion) provided that, if the CDOR Screen Rate shall be less than zero, the CDOR Screen Rate shall be deemed to be zero for purposes of this Agreement. 

Central Bank Rate means, the greater of (A) the sum of (i) for any Loan denominated in (a) Sterling, the Bank of England s (or any successor thereto s) Bank Rate as published by the Bank of England (or any successor thereto) from time to time, (b) euro, one of the following three rates as may be selected by the Administrative Agent in its reasonable discretion (1) the fixed rate for the main refinancing operations of the European Central Bank (or any successor thereto), or, if that rate is not published, the minimum bid rate for the main refinancing operations of the European Central Bank (or any successor thereto), each as published by the European Central Bank (or any successor thereto) from time to time, (2) the rate for the marginal lending facility of the European Central Bank (or any successor thereto), as published by the European Central Bank (or any successor thereto) from time to time, or (3) the rate for the deposit facility of the central banking system of the Participating Member States, as published by the European Central Bank (or any successor thereto) from time to time, and (c) any other Foreign Currency, a central bank rate as determined by the Administrative Agent in its reasonable discretion (any reference rate described in this clause (A)(i) for any Foreign Currency being referred to as the CBR Reference Rate plus (ii) the applicable Central Bank Rate Adjustment and (B) and the Floor. Any change in the Central Bank Rate for any Foreign Currency due to a change in the CBR Reference Rate or the Central Bank Rate Adjustment for such Foreign Currency shall be effective from and including the effective date of such change in the CBR Reference Rate or the Central Bank Rate Adjustment, respectively. 
 Central Bank Rate Adjustment means for any day, for any Loan denominated in (a) euro, a rate equal to the difference (which may be a positive or negative value or zero) of (i) the average of the Adjusted EURIBOR Rate for the five most recent Business Days preceding such day for which the EURIBOR Screen Rate was available (excluding, from such averaging, the highest and the lowest Adjusted EURIBOR Rate applicable during such period of five Business Days) minus (ii) the Central Bank Rate in respect of euro in effect on the last Business Day in such period, (b) Sterling, a rate equal to the difference (which may be a positive or negative value or zero) of (i) the average of the Adjusted Daily Simple RFR for Sterling Borrowings for the five most recent RFR Business Days preceding such day for which Adjusted Daily Simple RFR for Sterling Borrowings was available (excluding, from such averaging, the highest and the lowest such Adjusted Daily Simple RFR applicable during such period of five RFR Business Days) minus (ii) the Central Bank Rate in respect of Sterling in effect on the last RFR Business Day in such period, and (c) any other Foreign Currency, a Central Bank Rate Adjustment as determined by the Administrative Agent in its reasonable discretion. For purposes of this definition, (x) the term Central Bank Rate shall be determined disregarding clause (A)(ii) of the definition of such term and (y) the EURIBOR Rate on any day shall be based on the EURIBOR Screen Rate on such day at approximately the time referred to in the definition of such term for deposits in Sterling for a maturity of one month. 
 CFC means any Subsidiary of the Company that is a controlled foreign corporation (as defined in the Code). 
 Change in Control means (a) any person or group (as such terms are used in Sections 13(d) and 14(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and the rules of the Securities and Exchange Commission thereunder as in effect on the date hereof but excluding any employee benefit plan of such person and its subsidiaries and any person or entity acting in its capacity as trustee, agent or other fiduciary or administrator of any such plan) other than the Permitted Holders is or shall at any time become the beneficial owner (as defined in Rules 13(d)-3 and 13(d)-5 under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and the rules of the Securities and Exchange Commission thereunder as in effect on the date hereof), directly or indirectly, of more than 35 (measured on a fully diluted basis) of the voting power of the Equity Interests of the Public Holdco (b) the failure of the Public Holdco to be the sole direct or indirect managing member of the Company or (c) the Company shall cease to have beneficial ownership (as defined in Rule 13d-3 under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and the rules of the Securities and Exchange Commission thereunder as in effect on the date hereof) directly or indirectly of 100 of the aggregate voting or economic power of the Equity Interests of each other Borrower (other than in connection with any transaction permitted pursuant to Section 6.03). 
 Change in Law means the occurrence, after the date of this Agreement (or with respect to any Lender, if later, the date on which such Lender becomes a Lender), of any of the following (a) the adoption or taking effect of any law, rule, regulation or treaty, (b) any change in any law, rule, regulation 

or treaty or in the administration, interpretation, implementation or application thereof by any Governmental Authority, or (c) the making or issuance of any request, rules, guideline, requirement or directive (whether or not having the force of law) by any Governmental Authority provided however , that notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, (i) the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act and all requests, rules, guidelines, requirements and directives thereunder, issued in connection therewith or in implementation thereof, and (ii) all requests, rules, guidelines, requirements and directives promulgated by the Bank for International Settlements, the Basel Committee on Banking Supervision (or any successor or similar authority) or the United States or foreign regulatory authorities, in each case pursuant to Basel III, shall in each case be deemed to be a Change in Law regardless of the date enacted, adopted, issued or implemented. 
 Class , when used in reference to any Loan or Borrowing, refers to whether such Loan, or the Loans comprising such Borrowing, are Revolving Loans, Term Loans or Swingline Loans. 
 CME Term SOFR Administrator means CME Group Benchmark Administration Limited as administrator of the forward-looking term Secured Overnight Financing Rate (SOFR) (or a successor administrator). 
 Code means the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended from time to time. 
 Co-Documentation Agent means each of Citizens Bank, N.A., Bank of the West and HSBC Bank USA, National Association in its capacity as a co-documentation agent for the credit facility evidenced by this Agreement. 
 
 Collateral means any and all property owned, leased or operated by a Person covered by the Collateral Documents and any and all other property of any Loan Party, now existing or hereafter acquired, that may at any time be or become subject to a security interest or Lien in favor of Administrative Agent, on behalf of itself and the Secured Parties, to secure the Secured Obligations. 
 Collateral Access Agreement means any landlord waiver or other agreement, in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent, between the Administrative Agent and any third party (including any bailee, consignee, customs broker, or other similar Person) in possession of any Collateral or any landlord of any real property where any Collateral is located, as such landlord waiver or other agreement may be amended, restated, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time. 
 Collateral Documents means, collectively, the Security Agreement, each Pledge Agreement, each Mortgage, each Collateral Access Agreement, and all other agreements, instruments and documents executed in connection with this Agreement that are intended to create, perfect or evidence Liens to secure the Secured Obligations, including, without limitation, all other security agreements, pledge agreements, mortgages, deeds of trust, loan agreements, notes, guarantees, subordination agreements, pledges, powers of attorney, consents, assignments, contracts, fee letters, notices, leases, financing statements and all other written matter whether heretofore, now, or hereafter executed by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries and delivered to the Administrative Agent. 
 Commitment means, with respect to each Lender, the sum of such Lender s Revolving Commitment and Term Loan Commitment. The initial amount of each Lender s Commitment is set forth on Schedule 2.01 opposite such Lender s name, or in the Assignment and Assumption or record (as such term is defined in Section 9-102(a)(70) of the New York Uniform Commercial Code) as provided in Section 9.04(b)(ii)(C), contemplated hereby pursuant to which such Lender shall have assumed its Commitment, as applicable. 
 Commodity Exchange Act means the Commodity Exchange Act (7 U.S.C. 1 et seq.), as amended from time to time, and any successor statute. 
 Communications has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 8.03(c). 

Company means Funko Acquisition Holdings, L.L.C., a Delaware limited liability company. 
 Connection Income Taxes means Other Connection Taxes that are imposed on or measured by net income (however denominated) or that are franchise Taxes or branch profits Taxes. 
 Consolidated Cash Interest Expense means, with respect to any Person for any period, Consolidated Net Interest Expense that has been paid or is payable in cash during such period, all calculated for such Person and its Subsidiaries for such period in accordance with GAAP on a consolidated basis, other than (without duplication and to the extent, but only to the extent, included in the determination of Consolidated Net Interest Expense for such period in accordance with GAAP and paid in cash for such period) (i) amortization of debt discount and debt issuance fees, (ii) any fees (including underwriting fees) and expenses paid in connection with the consummation or proposed consummation of any Permitted Acquisition, (iii) any payments made to obtain Swap Agreements and (iv) any agent or collateral monitoring fees paid or required to be paid pursuant to any Loan Document. 
 Consolidated EBITDA means, with respect to any Person for any period, (a) Consolidated Net Income, plus (b) without duplication, the sum of the following amounts to the extent deducted (but not excluded) in determining Consolidated Net Income of such Person and its Subsidiaries for such period (i) Consolidated Net Interest Expense, (ii) income tax expense minus any income tax benefit recorded (but only to the extent such result is a positive number), (iii) depreciation expense, (iv) amortization expense, (v) fees and expenses for third party professionals, agents and advisors and other transaction costs and expenses incurred in connection with the closing of the Loan Documents, Permitted Acquisitions (whether or not consummated) after the Effective Date and any secondary or follow-on public offering (whether or not consummated) provided , that (A) the amount of such fees and expenses are actually incurred within 180 days of the effective date of such transaction (or the date of abandonment of such transaction, as applicable), and (B) such fees and expenses with respect to Permitted Acquisitions (whether or not consummated) shall not exceed 5,000,000 in the aggregate during any fiscal year of the Company, (vi) non-cash compensation expense (including deferred non-cash compensation expense), or other non-cash expenses or charges, arising from the sale or issuance of Equity Interests, the granting of stock options, and similar arrangements, (vii) all other non-cash, non-recurring charges (other than any such non-cash expenses or charges that represent an accrual or reserve for future cash expenses or charges or a write-down or write-off of current assets (other than (A) as a result of the application of purchase accounting and (B) write-downs and write-offs in an amount not to exceed for any period of four consecutive fiscal quarters the greater of (x) 20,000,000 and (y) 12.5 of Consolidated EBITDA (calculated before taking into effect this clause (B)))), including, without limitation, non-cash exchange, translation, or performance losses relating to any hedging transactions or foreign currency fluctuation, non-cash charges in respect of earnouts, non-cash mark-to-market expenses relating to any Swap Agreement permitted hereunder, non-cash stock or equity compensation and non-cash charges associated with any write-off of deferred amortization costs, (viii) non-recurring cash charges resulting from severance, consulting, advisory and other similar transition expenses, stay or sign on bonuses, retirement of debt, restructuring, consolidation, transition integration and other similar adjustments made as a result of Permitted Acquisitions and other investments permitted hereunder (including facility start-up costs and pursuit and broken deal costs in respect of acquisitions and investments) provided , that the aggregate amount added back to Consolidated EBITDA pursuant to this clause (a)(viii), when taken to together with the aggregate amount added back to Consolidated EBITDA pursuant to clause (a)(ix) below, shall not in the aggregate exceed 15 of Consolidated EBITDA (calculated prior to giving effect to such clauses) during any period of four consecutive fiscal quarters of the Company, (ix) pro forma cost savings and cost synergies (net of actual amounts realized) in connection with any operating improvements, Permitted Acquisition or other investment permitted hereunder that are identifiable, factually supported and certified by a Responsible Officer (and, if reasonably requested by the Administrative Agent, validated by an independent third party financial analyst) and expected to occur within the next twelve (12) months based on specifically identifiable actions which have been taken or will be taken provided , that the aggregate amount added back to Consolidated EBITDA pursuant to this clause (a)(ix), when taken to together with the aggregate amount added back to Consolidated EBITDA pursuant to clause (a)(viii) above, shall not in the aggregate exceed 15 of Consolidated EBITDA (calculated prior to giving effect to such clauses) during any period of four consecutive fiscal quarters of the Company, (x) to the extent not included in Consolidated Net Income, cash proceeds of business interruption insurance received during such period 

and the cash proceeds of any indemnification payments received from third parties for items to the extent such items reduced Consolidated Net Income, (xi) Pro Forma EBITDA from Permitted Acquisitions supported by a quality of earnings report or a certified analysis of the Chief Financial Officer of the Company, in either case the results of which shall be reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent, (xii) non-cash expenses due to a step-up of inventory value required as a result of any Permitted Acquisition, (xiii) fees in connection with obtaining and the maintenance of ratings by S&P and Moody s and (xiv) Public Company Expenses, all calculated for such Person and its Subsidiaries for such period in accordance with GAAP on a consolidated basis. 
 Notwithstanding the foregoing, solely for purposes of determining compliance with Sections 6.10(a) and 6.10(b) for any period of four consecutive fiscal quarters of the Company ending on March 31, 2023, June 30, 2023, September 30, 2023 or December 31, 2023, but in all cases only to the extent the Covenant Relief Period is in effect on the last day of such fiscal quarter 
 (I) subject to the following clause (IV), the aggregate amount permitted to be added back under clause (b)(vii) of this definition of Consolidated EBITDA for any fiscal quarter of the Company set forth below shall not exceed the amount set forth opposite each such fiscal quarter 
 Fiscal Quarter Ending Maximum Amount 
 March 31, 2023 30,118,000 June 30, 2023 0 September 30, 2023 0 December 31, 2023 0 
 
 (II) subject to the following clause (IV), the aggregate amount permitted to be added back under clause (b)(viii) of this definition of Consolidated EBITDA for any fiscal quarter of the Company set forth below shall not exceed the amount set forth opposite each such fiscal quarter 
 Fiscal Quarter Ending Maximum Amount 
 March 31, 2023 202,000 June 30, 2023 205,000 September 30, 2023 206,000 December 31, 2023 204,000 
 
 (III) subject to the following clause (IV), the aggregate amount permitted to be added back under clause (b)(ix) of this definition of Consolidated EBITDA for any fiscal quarter of the Company set forth below shall not exceed the amount set forth opposite each such fiscal quarter 

Fiscal Quarter Ending Maximum Amount 
 March 31, 2023 8,837,000 June 30, 2023 6,591,000 September 30, 2023 1,385,000 December 31, 2023 718,000 
 
 (IV) the aggregate of all amounts added back to Consolidated EBITDA in reliance on the foregoing clauses (I), (II) and (III) for any fiscal quarter of the Company ending on March 31, 2023, June 30, 2023, September 30, 2023 or December 31, 2023, may, at the option of the Company, be increased by 5,000,000 in the aggregate for any such fiscal quarter 
 provided that, in each case and notwithstanding the foregoing, none of the immediately foregoing clauses (I), (II), (III) and (IV) shall have any effect or shall apply to any determination of Consolidated EBITDA for any period ending after the earlier of the expiration of the Covenant Relief Period and December 31, 2023 (regardless of whether a Covenant Relief Period was previously in effect during any portion of such period). 
 Consolidated Funded Indebtedness means, with respect to any Person at any date, all Indebtedness (including, for the avoidance of doubt, any Indebtedness owing under the Intercompany Loan, but excluding Indebtedness of the type described in clause (g) of the definition of Indebtedness, any Indebtedness that is cash collateralized, any obligations in relation to any contingent earnouts and similar obligations, including Indebtedness under clauses (b) and (d) of the definition of Indebtedness, until such obligations are due and payable), of such Person and its Subsidiaries as of such date, determined on a consolidated basis in accordance with GAAP, including, in any event, with respect to the Company and its Subsidiaries, the Total Credit Exposure at such time and all Capital Lease Obligations of the Company and its Subsidiaries. 
 Consolidated Net Income means, with respect to any Person for any period, the net income (or loss) of such Person and its Subsidiaries for such period, determined on a consolidated basis and in accordance with GAAP, but excluding from the determination of Consolidated Net Income (without duplication) (a) any extraordinary gains or losses or gains or losses from dispositions or other transfers of assets, (b) non-cash restructuring charges and (c) effects of discontinued operations provided that there shall be excluded any income (or loss) of any Person other than the Company or a wholly-owned Subsidiary, but any such income so excluded may be included in such period or any later period to the extent of any cash dividends or distributions actually paid in cash in the relevant period to the Company or any wholly-owned Subsidiary of the Company. 
 Consolidated Net Interest Expense means, with respect to any Person for any period, the total interest expense of such Person for such period, whether paid or accrued and whether or not capitalized including, without limitation, amortization of debt issuance costs and original issue discount, interest capitalized during construction, non-cash interest payments, the interest component of any deferred payment obligations, the interest component of all payments under Capital Leases (regardless of whether accounted for as interest expense under GAAP), all commissions, discounts and other fees and charges owed with respect to letters of credit and bankers acceptances and net costs (included in interest expense) in respect of Swap Agreements, in each case determined for such Person and its Subsidiaries for such period in accordance with GAAP on a consolidated basis, (i) net of all interest income and (ii) net of amounts paid or payable and or received or receivable under Swap Agreements in respect of interest rates. 

Consolidated Total Assets means, as of the date of any determination thereof, total assets of the Company and its Subsidiaries calculated in accordance with GAAP on a consolidated basis as of such date. 
 Consolidating Information has the meaning specified therefor in Section 5.01(b). 
 Control means the possession, directly or indirectly, of the power to direct or cause the direction of the management or policies of a Person, whether through the ability to exercise voting power, by contract or otherwise. Controlling and Controlled have meanings correlative thereto. 
 Convertible Indebtedness means Indebtedness of the Company or any direct or indirect parent of the Company permitted to be incurred under the terms of this Agreement that is either (a) convertible into common equity of the Company or any direct or indirect parent of the Company (and cash in lieu of fractional shares) (or other Qualified Equity Interests of any Person following a merger event or other change of the capital stock of the Company or such direct or indirect parent of the Company) and or cash (in an amount determined by reference to the price of such common stock) or (b) sold as units with call options, warrants or rights to purchase (or substantially equivalent derivative transactions) that are exercisable for common equity of the Company or any direct or indirect parent of the Company (and cash in lieu of fractional shares) (or other Qualified Equity Interests of any Person following a merger event or other change of the capital stock of the Company or such direct or indirect parent of the Company) and or cash (in an amount determined by reference to the price of such common stock). 
 Corresponding Tenor with respect to any Available Tenor means, as applicable, either a tenor (including overnight) or an interest payment period having approximately the same length (disregarding business day adjustment) as such Available Tenor. 
 Covenant Relief Period means the period beginning on (and including) the Amendment No. 3 Effective Date and ending on (and including) the earlier of (a) the first day prior to December 31, 2023 on which the Company delivers to the Administrative Agent a compliance certificate pursuant to Section 5.01(c) demonstrating its compliance with all financial covenants set forth in Section 6.10 as required to be in effect for the fiscal quarters ending on and after December 31, 2023 (in each case, without giving effect to the final paragraph set forth in the definition of Consolidated EBITDA), with a corresponding instruction that the Covenant Relief Period should end earlier than scheduled, and (b) the first date on which the Company delivers to the Administrative Agent a compliance certificate pursuant to Section 5.01(c) demonstrating its compliance with all financial covenants set forth in Section 6.10 as required to be in effect for the fiscal quarter ending December 31, 2023, which is the scheduled end of the Covenant Relief Period. 
 Covered Entity means any of the following 
 (i) a covered entity as that term is defined in, and interpreted in accordance with, 12 C.F.R. 252.82(b) 
 (ii) a covered bank as that term is defined in, and interpreted in accordance with, 12 C.F.R. 47.3(b) or 
 (iii) a covered FSI as that term is defined in, and interpreted in accordance with, 12 C.F.R. 382.2(b). 
 Covered Party has the meaning assigned to it in Section 9.19. 
 Credit Event means a Borrowing, the issuance, amendment, renewal or extension of a Letter of Credit, an LC Disbursement or any of the foregoing. 

Credit Exposure means, as to any Lender at any time, the sum of (a) such Lender s Revolving Credit Exposure at such time, plus (b) an amount equal to the aggregate principal amount of its Term Loans outstanding at such time. 
 Credit Party means the Administrative Agent, each Issuing Bank, the Swingline Lender or any other Lender. 
 Daily Simple RFR means, for any day (an RFR Interest Day ), an interest rate per annum equal to, for any RFR Loan denominated in (i) Sterling, SONIA for the day that is 5 RFR Business Days prior to (A) if such RFR Interest Day is an RFR Business Day, such RFR Interest Day or (B) if such RFR Interest Day is not an RFR Business Day, the RFR Business Day immediately preceding such RFR Interest Day and (ii) Dollars, Daily Simple SOFR. Any change in Daily Simple RFR due to a change in the applicable RFR shall be effective from and including the effective date of such change in the RFR without notice to the Borrower. 
 Daily Simple SOFR means, for any day (a SOFR Rate Day ), a rate per annum equal to SOFR for the day (such day SOFR Determination Date that is five (5) RFR Business Days prior to (i) if such SOFR Rate Day is an RFR Business Day, such SOFR Rate Day or (ii) if such SOFR Rate Day is not an RFR Business Day, the RFR Business Day immediately preceding such SOFR Rate Day, in each case, as such SOFR is published by the SOFR Administrator on the SOFR Administrator s Website. Any change in Daily Simple SOFR due to a change in SOFR shall be effective from and including the effective date of such change in SOFR without notice to the Borrower. 
 Default means any event or condition which constitutes an Event of Default or which upon notice, lapse of time or both would, unless cured or waived, become an Event of Default. 
 Default Right has the meaning assigned to that term in, and shall be interpreted in accordance with, 12 C.F.R. 252.81, 47.2 or 382.1, as applicable. 
 
 Defaulting Lender means any Lender that (a) has failed, within two (2) Business Days of the date required to be funded or paid, to (i) fund any portion of its Loans, (ii) fund any portion of its participations in Letters of Credit or Swingline Loans or (iii) pay over to any Credit Party any other amount required to be paid by it hereunder, unless, in the case of clause (i) above, such Lender notifies the Administrative Agent in writing that such failure is the result of such Lender s good faith determination that a condition precedent to funding (specifically identified and including the particular default, if any) has not been satisfied, (b) has notified the Company or any Credit Party in writing, or has made a public statement to the effect, that it does not intend or expect to comply with any of its funding obligations under this Agreement (unless such writing or public statement indicates that such position is based on such Lender s good faith determination that a condition precedent (specifically identified and including the particular default, if any) to funding a Loan under this Agreement cannot be satisfied) or generally under other agreements in which it commits to extend credit, (c) has failed, within three (3) Business Days after request by a Credit Party, acting in good faith, to provide a certification in writing from an authorized officer of such Lender that it will comply with its obligations (and is financially able to meet such obligations) to fund prospective Loans and participations in then outstanding Letters of Credit and Swingline Loans under this Agreement, provided that such Lender shall cease to be a Defaulting Lender pursuant to this clause (c) upon such Credit Party s receipt of such certification in form and substance satisfactory to it and the Administrative Agent, or (d) has become the subject of (A) a Bankruptcy Event or (B) a Bail-In Action. 
 
 Designated Proceeds means, at any time, an amount equal to the sum of (a) without duplication, the aggregate amount of net cash proceeds received by the Company from the issuance of Qualified Equity Interests to the Public Holdco (any such Qualified Equity Interests, Designated Qualified Stock ), minus (b) the aggregate amount of all Restricted Payments made pursuant to Section 6.06(e) with the net cash proceeds of such Designated Qualified Stock. 
 
 Disqualified Equity Interests means any Equity Interest that, by its terms (or by the terms of any security or other Equity Interest into which it is convertible or for which it is exchangeable), or upon the happening of any event or condition, (a) matures or is mandatorily redeemable, pursuant to a 

sinking fund obligation or otherwise, or is redeemable at the option of the holder thereof, in whole or in part, on or prior to the date which is 91 days after the Maturity Date (except as a result of a change of control or asset sale so long as any rights of the holders thereof upon the occurrence of a change of control or asset sale event shall be subject to the prior repayment in full of the Loans and all other Obligations that are accrued and payable and the termination of the Commitments), (b) is convertible into or exchangeable for (i) debt securities or (ii) any Equity Interests referred to in clause (a) above, in each case at any time prior to the date which is 91 days after the Maturity Date at the option of any Person other than a Loan Party, (c) contains any repurchase obligation that may come into effect either (i) prior to repayment in full of the Loans and all other Obligations that are accrued and payable and the termination of the Commitments or (ii) prior to the date that is 91 days after the Maturity Date or (d) provides for scheduled payments or the payment of cash dividends or distributions prior to the date that is 91 days after the Maturity Date. 
 
 Disqualified Institution means (a) any Person that is reasonably determined by the Company after the Effective Date to be a competitor of the Company or its Subsidiaries and which is specifically identified in a written supplement to the list of Disqualified Institutions , which supplement shall become effective three (3) Business Days after delivery thereof to the Administrative Agent and the Lenders in accordance with Section 9.01 and (b) any of the Affiliates of any of the foregoing that are either (i) identified in writing by the Company to the Administrative Agent from time to time or (ii) readily identifiable as such on the basis of their names. It is understood and agreed that (i) any supplement to the list of Persons that are Disqualified Institutions contemplated by the foregoing clause (a) shall not apply retroactively to disqualify any Persons that have previously acquired an assignment or participation interest in the Loans (but solely with respect to such Loans), (ii) the Administrative Agent shall have no responsibility or liability to determine or monitor whether any Lender or potential Lender is a Disqualified Institution, (iii) the Company s failure to deliver such list (or supplement thereto) in accordance with Section 9.01 shall render such list (or supplement) not received and not effective and (iv) Disqualified Institution shall exclude any Person that the Company has designated as no longer being a Disqualified Institution by written notice delivered to the Administrative Agent from time to time in accordance with Section 9.01. 
 
 Dollar Amount means, for any amount, at the time of determination thereof, (a) if such amount is expressed in Dollars, such amount, (b) if such amount is expressed in a Foreign Currency, the equivalent of such amount in Dollars determined by using the rate of exchange for the purchase of Dollars with such Foreign Currency last provided (either by publication or otherwise provided to the Administrative Agent or the applicable Issuing Bank, as the case may be) by Reuters on the Business Day (New York City time) immediately preceding the date of determination or if such service ceases to be available or ceases to provide a rate of exchange for the purchase of Dollars with such Foreign Currency, as provided by such other publicly available information service which provides that rate of exchange at such time in place of Reuters chosen by the Administrative Agent or the applicable Issuing Bank, as the case may be, in its sole discretion (or if such service ceases to be available or ceases to provide such rate of exchange, the equivalent of such amount in Dollars as determined by the Administrative Agent or the applicable Issuing Bank, as the case may be, using any method of determination it deems appropriate in its sole discretion) and (c) if such amount is denominated in any other currency, the equivalent of such amount in Dollars as determined by the Administrative Agent using any method of determination it deems appropriate in its sole discretion. 
 
 Dollars or refers to lawful money of the United States of America. 
 Domestic Subsidiary means a Subsidiary organized under the laws of a jurisdiction located in the United States of America. 
 DQ List has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 9.04(e)(iv). 
 ECP means an eligible contract participant as defined in Section 1(a)(18) of the Commodity Exchange Act or any regulations promulgated thereunder and the applicable rules issued by the Commodity Futures Trading Commission and or the SEC (collectively, and as now or hereafter in effect, the ECP Rules ). 

ECP Rules has the meaning assigned to such term in the definition of ECP. 
 EEA Financial Institution means (a) any credit institution or investment firm established in any EEA Member Country which is subject to the supervision of an EEA Resolution Authority, (b) any entity established in an EEA Member Country which is a parent of an institution described in clause (a) of this definition, or (c) any financial institution established in an EEA Member Country which is a subsidiary of an institution described in clause (a) or (b) of this definition and is subject to consolidated supervision with its parent. 
 EEA Member Country means any of the member states of the European Union, Iceland, Liechtenstein, and Norway. 
 EEA Resolution Authority means any public administrative authority or any Person entrusted with public administrative authority of any EEA Member Country (including any delegee) having responsibility for the resolution of any EEA Financial Institution. 
 Effective Date means the date on which the conditions specified in Section 4.01 are satisfied (or waived in accordance with Section 9.02) (i.e., September 17, 2021). 
 Electronic Signature means an electronic sound, symbol, or process attached to, or associated with, a contract or other record and adopted by a Person with the intent to sign, authenticate or accept such contract or record. 
 Electronic System means any electronic system, including e-mail, e-fax, Intralinks , ClearPar , Debt Domain, Syndtrak and any other Internet or extranet-based site, whether such electronic system is owned, operated or hosted by the Administrative Agent and the Issuing Bank and any of its respective Related Parties or any other Person, providing for access to data protected by passcodes or other security system. 
 Eligible Subsidiary means any wholly-owned Domestic Subsidiary (other than any Excluded Subsidiary) that is approved from time to time by the Administrative Agent and each of the Lenders. 
 Environmental Laws means all laws, rules, regulations, codes, ordinances, orders, decrees, judgments, injunctions, notices or binding agreements issued, promulgated or entered into by any Governmental Authority, relating in any way to the environment, preservation or reclamation of natural resources, the management, release or threatened release of any Hazardous Material or to health and safety matters. 
 Environmental Liability means any liability, contingent or otherwise (including any liability for damages, costs of environmental remediation, fines, penalties or indemnities), of the Company or any Subsidiary directly or indirectly resulting from or based upon (a) violation of any Environmental Law, (b) the generation, use, handling, transportation, storage, treatment or disposal of any Hazardous Materials, (c) exposure to any Hazardous Materials, (d) the release or threatened release of any Hazardous Materials into the environment or (e) any contract, agreement or other consensual arrangement pursuant to which liability is assumed or imposed with respect to any of the foregoing. 
 Equity Interests means shares of capital stock, partnership interests, membership interests in a limited liability company, beneficial interests in a trust or other equity ownership interests in a Person, and any warrants, options or other rights entitling the holder thereof to purchase or acquire any such equity interest , but excluding Convertible Indebtedness or Permitted Warrant Transactions. 
 Equivalent Amount means, for any amount of any Foreign Currency, at the time of determination thereof, (a) if such amount is expressed in such Foreign Currency, such amount and (b) if such amount is expressed in Dollars, the equivalent of such amount in such Foreign Currency determined by using the rate of exchange for the purchase of such Foreign Currency with Dollars last provided (either by publication or otherwise provided to the Administrative Agent or the applicable Issuing Bank, as the 

case may be) by the applicable Reuters source on the Business Day (New York City time) immediately preceding the date of determination or if such service ceases to be available or ceases to provide a rate of exchange for the purchase of such Foreign Currency with Dollars, as provided by such other publicly available information service which provides that rate of exchange at such time in place of Reuters chosen by the Administrative Agent or the applicable Issuing Bank, as the case may be, in its sole discretion (or if such service ceases to be available or ceases to provide such rate of exchange, the equivalent of such amount in Dollars as determined by the Administrative Agent or the applicable Issuing Bank, as the case may be, using any method of determination it deems appropriate in its sole discretion). 
 
 ERISA means the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended from time to time. 
 ERISA Affiliate means any trade or business (whether or not incorporated) that, together with the Company, is treated as a single employer under Section 414(b) or (c) of the Code Section 4001(14) of ERISA or, solely for purposes of Section 302 of ERISA and Section 412 of the Code, is treated as a single employer under Section 414 of the Code. 
 ERISA Event means (a) any reportable event , as defined in Section 4043 of ERISA or the regulations issued thereunder with respect to a Plan (other than an event for which the 30-day notice period is waived) (b) the failure to satisfy the minimum funding standard (as defined in Section 412 of the Code or Section 302 of ERISA), whether or not waived (c) the filing pursuant to Section 412(c) of the Code or Section 302(c) of ERISA of an application for a waiver of the minimum funding standard with respect to any Plan (d) the incurrence by the Company or any of its ERISA Affiliates of any liability under Title IV of ERISA with respect to the termination of any Plan (e) the receipt by the Company or any ERISA Affiliate from the PBGC or a plan administrator of any notice relating to an intention to terminate any Plan or Plans or to appoint a trustee to administer any Plan (f) the incurrence by the Company or any of its ERISA Affiliates of any liability with respect to the withdrawal or partial withdrawal of the Company or any of its ERISA Affiliates from any Plan or Multiemployer Plan or (g) the receipt by the Company or any ERISA Affiliate of any notice, or the receipt by any Multiemployer Plan from the Company or any ERISA Affiliate of any notice, concerning the imposition upon the Company or any of its ERISA Affiliates of Withdrawal Liability or a determination that a Multiemployer Plan is, or is expected to be, insolvent or in critical status, within the meaning of Title IV of ERISA. 
 EU Bail-In Legislation Schedule means the EU Bail-In Legislation Schedule published by the Loan Market Association (or any successor Person), as in effect from time to time. 
 EURIBOR Rate means, with respect to any Term Benchmark Borrowing denominated in euro and for any Interest Period, the EURIBOR Screen Rate at approximately 11 00 a.m., Brussels time, two TARGET Days prior to the commencement of such Interest Period. 
 
 EURIBOR Screen Rate means, for any day and time, with respect to any Term Benchmark Borrowing denominated in euros and for any Interest Period, the euro interbank offered rate administered by the European Money Markets Institute (or any other Person which takes over the administration of that rate) for euros for the relevant Interest Period displayed (before any correction, recalculation or republication by the administrator) on such day and time on page EURIBOR01 of the Reuters screen (or any replacement Reuters page which displays that rate or on the appropriate page of such other information service which publishes that rate from time to time in place of Reuters as selected by the Administrative Agent in its reasonable discretion). If such page or service ceases to be available, the Administrative Agent may specify another page or service displaying the relevant rate after consultation with the Company. If the EURIBOR Screen Rate shall be less than 0 , the EURIBOR Screen Rate shall be deemed to be 0 for purposes of this Agreement. 
 
 euro and or EUR means the single currency of the Participating Member States. 
 
 Event of Default has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 7.01. 

Exchange Rate means, for any Foreign Currency, the rate of exchange therefor as described in clause (b) of the definition of Dollar Amount . 
 Excluded Property means 
 (a) any investment property or general intangibles (each as defined in the UCC) or assets governed thereby (including any license, contract, permit, lease or franchise to the extent deemed a general intangible), now or hereafter held or owned by any Loan Party, to the extent, in each case, that (i) a security interest may not be granted by a Loan Party in such investment property or general intangibles as a matter of law or (ii) a security interest may not be granted under the express terms of the governing documents applicable to such general intangible, investment property or assets governed thereby (or the granting of which would result in a default or termination under such governing documents), without the consent of one or more applicable parties thereto so long as such consent from such applicable party or parties is not from either the Company or any Affiliate thereof 
 (b) fixtures located on premises leased by any Loan Party to the extent the pledge thereof or grant of a security interest therein is (i) prohibited by the lease governing such premises and (ii) would result in the forfeiture of any Loan Party s right, title or interest thereunder under applicable law provided , however , that at such time as any such grant of a security interest in any fixture is not prohibited and does not result in a forfeiture thereunder or under applicable law, such fixture shall (without any further act or delivery by any Person) constitute Collateral 
 (c) equipment owned by any Loan Party that is subject to a Lien permitted under Section 6.02 if the contract or other agreement applicable to the Indebtedness secured thereby validly prohibits the creation of any other Lien on such equipment or if such creation would result in a default or termination under the relevant agreement 
 (d) any intent-to-use trademark application or other intellectual property to the extent and for so long as creation by a Loan Party of a security interest therein would result in the abandonment, cancellation, invalidation or unenforceability thereof provided however , that Excluded Property shall not include any proceeds, substitutions or replacements of any Excluded Property referred to in this clause (d) (unless such proceeds, substitutions or replacements would constitute Excluded Property referred to in this clause (d) or any other clause of this definition) 
 (e) (i) any assets of any Subsidiary that is a Foreign Subsidiary or a FSHCO and (ii) more than 65 of the voting stock of any Subsidiary of a Loan Party that is a First-Tier Foreign Subsidiary or a FSHCO 
 (f) any license or any property subject to a license to the extent a grant of a security interest therein would result in a breach or termination pursuant to the terms of, or a default under, any such license 
 (g) (i) any fee simple interest in real property (other than Material Real Property), (ii) any leasehold or subleasehold interest in real property, (iii) any real property located in any jurisdiction outside the United States and (iv) any fee simple interest in real property that contains improvements located in an area identified by the Federal Emergency Management Agency (or any successor agency) as a special flood hazard area provided that, notwithstanding anything to the contrary set forth in this Agreement, to the extent any Material Real Property does not constitute Collateral as a result of the forgoing clause (g)(iv), the Company will not, and will not permit any Subsidiary to, create, incur, assume or permit to exist any Lien on any such Material Real Property described securing any Indebtedness of the type described in the definition of Consolidated Funded Indebtedness 
 (h) any (i) payroll and other employee wage and benefit accounts (ii) tax accounts, including, without limitation, sales tax accounts, (iii) escrow accounts, (iv) fiduciary or trust accounts, (v) disbursement accounts, (vi) accounts subject to cash pooling arrangements and (vii) 

zero balance accounts, and, in the case of clauses (i) through (vii), the funds or other property held in or maintained in any such account 
 (i) any assets in which a pledge of, or grant of security interest in, such assets would be prohibited by applicable law, rule or regulation or which would require governmental (including regulatory) consent, approval, license or authorization with respect to such pledge or grant, unless such consent, approval, license or authorization has been received 
 (j) any assets for which the title to such assets is governed by a certificate of title or certificate of ownership, including, without limitation, all motor vehicles (including, without limitation, all trucks, trailers, tractors, service vehicles, automobiles and other mobile equipment) for which the title to such motor vehicles is governed by a certificate of title or certificate of ownership 
 (k) any (i) margin stock (within the meaning of Regulation T, U or X of the Federal Reserve Board), (ii) Equity Interests in captive insurance subsidiaries, special purpose entities to the extent reasonably acceptable to the Administrative Agent (such acceptance not to be unreasonably withheld, delayed or conditioned) and not-for-profit subsidiaries, (iii) Equity Interests in, and assets of, Immaterial Subsidiaries and (iv) Equity Interests in any other Person (other than wholly-owned Subsidiaries) to the extent not permitted by the terms of such Person s organizational or joint venture documents (so long as such prohibition did not arise as part of the acquisition or formation thereof or in anticipation of the requirements under the Loan Documents) 
 (l) letter-of-credit rights (as defined in the UCC) (except to the extent a security interest therein can be perfected by the filing of financing statements under the UCC) 
 (m) those assets as to which the Administrative Agent and the Company reasonably agree that the cost of obtaining or perfecting such a security interest is excessive in relation to the benefit to the Secured Parties of the security to be afforded thereby 
 (n) any assets (other than Equity Interests) located or titled outside of the applicable Loan Party s jurisdiction of organization or assets (other than Equity Interests) that require action under the law of any jurisdiction other than the United States or any state thereof to create or perfect a security interest in such assets under such jurisdiction, including any intellectual property registered in any jurisdiction other than the United States or any state thereof 
 (o) any assets the granting of a security interest therein would result in material and adverse tax consequences (including, without limitation, as a result of the operation of Section 956 of the Code or any similar law or regulation in any applicable jurisdiction) as reasonably determined by the Company in good faith and in consultation with the Administrative Agent and 
 (p) any Unrestricted Subsidiary. 
 Excluded Subsidiary means (a) any FSHCO, (b) any Immaterial Subsidiary, (c) any Subsidiary that is prohibited, but only so long as such Subsidiary would be prohibited, by applicable law, rule or regulation or by any contractual obligation existing on (but not incurred in anticipation of) the date such Subsidiary is acquired or organized (as long as, in the case of an acquisition of a Subsidiary, such prohibition did not arise as part of such acquisition) from guaranteeing the Obligations or that would require governmental or regulatory consent, approval, license or authorization or the consent of a Person other than the Company or any direct or indirect subsidiary or direct or indirect parent entity thereof to provide a guarantee unless such consent, approval, license or authorization has been received, (d) special purpose entities to the extent reasonably acceptable to the Required Lenders (such acceptance not to be unreasonably withheld, delayed or conditioned), if any, (e) not-for-profit Subsidiaries, (f) captive insurance companies, (g) any Foreign Subsidiary, (h) any Unrestricted Subsidiary or (i) any Subsidiary with respect to which the Company and the Administrative Agent reasonably agree in writing that the cost or other consequences of guaranteeing the Obligations shall be excessive in view of the benefits to be obtained by the Lenders therefrom. Notwithstanding the foregoing, no Subsidiary shall constitute an 

Excluded Subsidiary if (either at the time of designation or thereafter) (x) the primary purpose of such designation is (A) to evade the collateral or guarantee requirements under the Loan Documents for such Subsidiary with no other justifiable business purpose, or (B) to raise (or to facilitate the raising of) capital for (or any parent of) the Company or any Restricted Subsidiary or Unrestricted Subsidiary or any parent of the foregoing or (y) such Subsidiary Guarantees or otherwise provides credit support for any Material Indebtedness or Subordinated Indebtedness of the Company or any Restricted Subsidiary or Unrestricted Subsidiary. 
 Excluded Swap Obligation means, with respect to any Loan Party, any Specified Swap Obligation if, and to the extent that, all or a portion of the Guarantee of such Loan Party of, or the grant by such Loan Party of a security interest to secure, such Specified Swap Obligation (or any Guarantee thereof) is or becomes illegal under the Commodity Exchange Act or any rule, regulation or order of the Commodity Futures Trading Commission (or the application or official interpretation of any thereof) by virtue of such Loan Party s failure for any reason to constitute an ECP at the time the Guarantee of such Loan Party or the grant of such security interest becomes effective with respect to such Specified Swap Obligation. If a Specified Swap Obligation arises under a master agreement governing more than one swap, such exclusion shall apply only to the portion of such Specified Swap Obligation that is attributable to swaps for which such Guarantee or security interest is or becomes illegal. 
 Excluded Taxes means any of the following Taxes imposed on or with respect to a Recipient or required to be withheld or deducted from a payment to a Recipient, (a) Taxes imposed on or measured by net income (however denominated), franchise Taxes, and branch profits Taxes, in each case, (i) imposed as a result of such Recipient being organized under the laws of, or having its principal office or, in the case of any Lender, its applicable lending office located in, the jurisdiction imposing such Tax (or any political subdivision thereof) or (ii) that are Other Connection Taxes, (b) in the case of a Lender, U.S. Federal withholding Taxes imposed on amounts payable to or for the account of such Lender with respect to an applicable interest in a Loan, Letter of Credit or Commitment pursuant to a law in effect on the date on which (i) such Lender acquires such interest in the Loan, Letter of Credit or Commitment (other than pursuant to an assignment request by any Borrower under Section 2.19(b)) or (ii) such Lender changes its lending office, except in each case to the extent that, pursuant to Section 2.17, amounts with respect to such Taxes were payable either to such Lender s assignor immediately before such Lender acquired the applicable interest in a Loan, Letter of Credit or Commitment or to such Lender immediately before it changed its lending office, (c) Taxes attributable to such Recipient s failure to comply with Section 2.17(f) and (d) any Taxes imposed under FATCA. 
 Existing Credit Agreement means that certain Credit Agreement, dated as of October 22, 2018, by and among the Company, the other borrowers from time to time party thereto, the lenders from time to time party thereto and PNC Bank, National Association, as administrative agent, as amended, supplemented or otherwise modified prior to the date hereof. 
 FATCA means Sections 1471 through 1474 of the Code, as of the date of this Agreement (or any amended or successor version that is substantively comparable and not materially more onerous to comply with), any current or future regulations or official interpretations thereof, any agreement entered into pursuant to Section 1471(b)(1) of the Code, and any fiscal or regulatory legislation, rules or practices adopted pursuant to any intergovernmental agreement, treaty or convention among Governmental Authorities and implementing any of the foregoing. 
 Federal Funds Effective Rate means, for any day, the rate calculated by the NYFRB based on such day s federal funds transactions by depository institutions, as determined in such manner as shall be set forth on the NYFRB s Website from time to time, and published on the next succeeding Business Day by the NYFRB as the effective federal funds rate provided that if the Federal Funds Effective Rate as so determined would be less than 0 , such rate shall be deemed to be 0 for the purposes of this Agreement. 
 Federal Reserve Board means the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System of the United States of America. 

Financial Officer means the chief financial officer, principal accounting officer, treasurer or controller or similar officer with equivalent duties of the Company. 
 Financials means the annual or quarterly financial statements, and accompanying certificates and other documents, of the Company and its Subsidiaries required to be delivered pursuant to Section 5.01(a) or 5.01(b). 
 First-Tier Foreign Subsidiary means each Foreign Subsidiary with respect to which any one or more of the Company and its Domestic Subsidiaries directly owns or Controls more than 50 of such Foreign Subsidiary s Equity Interests. 
 Fixed Charge Coverage Ratio means, for any period, the ratio of (a) the result of (i) Consolidated EBITDA for such period, minus (ii) the sum of (x) unfinanced Capital Expenditures made during such period (excluding expenditures representing the purchase price for any Permitted Acquisition or other investment permitted pursuant to Section 6.04(u)), plus (y) cash income taxes and cash tax distributions paid during such period, to (b) the sum of (i) all scheduled installments of principal of Indebtedness paid during such period (and, in the case of any revolving Indebtedness, to the extent there is an equivalent permanent reduction in the commitments thereunder), plus (ii) Consolidated Cash Interest Expense for such period, plus (iii) cash dividends or distributions paid, or the purchase, redemption or other acquisition or retirement for value (including in connection with any merger or consolidation) in respect of Equity Interests (other than dividends or distributions (A) paid by a Loan Party to any other Loan Party or (B) constituting tax distributions (including distributions made to fund obligations pursuant to the Tax Receivable Agreement)) during such period, all calculated for the Company and its Subsidiaries for such period in accordance with GAAP on a consolidated basis. 
 Flood Insurance Laws means, collectively, (i) the National Flood Insurance Act of 1968 as now or hereafter in effect or any successor statute thereto, (ii) the Flood Disaster Protection Act of 1973 as now or hereafter in effect or any successor statute thereto, (iii) the National Flood Insurance Reform Act of 1994 as now or hereafter in effect or any successor statute thereto and (iv) the Flood Insurance Reform Act of 2004 and the Biggert Waters Flood Insurance Reform Act of 2012, as now or hereafter in effect or any successor statute thereto, in each case, together with all statutory and regulatory provisions consolidating, amending, replacing, supplementing, implementing or interpreting any of the foregoing, as amended or modified from time to time. 
 Floor means the benchmark rate floor, if any, provided in this Agreement initially (as of the execution of this Agreement, the modification, amendment or renewal of this Agreement or otherwise) with respect to the Adjusted Term SOFR Rate, Adjusted EURIBOR Rate, CDOR Rate, HIBOR Rate, each Adjusted Daily Simple RFR or Central Bank Rate, as applicable. For the avoidance of doubt the initial Floor for each of Adjusted Term SOFR Rate, Adjusted EURIBOR Rate, CDOR Rate, HIBOR Rate, each Adjusted Daily Simple RFR or Central Bank Rate shall be 0 . 
 Foreign Currency means (i) Sterling, (ii) euros, (iii) Canadian Dollars, (iv) Hong Kong Dollars and (v) any additional currencies determined after the Effective Date by mutual agreement of the Company, each Revolving Lender, each Issuing Bank and the Administrative Agent provided that each such currency is a lawful currency that is readily available, freely transferable and not restricted and able to be converted into Dollars. 
 Foreign Currency Sublimit means an amount equal to the lesser of (a) 50,000,000 and (b) the total amount of the Revolving Commitments. The Foreign Currency Sublimit is part of, and not in addition to, the Revolving Commitments hereunder. 
 Foreign Lender means (a) if the applicable Borrower is a U.S. Person, a Lender, with respect to such Borrower, that is not a U.S. Person, and (b) if the applicable Borrower is not a U.S. Person, a Lender, with respect to such Borrower, that is resident or organized under the laws of a jurisdiction other than that in which such Borrower is resident for tax purposes. 
 Foreign Subsidiary means any Subsidiary that is not a Domestic Subsidiary. 

FSHCO means any Domestic Subsidiary that owns (directly or indirectly) no material assets other than Equity Interests (or Equity Interests and Indebtedness) of one or more CFCs. 
 Funko Holdings means Funko Holdings LLC, a Delaware limited liability company and direct wholly-owned Subsidiary of the Company. 
 Funko LLC Agreement means the Second Amended and Restated Limited Liability Company Agreement of the Company, dated as of November 1, 2017, and as amended by that certain Amendment No. 1 to the Second Amended and Restated Limited Liability Company Agreement of the Company, dated as of May 10, 2018. 
 Funko UK means Funko UK, Ltd., a private limited company formed under the laws of England and Wales, which is a wholly-owned Subsidiary of the Company. 
 Funko UK Lease Guarantees means the guarantees provided by Funko Holdings to secure the payment obligations of Funko UK under any real property leases. 
 GAAP means generally accepted accounting principles in the United States of America. 
 Governmental Authority means the government of the United States of America, any other nation or any political subdivision thereof, whether state or local, and any agency, authority, instrumentality, regulatory body, court, central bank or other entity exercising executive, legislative, judicial, taxing, regulatory or administrative powers or functions of or pertaining to government. 
 Guarantee of or by any Person (the guarantor means any obligation, contingent or otherwise, of the guarantor guaranteeing or having the economic effect of guaranteeing any Indebtedness or other obligation of any other Person (the primary obligor in any manner, whether directly or indirectly, and including any obligation of the guarantor, direct or indirect, (a) to purchase or pay (or advance or supply funds for the purchase or payment of) such Indebtedness or other obligation or to purchase (or to advance or supply funds for the purchase of) any security for the payment thereof, (b) to purchase or lease property, securities or services for the purpose of assuring the owner of such Indebtedness or other obligation of the payment thereof, (c) to maintain working capital, equity capital or any other financial statement condition or liquidity of the primary obligor so as to enable the primary obligor to pay such Indebtedness or other obligation or (d) as an account party in respect of any letter of credit or letter of guaranty issued to support such Indebtedness or obligation provided , that the term Guarantee shall not include endorsements for collection or deposit in the ordinary course of business. 
 Guaranteed Obligations has the meaning assigned to such term in Article X. 
 Hazardous Materials means all explosive or radioactive substances or wastes and all hazardous or toxic substances, wastes or other pollutants, including petroleum or petroleum distillates, asbestos or asbestos containing materials, polychlorinated biphenyls, radon gas, infectious or medical wastes and all other substances or wastes of any nature regulated pursuant to any Environmental Law. 
 HIBOR Interpolated Rate means, at any time, with respect to any Term Benchmark Borrowing denominated in Hong Kong Dollars and for any Interest Period, the rate per annum (rounded to the same number of decimal places as the HIBOR Screen Rate) determined by the Administrative Agent (which determination shall be conclusive and binding absent manifest error) to be equal to the rate that results from interpolating on a linear basis between (a) the HIBOR Screen Rate for the longest period (for which the HIBOR Screen Rate is available) that is shorter than the Impacted HIBOR Rate Interest Period and (b) the HIBOR Screen Rate for the shortest period (for which the HIBOR Screen Rate is available) that exceeds the Impacted HIBOR Rate Interest Period, in each case, at such time provided that, if any HIBOR Interpolated Rate shall be less than 0.00 , such rate shall be deemed to be 0.00 for the purposes of this Agreement. 
 HIBOR Rate means, with respect to any Term Benchmark Borrowing denominated in Hong Kong Dollars and for any Interest Period, the HIBOR Screen Rate at approximately 11 00 a.m., 

Hong Kong time, two Business Days prior to the commencement of such Interest Period provided that, if the HIBOR Screen Rate shall not be available at such time for such Interest Period (an Impacted HIBOR Rate Interest Period ), then the HIBOR Rate shall be the HIBOR Interpolated Rate. 
 HIBOR Screen Rate means, for any day and time, with respect to any Term Benchmark Borrowing denominated in Hong Kong Dollars and for any Interest Period, the percentage rate per annum for deposits in Hong Kong Dollars for a period beginning on the first day of such Interest Period and ending on the last day of such Interest Period, displayed under the heading HKAB HKD Interest Settlement Rates on the Reuters Screen HKABHIBOR Page (or, in the event such rate does not appear on such Reuters page, on any successor or substitute page on such screen that displays such rate, or on the appropriate page of such other information service that publishes such rate as selected by the Administrative Agent from time to time in its reasonable discretion). For the avoidance of doubt, if the HIBOR Screen Rate shall be less than zero, such rate shall be deemed to be zero for purposes of this Agreement. 
 Hong Kong Dollars means the lawful currency of the Hong Kong Special Administrative Region of the People s Republic of China. 
 Hostile Acquisition means (a) the acquisition of the Equity Interests of a Person through a tender offer or similar solicitation of the owners of such Equity Interests which has not been approved (prior to such acquisition) by the board of directors (or any other applicable governing body) of such Person or by similar action if such Person is not a corporation and (b) any such acquisition as to which such approval has been withdrawn. 
 Immaterial Subsidiary means any Subsidiary that is not a Material Subsidiary. 
 Impacted HIBOR Rate Interest Period has the meaning assigned to such term in the definition of HIBOR Rate. 
 Increasing Lender has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 2.20. 
 Incremental Term Loan Amendment has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 2.20. 
 Indebtedness of any Person means, without duplication, (a) all obligations of such Person for borrowed money or with respect to deposits or advances of any kind, (b) all obligations of such Person evidenced by bonds, debentures, notes or similar instruments, (c) all obligations of such Person upon which interest charges are customarily paid, (d) all obligations of such Person under conditional sale or other title retention agreements relating to property acquired by such Person but excluding operating leases, (e) all obligations of such Person in respect of the deferred purchase price of property or services (excluding current accounts payable incurred in the ordinary course of business and accrued salaries, vacation and employee benefits, including deferred compensation), (f) all Indebtedness of others secured by (or for which the holder of such Indebtedness has an existing right, contingent or otherwise, to be secured by) any Lien on property owned or acquired by such Person, whether or not the Indebtedness secured thereby has been assumed, provided that the amount of such Indebtedness which has not been assumed by such Person shall be the lesser of (i) the amount of such Indebtedness and (ii) the fair market value of such property at the date of determination of the amount of such Indebtedness, (g) all Guarantees by such Person of Indebtedness of others, (h) all Capital Lease Obligations of such Person, (i) all obligations, contingent or otherwise, of such Person as an account party in respect of letters of credit and letters of guaranty, less the amount of any cash collateral provided with respect to letters of credit pursuant to Section 2.24(c) , (j) all obligations, contingent or otherwise, of such Person in respect of bankers acceptances, (k) all obligations of such Person under any Swap Agreement or under any similar type of agreement (calculated after giving effect to any netting agreements) that such Person would be required to pay if such Swap Agreement or other agreement were terminated, (l) all Attributable Receivables Indebtedness of such Person, (m) all obligations of such Person under Sale and Leaseback Transactions, (n) obligations arising under or in respect of any Convertible Indebtedness, any Permitted Bond Hedge Transaction or Permitted Warrant Transaction and (o) Disqualified Equity Interests. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the obligations of the Company or any direct or indirect parent of the 

Company under any Permitted Warrant Transaction shall not constitute Indebtedness so long as the terms of such Permitted Warrant Transaction provide for net share settlement (or substantially equivalent term) as the default settlement method (or substantially equivalent term) thereunder. The Indebtedness of any Person shall include the Indebtedness of any other entity (including any partnership in which such Person is a general partner) to the extent such Person is liable therefor as a result of such Person s ownership interest in or other relationship with such entity, except to the extent the terms of such Indebtedness provide that such Person is not liable therefor but shall not include any Indebtedness of any direct or indirect parent entity appearing on the balance sheet of any Borrower solely by reason of push-down accounting. 
 Indemnified Taxes means (a) Taxes, other than Excluded Taxes, imposed on or with respect to any payment made by or on account of any obligation of any Loan Party under any Loan Document and (b) to the extent not otherwise described in clause (a) hereof, Other Taxes. 
 Ineligible Institution has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 9.04(b). 
 Intercompany Loan means that certain Loan Agreement, dated on or around October 22, 2018, as amended by that certain Amendment No. 1 to Loan Agreement, dated as of September 20, 2019 (as may be amended, restated, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time in accordance with Section 6.11) between Funko, LLC, as borrower, and Public Holdco, as lender. 
 Intercompany Subordination Agreement means an Intercompany Subordination Agreement made by the Loan Parties in favor of the Administrative Agent, for the benefit of the Secured Parties, in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent. 
 Interest Election Request means a request by the applicable Borrower to convert or continue a Borrowing in accordance with Section 2.08 in the form attached hereto as Exhibit H-2 or any other form approved by the Administrative Agent. 
 Interest Payment Date means (a) with respect to any ABR Loan (other than a Swingline Loan), any CBR Loan or any Canadian Prime Loan, the last day of each March, June, September and December and the Maturity Date, (b) with respect to any Term Benchmark Loan, the last day of the Interest Period applicable to the Borrowing of which such Loan is a part and, in the case of a Term Benchmark Borrowing with an Interest Period of more than three months duration, each day prior to the last day of such Interest Period that occurs at intervals of three months duration after the first day of such Interest Period and the Maturity Date, (c) with respect to any RFR Loan, (1) each date that is on the numerically corresponding day in each calendar month that is one month after the Borrowing of such Loan (or, if there is no such numerically corresponding day in such month, then the last day of such month) and (2) the Maturity Date, and (d) with respect to any Swingline Loan, the day that such Loan is required to be repaid and the Maturity Date. 
 Interest Period means with respect to any Term Benchmark Borrowing, the period commencing on the date of such Borrowing and ending on the numerically corresponding day in the calendar month that is one, three or six months (or, if agreed by each Lender for the applicable Class of Loans, 12 months) thereafter, as the applicable Borrower (or the Company on behalf of the applicable Borrower) may elect, in each case, subject to the availability for the Benchmark applicable to the relevant Loan or Commitment for any Agreed Currency provided , that (i) if any Interest Period would end on a day other than a Business Day, such Interest Period shall be extended to the next succeeding Business Day unless such next succeeding Business Day would fall in the next calendar month, in which case such Interest Period shall end on the next preceding Business Day, (ii) any Interest Period pertaining to a Term Benchmark Borrowing that commences on the last Business Day of a calendar month (or on a day for which there is no numerically corresponding day in the last calendar month of such Interest Period) shall end on the last Business Day of the last calendar month of such Interest Period and (iii) no tenor that has been removed from this definition pursuant to Section 2.14(e) shall be available for specification in such Borrowing Request or Interest Election Request. For purposes hereof, the date of a Borrowing initially shall be the date on which such Borrowing is made and thereafter shall be the effective date of the most recent conversion or continuation of such Borrowing. 

IRS means the United States Internal Revenue Service. 
 Issuing Bank means, individually and collectively as the context may require, (i) JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., in its capacity as an issuer of Letters of Credit hereunder and (ii) each other Lender that agrees to act as an Issuing Bank hereunder and that is approved by the Company and the Administrative Agent (in each case, through itself or through one of its designated affiliates or branch offices), in each case together with its successors in such capacity as provided in Section 2.06(i). Each Issuing Bank may, in its discretion, arrange for one or more Letters of Credit to be issued by Affiliates of such Issuing Bank, in which case the term Issuing Bank shall include any such Affiliate with respect to Letters of Credit issued by such Affiliate. Each reference herein to the Issuing Bank in connection with a Letter of Credit or other matter shall be deemed to be a reference to the relevant Issuing Bank with respect thereto. 
 Issuing Bank Sublimits means, as of the Effective Date, (i) 10,000,000 in the case of JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. and (ii) in the case of any other Issuing Bank, such amount as shall be designated to the Administrative Agent and the Company in writing by such Issuing Bank. After the Effective Date, any Issuing Bank shall be permitted at any time to (x) increase its Issuing Bank Sublimit or (y) decrease its Issuing Bank Sublimit to an amount not less than such Issuing Bank s initial Issuing Bank Sublimit, in each case, with the consent of the Company and upon providing five (5) days prior written notice (or such shorter period as the Administrative Agent shall agree) thereof to the Administrative Agent. After the Effective Date, any Issuing Bank shall be permitted to decrease its Issuing Bank Sublimit to an amount less than such Issuing Bank s initial Issuing Bank Sublimit with the consent of the Company, the Administrative Agent and each of the other Issuing Banks. 
 LC Collateral Account has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 2.06(j). 
 LC Disbursement means a payment made by an Issuing Bank pursuant to a Letter of Credit. 
 LC Exposure means, at any time, the sum of (a) the aggregate undrawn Dollar Amount of all outstanding Letters of Credit at such time plus (b) the aggregate Dollar Amount of all LC Disbursements that have not yet been reimbursed by or on behalf of the Company at such time. The LC Exposure of any Revolving Lender at any time shall be its Applicable Percentage of the total LC Exposure at such time. 
 Lead Arranger means each of JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., PNC Capital Markets LLC and Keybank National Association (together with its Affiliates) in its capacity as a joint lead arranger and joint bookrunner for the credit facilities evidenced by this Agreement. 
 Lender Parent means, with respect to any Lender, any Person as to which such Lender is, directly or indirectly, a subsidiary. 
 Lenders means the Persons listed on Schedule 2.01 and any other Person that shall have become a Lender hereunder pursuant to Section 2.20 or pursuant to an Assignment and Assumption or other documentation contemplated hereby, other than any such Person that ceases to be a party hereto pursuant to an Assignment and Assumption or other documentation contemplated hereby. Unless the context otherwise requires, the term Lenders includes the Swingline Lender and the Issuing Banks. 
 Letter of Credit means any letter of credit issued pursuant to this Agreement. 
 Liabilities means any losses, claims (including intraparty claims), demands, damages or liabilities of any kind. 
 Lien means, with respect to any asset, (a) any mortgage, deed of trust, lien, pledge, hypothecation, encumbrance, charge or security interest in, on or of such asset, (b) the interest of a vendor or a lessor under any conditional sale agreement, capital lease or title retention agreement (or any financing lease having substantially the same economic effect as any of the foregoing) relating to such asset and (c) in the case of securities, any purchase option, call or similar right of a third party with 

respect to such securities. For the avoidance of doubt, issuing or settling conversions of Convertible Indebtedness, Permitted Bond Hedge Transactions or Permitted Warrant Transactions will not be deemed to constitute a Lien. 
 Limited Condition Transaction means any Permitted Acquisition or other investment permitted hereunder that the Company or one or more of its Subsidiaries is contractually committed to consummate and whose consummation is not conditioned on the availability of, or on obtaining, third party financing. 
 Loan Documents means this Agreement, each Borrowing Subsidiary Agreement, each Borrowing Subsidiary Termination, the Subsidiary Guaranty, any promissory notes issued pursuant to Section 2.10(e), any Letter of Credit applications, the Collateral Documents and any and all other agreements, instruments, documents and certificates identified in Section 4.01 executed and delivered to, or in favor of, the Administrative Agent or any Lenders and including all other pledges, powers of attorney, consents, assignments, contracts, notices, letter of credit applications and any agreements between the Company and any Issuing Bank regarding such Issuing Bank s Issuing Bank Sublimit or the respective rights and obligations between the Company and such Issuing Bank in connection with the issuance of Letters of Credit, and all other written matter whether heretofore, now or hereafter executed by or on behalf of any Loan Party, or any employee of any Loan Party, and delivered to the Administrative Agent or any Lender in connection with this Agreement or the transactions contemplated hereby. Any reference in this Agreement or any other Loan Document to a Loan Document shall include all appendices, exhibits or schedules thereto, and all amendments, restatements, supplements or other modifications thereto, and shall refer to this Agreement or such Loan Document as the same may be in effect at any and all times such reference becomes operative. 
 Loan Parties means, collectively, the Borrowers and the Subsidiary Guarantors. 
 Loans means the loans made by the Lenders to the Borrowers pursuant to this Agreement. 
 Local Time means (i) New York City time in the case of a Loan, Borrowing or LC Disbursement denominated in Dollars and (ii) in the case of a Loan, Borrowing or LC Disbursement denominated in a Foreign Currency, local time for the principal financial center of such Foreign Currency as determined by the Administrative Agent (it being understood that such local time shall mean London, England time (in the case of Sterling), Toronto, Ontario time (in the case of Canadian Dollars), Frankfurt, Germany time (in the case of euro) and Hong Kong time (in the case of Hong Kong Dollars), unless otherwise notified by the Administrative Agent). 
 Material Acquisition means any Permitted Acquisition in respect of which the aggregate purchase consideration paid or payable (including without limitation, earnout or similar obligations, but excluding (A) consideration payable in shares constituting Qualified Equity Interests of the Company, and (B) any amount paid by the issuance of Qualified Equity Interests) for such Permitted Acquisition is equal to or greater than 200,000,000. 
 Material Adverse Effect means a material adverse effect on (a) the business, assets, operations or financial condition of the Company and the Subsidiaries taken as a whole, (b) the ability of the Borrowers or other Loan Parties, taken as a whole, to perform any of their obligations under this Agreement or any other Loan Document, (c) validity or enforceability of this Agreement or any other Loan Document or the rights or remedies of the Administrative Agent and the Lenders under this Agreement or any other Loan Document or (d) the Collateral, or the Administrative Agent s Liens (on behalf of itself and the Secured Parties) on the Collateral or the priority of such Liens, in each case, taken as a whole. 
 Material Contract means, with respect to any Person, each contract or agreement to which such Person is a party, in respect of which a breach or termination could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. 

Material Indebtedness means any Indebtedness (other than the Loans and Letters of Credit), or obligations in respect of one or more Swap Agreements, of any one or more of the Company and its Subsidiaries in an aggregate principal amount exceeding 15,000,000. For purposes of determining Material Indebtedness, the principal amount of the obligations of the Company or any Subsidiary in respect of any Swap Agreement at any time shall be the maximum aggregate amount (giving effect to any netting agreements) that the Company or such Subsidiary would be required to pay if such Swap Agreement were terminated at such time. 
 Material Real Property means any real property (wherever located) owned by a Loan Party in fee simple with a current value (determined by reference to either an appraisal (to the extent existing) or such Loan Party s good-faith estimate of the current value of such real property) in excess of 7,500,000. 
 Material Subsidiary means each Subsidiary which, as of the most recent fiscal quarter of the Company, for the period of four consecutive fiscal quarters then ended, for which financial statements have been delivered pursuant to Section 5.01(a) or (b) (or, if prior to the date of the delivery of the first financial statements to be delivered pursuant to Section 5.01(a) or (b), the most recent financial statements referred to in Section 3.04(a)) individually, (i) after the elimination of intercompany revenues and receipts, contributed greater than ten percent (10 of the Company s Consolidated EBITDA for such period or (ii) after the elimination of intercompany assets, contributed greater than ten percent (10 of the Company s Consolidated Total Assets as of such date provided that, if at any time after the elimination of intercompany revenues and receipts, the aggregate amount of the Company s Consolidated EBITDA or the Company s Consolidated Total Assets, in each case, attributable to Immaterial Subsidiaries exceeds fifteen ten percent 15 10 of the Company s Consolidated EBITDA for any such period or fifteen ten percent 15 10 of the Company s Consolidated Total Assets (in each case after giving effect to such exclusions) as of the end of any such fiscal quarter, then, in each case, the Company (or, in the event the Company has failed to do so within ten days after financial statements with respect to such fiscal quarter have been delivered pursuant to Section 5.01(a) or (b), the Administrative Agent) shall designate sufficient Domestic Subsidiaries (other than FSHCOs) as Material Subsidiaries to eliminate such excess, and such designated Subsidiaries shall for all purposes of this Agreement constitute Material Subsidiaries. 
 Maturity Date means September 17, 2026. 
 MIRE Event means, if there are any Mortgaged Properties at such time, any increase, extension or renewal of any of the Commitments or Loans (including an Incremental Term Loans or any other incremental credit facilities hereunder, but excluding (i) any continuation or conversion of Borrowings, (ii) the making of any Loan or (iii) the issuance or extension of Letters of Credit). 
 Moody s means Moody s Investors Service, Inc. 
 Mortgage means each mortgage, deed of trust or other agreement which conveys or evidences a Lien in favor of the Administrative Agent, for the benefit of the Administrative Agent and the Secured Parties, on real property of a Loan Party, including any amendment, restatement, modification or supplement thereto. 
 Mortgage Instruments means with respect to any Mortgage for a Material Real Property, an ALTA title insurance policy with an insured amount not to exceed the Fair Market Value of the Material Real Properties covered thereby and subject to any tie-in coverage available and otherwise in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent (with endorsements as the Administrative Agent may reasonably request to the extent available in the applicable jurisdiction), evidence of zoning compliance, property insurance, flood certifications and flood insurance (if applicable), customary opinions of counsel in the jurisdiction in which such Material Real Property is located, new or existing ALTA surveys in such form as shall be required by the title company to issue the so-called comprehensive and other survey-related endorsements and to remove the standard survey exceptions from the title policies and endorsements contemplated above (provided, however, that a survey shall not be required to the extent that the issuer of the applicable title insurance policy provides reasonable and customary survey-related coverages (including, without limitation, survey-related 

endorsements) in the applicable title insurance policy based on an existing survey and or such other documentation as may be reasonably satisfactory to the title insurer), appraisals, environmental assessments and reports and mortgage tax affidavits and similar declarations and other similar customary information and related certifications as are reasonably requested by, and in form and substance reasonably acceptable to, the Administrative Agent from time to time. 
 Mortgaged Property means, at any time, any Material Real Property that is subject to a Mortgage at such time. 
 Multiemployer Plan means a multiemployer plan as defined in Section 4001(a)(3) of ERISA. 
 Net Leverage Ratio means, on any date, the ratio of (a) the amount of Consolidated Funded Indebtedness as of such date minus Qualified Cash as of such date in an aggregate amount not to exceed 25,000,000 to (b) Consolidated EBITDA for the period of four consecutive fiscal quarters ended on or most recently prior to such date, all calculated for the Company and its Subsidiaries in accordance with GAAP on a consolidated basis. 
 Net Proceeds means, with respect to any event, (a) the cash proceeds received in respect of such event including (i) any cash received in respect of any non-cash proceeds (including any cash payments received by way of deferred payment of principal pursuant to a note or installment receivable or purchase price adjustment receivable or otherwise, but excluding any interest payments), but only as and when received, (ii) in the case of a casualty, insurance proceeds and (iii) in the case of a condemnation or similar event, condemnation awards and similar payments, net of (b) the sum of (i) all reasonable fees and out-of-pocket expenses paid to third parties (other than Affiliates) in connection with such event, (ii) in the case of a sale, transfer or other disposition of an asset (including pursuant to a Sale and Leaseback transaction or a casualty or a condemnation or similar proceeding), the amount of all payments required to be made as a result of such event to repay Indebtedness (other than Loans) secured by such asset or otherwise subject to mandatory prepayment as a result of such event and (iii) the amount of all taxes paid (or reasonably estimated to be payable) and the amount of any reserves established to fund contingent liabilities reasonably estimated to be payable, in each case during the year that such event occurred or the next succeeding year and that are directly attributable to such event (as determined reasonably and in good faith by a Financial Officer). 
 NYFRB means the Federal Reserve Bank of New York. 
 NYFRB s Website means the website of the NYFRB at http www.newyorkfed.org, or any successor source. 
 NYFRB Rate means, for any day, the greater of (a) the Federal Funds Effective Rate in effect on such day and (b) the Overnight Bank Funding Rate in effect on such day (or for any day that is not a Business Day, for the immediately preceding Business Day) provided that if none of such rates are published for any day that is a Business Day, the term NYFRB Rate means the rate for a federal funds transaction quoted at 11 00 a.m. on such day received by the Administrative Agent from a federal funds broker of recognized standing selected by it provided, further , that if any of the aforesaid rates as so determined be less than 0 , such rate shall be deemed to be 0 for purposes of this Agreement. 
 Obligations means all unpaid principal of and accrued and unpaid interest on the Loans, all LC Exposure, all accrued and unpaid fees and all expenses, reimbursements, indemnities and other obligations and indebtedness (including interest and fees accruing during the pendency of any bankruptcy, insolvency, receivership or other similar proceeding, regardless of whether allowed or allowable in such proceeding), obligations and liabilities of any of the Company and its Subsidiaries to any of the Lenders, the Administrative Agent, any Issuing Bank or any indemnified party, individually or collectively, existing on the Effective Date or arising thereafter, direct or indirect, joint or several, absolute or contingent, matured or unmatured, liquidated or unliquidated, secured or unsecured, arising by contract, operation of law or otherwise, arising or incurred under this Agreement or any of the other Loan Documents or to the Lenders or any of their Affiliates under any Swap Agreement or any Banking 

Services Agreement or in respect of any of the Loans made or reimbursement or other obligations incurred or any of the Letters of Credit or other instruments at any time evidencing any thereof. 
 OFAC means the Office of Foreign Assets Control of the U.S. Department of the Treasury. 
 Other Connection Taxes means, with respect to any Recipient, Taxes imposed as a result of a present or former connection between such Recipient and the jurisdiction imposing such Tax (other than connections arising from such Recipient having executed, delivered, become a party to, performed its obligations under, received payments under, received or perfected a security interest under, engaged in any other transaction pursuant to or enforced any Loan Document, or sold or assigned an interest in any Loan, Letter of Credit or Loan Document). 
 Other Taxes means all present or future stamp, court or documentary, intangible, recording, filing or similar Taxes that arise from any payment made under, from the execution, delivery, performance, enforcement or registration of, from the receipt or perfection of a security interest under, or otherwise with respect to, any Loan Document, except any such Taxes that are Other Connection Taxes imposed with respect to an assignment (other than an assignment made pursuant to Section 2.19). 
 Overnight Bank Funding Rate means, for any day, the rate comprised of both overnight federal funds and overnight eurodollar transactions denominated in Dollars by U.S. managed banking offices of depository institutions, as such composite rate shall be determined by the NYFRB as set forth on the NYFRB s Website from time to time, and published on the next succeeding Business Day by the NYFRB as an overnight bank funding rate. 
 Overnight Rate means, for any day, (a) with respect to any amount denominated in Dollars, the NYFRB Rate and (b) with respect to any amount denominated in a Foreign Currency, an overnight rate determined by the Administrative Agent or the Issuing Banks, as the case may be, in accordance with banking industry rules on interbank compensation. 
 Participant has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 9.04(c). 
 Participant Register has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 9.04(c). 
 Participating Member State means any member state of the European Union that adopts or has adopted the euro as its lawful currency in accordance with legislation of the European Union relating to economic and monetary union. 
 Patriot Act means the USA PATRIOT Act (Title III of Pub. L. 107-56 (signed into law October 26, 2001)). 
 Payment has the meaning assigned to it in Section 8.06(c). 
 Payment Notice has the meaning assigned to it in Section 8.06(c). 
 PBGC means the Pension Benefit Guaranty Corporation referred to and defined in ERISA and any successor entity performing similar functions. 
 Permitted Acquisition means any acquisition (whether by purchase, merger, consolidation or otherwise but excluding in any event a Hostile Acquisition) or series of related acquisitions by the Company or any Subsidiary of (i) all or substantially all the assets of a Person or division or line of business of a Person or (ii) all or substantially all the Equity Interests of a Person entitled to vote in the election of the board of directors (or any other applicable governing body) of such Person (each, an Acquisition ), in each case if, at the time of and immediately after giving effect (including giving effect on a pro forma basis) thereto and any Indebtedness incurred or assumed in connection therewith 

(a) (i) no Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing or would result from the consummation of the proposed Acquisition and (ii) no Covenant Relief Period is in effect at such time 
 (b) the Company has provided the Administrative Agent, promptly following the closing and consummation of such Acquisition, with copies of the final executed acquisition agreement and related material documents 
 (c) (i) the Company and the Subsidiaries are in compliance, on a pro forma basis after giving effect to such acquisition and any Indebtedness incurred or assumed in connection therewith, with the covenants contained in Section 6.10 (giving effect to any Acquisition Holiday in effect at such time) recomputed as of the last day of the most recently ended fiscal quarter of the Company for which financial statements have been delivered pursuant to Section 5.01(a) or (b) (or, if prior to the date of the delivery of the first financial statements to be delivered pursuant to Section 5.01(a) or (b), the most recent financial statements referred to in Section 3.04(a)), as if such acquisition (and any related incurrence or repayment of Indebtedness, with any new Indebtedness being deemed to be amortized over the applicable testing period in accordance with its terms) had occurred on the first day of each relevant period for testing such compliance and (ii) if the aggregate consideration paid in respect of such acquisition exceeds 50,000,000, the Company shall have delivered to the Administrative Agent a certificate of a Financial Officer of the Company to such effect, together with all relevant financial information, statements and projections requested by the Administrative Agent and 
 (d) the Person to be acquired (or the business represented by the assets to be acquired) is (i) engaged in a business principally located in the United States and permitted to be engaged in by the Loan Parties pursuant to Section 6.03(b) and is joined as a Loan Party pursuant to Section 5.09 within the time periods set forth therein or (ii) a Foreign Subsidiary and the aggregate purchase consideration paid or payable (including without limitation, earnout or similar obligations, but excluding (A) consideration payable in shares constituting Qualified Equity Interests of the Company, and (B) any amount paid by the issuance of Qualified Equity Interests) in respect of all such Permitted Acquisitions under this clause (d)(ii) shall not exceed 200,000,000 in the aggregate during the term of this Agreement. 
 Permitted Bond Hedge Transaction means any call or capped call option (or substantively equivalent derivative transaction) on the Company s or any direct or indirect parent of the Company s common equity (or other Qualified Equity Interests of any Person following a merger event or other change of the capital stock of the Company or such direct or indirect parent of the Company) purchased by the Company or any direct or indirect parent of the Company in connection with the issuance of any Convertible Indebtedness the purpose of which is to mitigate dilution upon conversion of such Convertible Indebtedness provided that the purchase price for such Permitted Bond Hedge Transaction, less the proceeds received by the Company or any direct or indirect parent of the Company from the sale of any related Permitted Warrant Transaction, does not exceed the net proceeds received by the Company or any direct or indirect parent of the Company from the sale of such Convertible Indebtedness issued in connection with the Permitted Bond Hedge Transaction. 
 Permitted Encumbrances means 
 (a) Liens imposed by law for Taxes that are not yet due or are being contested in compliance with Section 5.04 
 (b) carriers , warehousemen s, mechanics , materialmen s, repairmen s and other like Liens imposed by law, arising in the ordinary course of business and securing obligations that are not overdue by more than thirty (30) days or are being contested in compliance with Section 5.04 
 (c) pledges and deposits made in the ordinary course of business in compliance with workers compensation, unemployment insurance and other social security laws or regulations 

(d) pledges and deposits to secure the performance of bids, trade contracts, leases, statutory obligations, surety and appeal bonds, performance bonds and other obligations of a like nature, in each case in the ordinary course of business 
 (e) judgment Liens in respect of judgments that do not constitute an Event of Default under clause (k) of Section 7.01 
 (f) easements, zoning restrictions, rights-of-way, covenants, restrictions, minor defects or irregularities in title, building codes, survey exceptions, ground leases, easements, servitudes, sewers, electric lines, drains, telegraph and telephone and cable television lines, gas and oil pipelines and other similar purposes, leases, subleases, licenses, licenses, sublicenses, occupancy agreements, and similar encumbrances on real property imposed by law or arising in the ordinary course of business that do not secure any monetary obligations and do not materially detract from the value of the affected property or interfere with the ordinary conduct of business of the Company or any Subsidiary 
 (g) security given to a public utility or any municipality or Governmental Authority when required by such utility or authority in connection with the operations of that Person in the ordinary course of business 
 (h) zoning by-laws and other land use restrictions, including, without limitation, site plan agreements, development agreements and contract zoning agreements 
 (i) leasehold interests of lessors created in connection with any Sale and Leaseback Transaction 
 (j) Liens on insurance policies and the proceeds thereof securing Indebtedness representing installment insurance premiums owing in the ordinary course of business 
 (k) Liens in favor of customs and revenue authorities arising as a matter of law to secure payment of customs duties in connection with the importation of goods in the ordinary course of business 
 (l) Liens in connection with the sale or transfer of any assets in a transaction permitted under Section 6.03 and customary rights and restrictions contained in agreements relating to such sale or transfer pending the completion thereof 
 (m) Liens on securities that are subject to repurchase agreements permitted by clause (d) of the definition of Permitted Investments 
 (n) licenses, sublicenses, leases or subleases granted to other Persons permitted under Section 6.03 
 (o) any interest or title of a lessor under any operating lease or operating sublease entered into by the Company or any Subsidiary in the ordinary course of its business and other statutory and common law landlords liens under leases 
 (p) Liens in favor of a banking or other financial institution arising as a matter of law or in the ordinary course of business under customary general terms and conditions encumbering deposits or other funds maintained with a financial institution (including the right of set-off) and that are within the general parameters customary in the banking industry or arising pursuant to such banking institution s general terms and conditions and 
 (q) contractual rights of setoff in favor of vendors and customers arising in the ordinary course of business 
 provided that the term Permitted Encumbrances shall not include any Lien securing Indebtedness. 
 Permitted Holder means ACON Equity TCG Capital Management, L.L.C. LP , a Delaware limited liability company, ACON Equity GenPar, L.L.C., a Delaware limited liability 

company partnership, and any other entity owned or controlled by one or more of the managing members or managers of ACON Equity TCG Capital Management, L.L.C. or ACON Equity GenPar, L.L.C. LP on the Amendment No. 3 Effective Date ACON TCG ), which are Affiliates and Related Funds that are equity funds to the extent such Persons are controlled, directly or indirectly, by ACON TCG by way of ownership or general partner or managing member or manager relationship. 
 Permitted Investments means 
 (a) direct obligations of, or obligations the principal of and interest on which are unconditionally guaranteed by, the United States of America (or by any agency thereof to the extent such obligations are backed by the full faith and credit of the United States of America), in each case maturing within one year from the date of acquisition thereof 
 (b) investments in commercial paper maturing within 270 days from the date of acquisition thereof and having, at such date of acquisition, the highest credit rating obtainable from S&P or from Moody s 
 (c) investments in certificates of deposit, banker s acceptances and time deposits maturing within 180 days from the date of acquisition thereof issued or guaranteed by or placed with, and money market deposit accounts issued or offered by, any domestic office of any commercial bank organized under the laws of the United States of America or any State thereof which has a combined capital and surplus and undivided profits of not less than 500,000,000 
 (d) cash and demand deposits maintained with (i) any Lender or (ii) with the domestic office of any commercial bank organized under the laws of the United States of America or any State which has a combined capital and surplus and undivided profits of not less than 500,000,000 
 (e) fully collateralized repurchase agreements with a term of not more than 30 days for securities described in clause (a) above and entered into with a financial institution satisfying the criteria described in clause (c) above 
 (f) money market funds that (i) comply with the criteria set forth in Securities and Exchange Commission Rule 2a-7 under the Investment Company Act of 1940, (ii) are rated AAA by S&P and Aaa by Moody s and (iii) have portfolio assets of at least 5,000,000,000 
 (g) instruments equivalent to those referred to in clauses (a) through (f) above denominated in other currencies and comparable in credit quality and tenor to those referred to above and customarily used for short and medium term investment purposes in jurisdictions outside the United States to the extent reasonably required in connection with any business conducted by any Foreign Subsidiary in such jurisdictions 
 (h) in the case of investments by a Foreign Subsidiary, investments and instruments corresponding to and with equivalent quality to investments and instruments described in the foregoing clauses (a) through (g) available in or guaranteed by the equivalent Governmental Authorities in the country in which such Foreign Subsidiary is located and 
 (i) other investments permitted by the Company s investment policy as adopted by its Board of Directors as in effect on the Effective Date, as amended, restated, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time. 
 Permitted Receivables Facility means a receivables facility or facilities created under the Permitted Receivables Facility Documents, providing for the sale, transfer and or pledge by the Company and or one or more other Receivables Sellers of Permitted Receivables Facility Assets (thereby providing financing to the Company and the Receivables Sellers) to a Receivables Entity (either directly or through another Receivables Seller), which in turn shall sell, transfer and or pledge interests in the respective Permitted Receivables Facility Assets to third-party lenders or investors pursuant to the Permitted Receivables Facility Documents (with the Receivables Entity permitted to issue or convey 

purchaser interests, investor certificates, purchased interest certificates or other similar documentation evidencing interests in the Permitted Receivables Facility Assets) in return for the cash used by such Receivables Entity to acquire the Permitted Receivables Facility Assets from the Company and or the respective Receivables Sellers, in each case as more fully set forth in the Permitted Receivables Facility Documents. 
 Permitted Receivables Facility Assets means Receivables (whether now existing or arising in the future) of the Receivables Sellers which are transferred, sold and or pledged to a Receivables Entity pursuant to a Permitted Receivables Facility and any related Permitted Receivables Related Assets which are also so transferred, sold and or pledged to a Receivables Entity and all proceeds thereof. 
 Permitted Receivables Facility Documents means each of the documents and agreements entered into in connection with any Permitted Receivables Facility, including all documents and agreements relating to the issuance, funding and or purchase of certificates and purchased interests or the incurrence of loans, as applicable, in each case, which are consistent with Standard Securitization Undertakings, and, in each case, as such documents and agreements may be amended, modified, supplemented, refinanced or replaced from time to time so long as any such amendments, modifications, supplements, refinancings or replacements are (i) consistent with Standard Securitization Undertakings and (ii) not adverse in any material respect to the interests of the Lenders unless otherwise consented to by the Administrative Agent. 
 Permitted Receivables Related Assets means any assets that are customarily sold, transferred and or pledged or in respect of which security interests are customarily granted in connection with asset securitization transactions involving receivables similar to Receivables and any collections or proceeds of any of the foregoing (including, without limitation, lock-boxes, deposit accounts, records in respect of Receivables and collections in respect of Receivables). 
 Permitted Unsecured Indebtedness means Indebtedness (including subordinated Indebtedness the payment of which is subordinated to the payment of the obligations of the Company and the Subsidiaries, as applicable, under the Loan Documents pursuant to documentation, and subject to terms and conditions, acceptable to the Administrative Agent in its discretion) of the Company or any Subsidiary provided that (a) both immediately prior to and after giving effect (including pro forma effect) thereto, no Event of Default shall exist or would result therefrom, (b) (i) the Company and the Subsidiaries are in compliance, on a pro forma basis after giving effect to the incurrence of such Indebtedness, with the covenants contained in Section 6.10 (giving effect to any Acquisition Holiday in effect at such time) recomputed as of the last day of the most recently ended fiscal quarter of the Company for which financial statements have been delivered pursuant to Section 5.01(a) or (b) (or, if prior to the date of the delivery of the first financial statements to be delivered pursuant to Section 5.01(a) or (b), the most recent financial statements referred to in Section 3.04(a)), as if such Indebtedness had been incurred on the first day of each relevant period for testing such compliance and (ii) if the aggregate principal amount of such Indebtedness exceeds 50,000,000, the Company shall have delivered to the Administrative Agent a certificate of a Financial Officer of the Company to such effect, together with all relevant financial information, statements and projections requested by the Administrative Agent, (c) (i) such Indebtedness is not secured by any collateral (including the Collateral), nor is any Guarantee thereof secured by any collateral (including the Collateral), and (ii) any Guarantees by any Loan Party of Permitted Unsecured Indebtedness of any non-Loan Party are permitted under Section 6.04(c), (d) such Indebtedness matures after, and does not require any scheduled amortization or other scheduled payments of principal prior to, the date that is 91 days after the Maturity Date (it being understood that any provision requiring a mandatory offer to purchase such Indebtedness as a result of change of control, optional, call provisions that the Company may exercise, fundamental change, customary asset sale or event of loss shall not violate the foregoing restriction), (e) that contains covenants, events of default, guarantees and other terms that are customary for similar Indebtedness in light of then-prevailing market conditions (it being understood and agreed that such Indebtedness shall not include any financial maintenance covenants and that applicable negative covenants shall be incurrence-based to the extent customary for similar Indebtedness) and, when taken as a whole (other than interest rates, rate floors, fees and optional prepayment or redemption terms), are not more favorable (as reasonably determined by the Company in good faith) in any material respect to the lenders or investors providing such Permitted 

Unsecured Indebtedness, as the case may be, than those set forth in the Loan Documents are with respect to the Lenders (other than covenants or other provisions applicable only to periods after the Maturity Date then in effect) provided that a certificate of a Financial Officer of the Company delivered to the Administrative Agent at least five (5) Business Days prior to the incurrence of such Indebtedness or the modification, refinancing, refunding, renewal or extension thereof (or such shorter period of time as may reasonably be agreed by the Administrative Agent), together with a reasonably detailed description of the material terms and conditions of such resulting Indebtedness or drafts of the material definitive documentation relating thereto, stating that the Company has determined in good faith that such terms and conditions satisfy the foregoing requirements shall be conclusive, and (f) the proceeds of which, substantially concurrently with the incurrence thereof, are applied to the repayment or prepayment of the Loans to the extent required and in accordance with the terms of Sections 2.11(c) and (d). 
 Permitted Warrant Transaction means any call option, warrant or right to purchase (or substantively equivalent derivative transaction) on the Company s or any direct or indirect parent of the Company s common equity (or other Qualified Equity Interests of any Person following a merger event or other change of the capital stock of the Company or such direct or indirect parent of the Company) sold by the Company or any direct or indirect parent of the Company substantially concurrently with any purchase by the Company or any direct or indirect parent of the Company of a related Permitted Bond Hedge Transaction, the purpose of which is to mitigate dilution upon conversion of such Convertible Indebtedness. 
 Person means any natural person, corporation, limited liability company, trust, joint venture, association, company, partnership, Governmental Authority or other entity. 
 Plan means any employee pension benefit plan (other than a Multiemployer Plan) subject to the provisions of Title IV of ERISA or Section 412 of the Code or Section 302 of ERISA, and in respect of which the Company or any ERISA Affiliate is (or, if such plan were terminated, would under Section 4069 of ERISA be deemed to be) an employer as defined in Section 3(5) of ERISA. 
 Plan Asset Regulations means 29 CFR 2510.3-101 et seq., as modified by Section 3(42) of ERISA, as amended from time to time. 
 Pledge Agreements means, collectively, any pledge agreements, share mortgages, charges and comparable instruments and documents from time to time executed pursuant to the terms of Section 5.09 in favor of the Administrative Agent for the benefit of the Secured Parties, in each case, as amended, restated, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time. 
 Pledge Subsidiary means (i) each Domestic Subsidiary and (ii) each First-Tier Foreign Subsidiary that is a Material Subsidiary. 
 Prepayment Event means 
 (a) any sale, transfer or other disposition (including pursuant to a sale and leaseback transaction) of any property or asset of the Company or any Subsidiary, other than dispositions described in Section 6.03(a)(iii), (iv), (v), (vi) and (vii), resulting in Net Proceeds in an aggregate principal amount in excess of 2,500,000 during any fiscal year of the Company or provided that, during the Covenant Relief Period, the foregoing dollar limitation shall not apply and any sale, transfer or other disposition described in this clause (a) shall constitute a Prepayment Event or 
 (b) any casualty or other insured damage to (other than the proceeds of any business interruption insurance), or any taking under power of eminent domain or by condemnation or similar proceeding of, any property or asset of the Company or any Subsidiary resulting in Net Proceeds in an aggregate principal amount in excess of 2,000,000 during any fiscal year of the Company . provided that, during the Covenant Relief Period, the foregoing dollar limitation shall not apply and any casualty or other insured damage or any taking under power of eminent domain or by condemnation or similar proceeding described in this clause (b) shall constitute a Prepayment Event. 

Prime Rate means the rate of interest last quoted by The Wall Street Journal as the Prime Rate in the U.S. or, if The Wall Street Journal ceases to quote such rate, the highest per annum interest rate published by the Federal Reserve Board in Federal Reserve Statistical Release H.15 (519) (Selected Interest Rates) as the bank prime loan rate or, if such rate is no longer quoted therein, any similar rate quoted therein (as determined by the Administrative Agent) or any similar release by the Federal Reserve Board (as determined by the Administrative Agent). Each change in the Prime Rate shall be effective from and including the date such change is publicly announced or quoted as being effective. 
 Pro Forma EBITDA means, with respect to any assets acquired in a Permitted Acquisition, the amount of such assets Consolidated EBITDA for the most recent trailing twelve (12) month period ending as of the last day of the month preceding the closing of the respective Permitted Acquisition for which financial statements are available, adjusted as provided herein. Such amount shall be determined by the Company and shall be subject to the consent of, (x) if, a quality of earnings report is prepared in accordance with generally accepted standards by a nationally recognized certified public accounting firm, the Administrative Agent (such consent not to be unreasonably withheld or delayed) or (y) if there is no such quality of earnings report, the Administrative Agent acting in good faith (such consent not to be unreasonably withheld or delayed), based upon and derived from financial information delivered to the Agents prior to the consummation of such Permitted Acquisition (Pro Forma EBITDA for such assets acquired in such Permitted Acquisition as calculated and consented to as of such closing being referred to as the Initial Pro Forma EBITDA ). After the closing of such Permitted Acquisition and unless otherwise agreed by the Administrative Agent and the Company, Pro Forma EBITDA with respect thereto shall equal Initial Pro Forma EBITDA multiplied by a fraction the numerator of which is 365 minus the number of days after the closing of the Permitted Acquisition included in any period for which financial statements have been delivered and the denominator of which is 365. 
 Proceeding means any claim, litigation, investigation, action, suit, arbitration or administrative, judicial or regulatory action or proceeding in any jurisdiction. 
 PTE means a prohibited transaction class exemption issued by the U.S. Department of Labor, as any such exemption may be amended from time to time. 
 Public Company Expenses means expenses incurred in connection with (a) compliance with the requirements of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, the Securities Act of 1933 and the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder, as applicable to companies with equity or debt securities held by the public, or the rules of national securities exchanges applicable to companies with listed equity or debt securities, and (b) any other expenses attributable to the status of Public Holdco as a public company and the holding company of the Company and its Subsidiaries, including expenses relating to investor relations, shareholder meetings and reports to shareholders or debtholders, directors fees, directors and officer s insurance and other executive costs, legal, audit and other professional fees and listing and filing fees. 
 Public Holdco means Funko, Inc., a Delaware corporation. 
 QFC has the meaning assigned to the term qualified financial contract in, and shall be interpreted in accordance with, 12 U.S.C. 5390(c)(8)(D). 
 QFC Credit Support has the meaning assigned to it in Section 9.19. 
 Qualified Cash means, as of any date of determination, the amount of unrestricted cash and Permitted Investments of a Loan Party that is held in a deposit account maintained in the United States. 
 Qualified ECP Guarantor means, in respect of any Swap Obligation, each Loan Party that has total assets exceeding 10,000,000 at the time the relevant Guarantee or grant of the relevant security interest becomes effective with respect to such Swap Obligation or such other Person that constitutes an ECP and can cause another person to qualify as an eligible contract participant at such time by entering into a keepwell under Section 1a(18)(A)(v)(II) of the Commodity Exchange Act. 

Qualified Equity Interests means, with respect to any Person, all Equity Interests of such Person that are not Disqualified Equity Interests provided that, for the avoidance of doubt, common equity shall be deemed Qualified Equity Interests. 
 Receivables means any right to payment created by or arising from sales of goods, leases of goods or the rendition of services rendered no matter how evidenced whether or not earned by performance (whether constituting accounts, general intangibles, chattel paper or otherwise). 
 Receivables Entity means a wholly-owned Subsidiary of the Company which engages in no activities other than in connection with the financing of accounts receivable of the Receivables Sellers and which is designated (as provided below) as a Receivables Entity (a) no portion of the Indebtedness or any other obligations (contingent or otherwise) of which (i) is guaranteed by the Company or any other Subsidiary of the Company (other than pursuant to Standard Securitization Undertakings), (ii) is recourse to or obligates the Company or any other Subsidiary of the Company in any way (other than pursuant to Standard Securitization Undertakings) or (iii) subjects any property or asset of the Company or any other Subsidiary of the Company, directly or indirectly, contingently or otherwise, to the satisfaction thereof, other than pursuant to Standard Securitization Undertakings, (b) with which neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries has any contract, agreement, arrangement or understanding (other than pursuant to the Permitted Receivables Facility Documents (including with respect to fees payable in the ordinary course of business in connection with the servicing of accounts receivable and related assets)) on terms less favorable to the Company or such Subsidiary than those that might be obtained at the time from persons that are not Affiliates of the Company, and (c) to which neither the Company nor any other Subsidiary of the Company has any obligation to maintain or preserve such entity s financial condition or cause such entity to achieve certain levels of operating results (other than pursuant to Standard Securitization Undertakings). 
 Receivables Sellers means the Company and those Subsidiaries that are from time to time party to the Permitted Receivables Facility Documents (other than any Receivables Entity). 
 Recipient means (a) the Administrative Agent, (b) any Lender and (c) the Issuing Bank, as applicable. 
 Reference Time with respect to any setting of the then-current Benchmark means (1) if such Benchmark is the Term SOFR Rate, 5 00 a.m. (Chicago time) on the day that is two U.S. Government Securities Business Days preceding the date of such setting, (2) if such Benchmark is EURIBOR Rate, 11 00 a.m. Brussels time two TARGET Days preceding the date of such setting, (3) if the RFR for such Benchmark is SONIA, then four RFR Business Days prior to such setting, (4) if the RFR for such Benchmark is Daily Simple SOFR, then four RFR Business Days prior to such setting, (5) if such Benchmark is the CDOR Rate, 10 15 a.m. (Toronto, Ontario time), on the date of such setting, and (6) if such Benchmark is none of the Term SOFR Rate, SONIA, the EURIBOR Rate, the CDOR Rate or Daily Simple SOFR, the time determined by the Administrative Agent in its reasonable discretion. 
 Register has the meaning set forth in Section 9.04. 
 Registration Rights Agreement means a Registration Rights Agreement by and among Public Holdco and the Original Equity Owner Parties (as defined therein) dated November 1, 2017 and as amended, restated, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time. 
 Reinvestment Eligible Funds has the meaning set forth in Section 2.11(c). 
 Related Parties means, with respect to any specified Person, such Person s Affiliates and the respective directors, officers, employees, agents, advisors and representatives of such Person and such Person s Affiliates. 
 Relevant Governmental Body means (i) with respect to a Benchmark Replacement in respect of Loans denominated in Dollars, the Federal Reserve Board and or the NYFRB, or a committee officially endorsed or convened by the Federal Reserve Board and or the NYFRB or, in each case, any successor thereto, (ii) with respect to a Benchmark Replacement in respect of Loans denominated in euro, 

the European Central Bank, or a committee officially endorsed or convened by the European Central Bank or, in each case, any successor thereto, (iii) with respect to a Benchmark Replacement in respect of Loans denominated in Sterling, the Bank of England, or a committee officially endorsed or convened by the Bank of England or, in each case, any successor thereto and (iv) with respect to a Benchmark Replacement in respect of Loans denominated in any other Agreed Currency, (a) the central bank for the currency in which such Benchmark Replacement is denominated or any central bank or other supervisor which is responsible for supervising either (1) such Benchmark Replacement or (2) the administrator of such Benchmark Replacement or (b) any working group or committee officially endorsed or convened by (1) the central bank for the currency in which such Benchmark Replacement is denominated, (2) any central bank or other supervisor that is responsible for supervising either (A) such Benchmark Replacement or (B) the administrator of such Benchmark Replacement, (3) a group of those central banks or other supervisors or (4) the Financial Stability Board or any part thereof. 
 Relevant Rate means (i) with respect to any Term Benchmark Borrowing denominated in Dollars, the Adjusted Term SOFR Rate, (ii) with respect to any Term Benchmark Borrowing denominated in euro, the Adjusted EURIBOR Rate, (iii) with respect to any Borrowing denominated in Sterling, the applicable Adjusted Daily Simple RFR, (iv) with respect to any Term Benchmark Borrowing denominated in Canadian Dollars, the CDOR Rate, (v) with respect to any Term Benchmark Borrowing denominated in Hong Kong Dollars, the HIBOR Rate or (vi) with respect to any RFR Borrowing denominated in Dollars, the applicable Adjusted Daily Simple RFR, as applicable. 
 Relevant Screen Rate means (i) with respect to any Term Benchmark Borrowing denominated in Dollars, the Term SOFR Reference Rate, (ii) with respect to any Term Benchmark Borrowing denominated in euro, the EURIBOR Screen Rate, (iii) with respect to any Term Benchmark Borrowing denominated in Canadian Dollars, the CDOR Screen Rate or (iv) with respect to any Term Benchmark Borrowing denominated in Hong Kong Dollars, the HIBOR Screen Rate. 
 Required Lenders means, subject to Section 2.24, (a) at any time prior to the earlier of the Loans becoming due and payable pursuant to Section 7.01 or the Commitments terminating or expiring, Lenders having Credit Exposures and unused Commitments representing more than 50 of the sum of the Total Credit Exposures and unused Commitments at such time (provided that, solely for purposes of declaring the Loans to be due and payable pursuant to Section 7.01, the unused Commitment of each Lender shall be deemed to be zero), and (b) for all purposes after the Loans become due and payable pursuant to Section 7.01 or the Commitments expire or terminate, Lenders having Credit Exposures representing more than 50 of the sum of the Total Credit Exposures at such time provided that, in the case of clauses (a) and (b) above, (x) the Revolving Credit Exposure of any Lender that is a Swingline Lender shall be deemed to exclude any amount of its Swingline Exposure in excess of its Applicable Percentage of all outstanding Swingline Loans, adjusted to give effect to any reallocation under Section 2.24 of the Swingline Exposures of Defaulting Lenders in effect at such time, and the Unfunded Commitment of such Lender shall be determined on the basis of its Revolving Credit Exposure excluding such excess amount and (y) for the purpose of determining the Required Lenders needed for any waiver, amendment, modification or consent of or under this Agreement or any other Loan Document, any Lender that is the Borrower or an Affiliate of the Borrower shall be disregarded. 
 Required Revolving Lenders means, subject to Section 2.24, (a) at any time prior to the earlier of the Revolving Loans becoming due and payable pursuant to Section 7.01 or the Revolving Commitments terminating or expiring, Lenders having Revolving Credit Exposures and Unfunded Commitments representing more than 50 of the sum of the aggregate Revolving Credit Exposures and the aggregate Unfunded Commitments at such time, and (b) for all purposes after the Revolving Loans become due and payable pursuant to Section 7.01 or the Revolving Commitments expire or terminate, Lenders having Revolving Credit Exposures representing more than 50 of the sum of the aggregate Revolving Credit Exposures at such time provided that, in the case of clauses (a) and (b) above, the Revolving Credit Exposure of any Lender that is a Swingline Lender shall be deemed to exclude any amount of its Swingline Exposure in excess of its Applicable Percentage of all outstanding Swingline Loans, adjusted to give effect to any reallocation under Section 2.24 of the Swingline Exposures of Defaulting Lenders in effect at such time, and the Unfunded Commitment of such Lender shall be determined on the basis of its Revolving Credit Exposure excluding such excess amount. 

Resolution Authority means an EEA Resolution Authority or, with respect to any UK Financial Institution, a UK Resolution Authority. 
 Responsible Officer means the President, Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer, Chief Operating Officer, Vice President, Treasurer or General Counsel or any similar title of the applicable Loan Party. 
 Restricted Payment means any dividend or other distribution (whether in cash, securities or other property) with respect to any Equity Interests in the Company or any Subsidiary, or any payment (whether in cash, securities or other property), including any sinking fund or similar deposit, on account of the purchase, redemption, retirement, acquisition, cancellation or termination of any such Equity Interests in the Company or any Subsidiary or any option, warrant or other right to acquire any such Equity Interests in the Company or any Subsidiary. 
 Restricted Subsidiary means any Subsidiary of a Person other than an Unrestricted Subsidiary of such Person. Unless otherwise indicated in this Agreement, all references to Restricted Subsidiaries shall mean Restricted Subsidiaries of the Company. 
 Reuters means, as applicable, Thomson Reuters Corp., Refinitiv, or any successor thereto. 
 Revaluation Date shall mean (a) with respect to any Loan denominated in any Foreign Currency, each of the following (i) the date of the Borrowing of such Loan and (ii) (A) with respect to any Term Benchmark Loan, each date of a conversion into or continuation of such Loan pursuant to the terms of this Agreement and (B) with respect to any RFR Loan, each date that is on the numerically corresponding day in each calendar month that is one month after the Borrowing of such Loan (or, if there is no such numerically corresponding day in such month, then the last day of such month) (b) with respect to any Letter of Credit denominated in a Foreign Currency, each of the following (i) the date on which such Letter of Credit is issued, (ii) the first Business Day of each calendar month and (iii) the date of any amendment of such Letter of Credit that has the effect of increasing the face amount thereof and (c) any additional date as the Administrative Agent may determine at any time when an Event of Default exists. 
 Revolving Commitment means, with respect to each Lender, the commitment, if any, to make Revolving Loans and to acquire participations in Letters of Credit and Swingline Loans hereunder, expressed as an amount representing the maximum aggregate amount of such Lender s Revolving Credit Exposure hereunder, as such commitment may be (a) reduced or terminated from time to time pursuant to Section 2.09, (b) increased from time to time pursuant to Section 2.20 and (c) reduced or increased from time to time pursuant to assignments by or to such Lender pursuant to Section 9.04. The initial amount of each Lender s Revolving Commitment is set forth on Schedule 2.01 opposite such Lender s name, or in the applicable documentation or record (as such term is defined in Section 9-102(a)(70) of the UCC) as provided in Section 9.04(b)(ii)(C), pursuant to which such Lender shall have assumed its Revolving Commitment pursuant to the terms hereof, as applicable. The aggregate amount of the Revolving Lenders Revolving Commitments as of the Amendment No. 2 3 Effective Date is 215,000,000 180,000,000 . 
 Revolving Credit Exposure means, with respect to any Lender at any time, the sum of the outstanding principal Dollar Amount of such Lender s Revolving Loans and its LC Exposure and Swingline Exposure at such time. 
 Revolving Lender means, as of any date of determination, each Lender that has a Revolving Commitment or, if the Revolving Commitments have terminated or expired, a Lender with Revolving Credit Exposure. 
 Revolving Loan means a Loan made by a Revolving Lender pursuant to Section 2.01(a). 

RFR means, for any RFR Loan denominated in (a) Sterling, SONIA and (b) Dollars, Daily Simple SOFR. 
 RFR Borrowing means, as to any Borrowing, the RFR Loans comprising such Borrowing. 
 RFR Business Day means, for any Loan denominated in (a) Sterling, any day except for (i) a Saturday, (ii) a Sunday or (iii) a day on which banks are closed for general business in London and (b) Dollars, a U.S. Government Securities Business Day. 
 RFR Interest Day has the meaning specified in the definition of Daily Simple RFR . 
 RFR Loan means a Loan that bears interest at a rate based on the Adjusted Daily Simple RFR. 
 S&P means Standard & Poor s Ratings Services, a Standard & Poor s Financial Services LLC business. 
 Sale and Leaseback Transaction means any sale or other transfer of property by any Person with the intent to lease such property as lessee. 
 Sanctioned Country means, at any time, a country, region or territory which is itself the subject or target of any Sanctions (as of the Amendment No. 2 3 Effective Date, the so-called Donetsk People s Republic, the so-called Luhansk People s Republic, the Crimea Region , Zaporizhzhia and Kherson Regions of Ukraine, Cuba, Iran, North Korea and Syria). 
 Sanctioned Person means, at any time, (a) any Person listed in any Sanctions-related list of designated Persons maintained by OFAC, the U.S. Department of State, the United Nations Security Council, the European Union, any European Union member state, Her His Majesty s Treasury of the United Kingdom, or other relevant sanctions authority, (b) any Person operating, organized or resident in a Sanctioned Country, (c) any Person owned or controlled by any such Person or Persons described in the foregoing clauses (a) or (b), or (d) any Person otherwise the subject of any Sanctions. 
 Sanctions means all economic or financial sanctions or trade embargoes imposed, administered or enforced from time to time by (a) the U.S. government, including those administered by OFAC or the U.S. Department of State or (b) the United Nations Security Council, the European Union, any European Union member state, Her His Majesty s Treasury of the United Kingdom, or other relevant sanctions authority. 
 Secured Obligations means all Obligations, together with all Swap Obligations and Banking Services Obligations owing to one or more Lenders or their respective Affiliates provided that the definition of Secured Obligations shall not create or include any guarantee by any Loan Party of (or grant of security interest by any Loan Party to support, as applicable) any Permitted Bond Hedge Transaction, any Permitted Warrant Transaction or any Excluded Swap Obligations of such Loan Party for purposes of determining any obligations of any Loan Party. 
 Secured Parties means the holders of the Secured Obligations from time to time and shall include (i) each Lender and the Issuing Banks in respect of its Loans and LC Exposure respectively, (ii) the Administrative Agent, the Issuing Banks and the Lenders in respect of all other present and future obligations and liabilities of the Company and each Subsidiary of every type and description arising under or in connection with this Agreement or any other Loan Document, (iii) each Lender and Affiliate of such Lender in respect of Swap Agreements and Banking Services Agreements entered into with such Person by the Company or any Subsidiary (for the avoidance of doubt, excluding any Permitted Bond Hedge Transaction and any Permitted Warrant Transaction), (iv) each indemnified party under Section 9.03 in respect of the obligations and liabilities of the Borrowers to such Person hereunder and under the other Loan Documents, and (v) their respective successors and (in the case of a Lender, permitted) transferees and assigns. 

Securities Act means the United States Securities Act of 1933. 
 Security Agreement means that certain Pledge and Security Agreement (including any and all supplements thereto), dated as of the Effective Date, between the Loan Parties and the Administrative Agent, for the benefit of the Administrative Agent and the other Secured Parties, and any other pledge or security agreement entered into, after the date of this Agreement by any other Loan Party (as required by this Agreement or any other Loan Document), or any other Person, as the same may be amended, restated or otherwise modified from time to time. 
 SOFR means a rate per annum equal to the secured overnight financing rate as administered by the SOFR Administrator. 
 SOFR Administrator means the NYFRB (or a successor administrator of the secured overnight financing rate). 
 SOFR Administrator s Website means the NYFRB s website, currently at http www.newyorkfed.org, or any successor source for the secured overnight financing rate identified as such by the SOFR Administrator from time to time. 
 SOFR Determination Date has the meaning specified in the definition of Daily Simple SOFR . 
 SOFR Rate Day has the meaning specified in the definition of Daily Simple SOFR . 
 Solvent means, in reference to any Person, (i) the sum of the probable liability of the debts and other liabilities (subordinated, contingent or otherwise) of such Person and its Subsidiaries, taken as a whole, as such debts and liabilities become absolute and matured, does not exceed the present fair saleable value of the assets of such Person and its Subsidiaries, taken as a whole, (ii) the capital of such Person and its Subsidiaries, taken as a whole, is not unreasonably small in relation to the business of such Person and its Subsidiaries, taken as a whole and (iii) such Person and its Subsidiaries, taken as a whole, have not incurred, do not intend to incur or believe that they will incur, debts or other liabilities including current obligations beyond their ability to pay such debt or other liabilities as they mature in the ordinary course of business. For the purposes of this definition, the amount of any contingent liability at any time shall be computed as the amount that, in light of all of the facts and circumstances existing at such time, represents the amount that can reasonably be expected to become an actual or matured liability (irrespective of whether such contingent liabilities meet the criteria for accrual under Statement of Financial Accounting Standard No. 5). 
 SONIA means, with respect to any Business Day, a rate per annum equal to the Sterling Overnight Index Average for such Business Day published by the SONIA Administrator on the SONIA Administrator s Website on the immediately succeeding Business Day. 
 SONIA Administrator means the Bank of England (or any successor administrator of the Sterling Overnight Index Average). 
 SONIA Administrator s Website means the Bank of England s website, currently at http www.bankofengland.co.uk, or any successor source for the Sterling Overnight Index Average identified as such by the SONIA Administrator from time to time. 
 Specified Ancillary Obligations means all obligations and liabilities (including interest and fees accruing during the pendency of any bankruptcy, insolvency, receivership or other similar proceeding, regardless of whether allowed or allowable in such proceeding) of any of the Subsidiaries, existing on the Effective Date or arising thereafter, direct or indirect, joint or several, absolute or contingent, matured or unmatured, liquidated or unliquidated, secured or unsecured, arising by contract, operation of law or otherwise, to the Lenders or any of their Affiliates under any Swap Agreement or any Banking Services Agreement (for the avoidance of doubt, excluding any Permitted Bond Hedge Transaction and any Permitted Warrant Transaction). 

Specified Representations means those representations and warranties made by the Loan Parties in Sections 3.01 , 3.02 , 3.03(b)(i) , 3.08 , 3.12 , 3.15 , 3.17 , 3.18 and 3.19 (subject to customary funds certain limitations). 
 Specified Swap Obligation means, with respect to any Loan Party, any obligation to pay or perform under any agreement, contract or transaction that constitutes a swap within the meaning of Section 1a(47) of the Commodity Exchange Act or any rules or regulations promulgated thereunder. 
 Standard Securitization Undertakings means representations, warranties, covenants and indemnities entered into by the Company or any Subsidiary thereof in connection with the Permitted Receivables Facility which are reasonably customary in an accounts receivable financing transaction. 
 Statutory Reserve Rate means a fraction (expressed as a decimal), the numerator of which is the number one and the denominator of which is the number one minus the aggregate of the maximum reserve percentage (including any marginal, special, emergency or supplemental reserves) expressed as a decimal established by the Federal Reserve Board to which the Administrative Agent is subject with respect to the Adjusted EURIBOR Rate for eurocurrency funding (currently referred to as Eurocurrency liabilities in Regulation D) or any other reserve ratio or analogous requirement of any central banking or financial regulatory authority imposed in respect of the maintenance of the Commitments or the funding of the Loans. Such reserve percentage shall include those imposed pursuant to Regulation D. Term Benchmark Loans for which the associated Benchmark is adjusted by reference to the Statutory Reserve Rate (per the related definition of such Benchmark) shall be deemed to constitute eurocurrency funding and to be subject to such reserve requirements without benefit of or credit for proration, exemptions or offsets that may be available from time to time to any Lender under Regulation D or any comparable regulation. The Statutory Reserve Rate shall be adjusted automatically on and as of the effective date of any change in any reserve percentage. 
 Sterling or means the lawful currency of the United Kingdom. 
 Subordinated Indebtedness means any Indebtedness of any Loan Party the terms of which are reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent and which has been expressly subordinated in right of payment to all Indebtedness of such Loan Party under the Loan Documents (i) by the execution and delivery of a subordination agreement, in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent, or (ii) otherwise on terms and conditions (including, without limitation, subordination provisions, payment terms, interest rates, covenants, remedies, defaults and other material terms) reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent it being understood that the following terms in respect of such Indebtedness will be satisfactory to the Administrative Agent (1) no cash principal or interest payments prior to the maturity thereof, (2) matures at least 180 days after the Maturity Date, (3) subject to customary limited exceptions, indefinite standstill period on the exercise of remedies (whether or not of a type available to unsecured creditors) until the Obligations are paid in full in cash and all Commitments have terminated and Letters of Credit terminated and returned without pending draw, and (4) unsecured. 
 subsidiary means, with respect to any Person (the parent at any date, any corporation, limited liability company, partnership, association or other entity the accounts of which would be consolidated with those of the parent in the parent s consolidated financial statements if such financial statements were prepared in accordance with GAAP as of such date, as well as any other corporation, limited liability company, partnership, association or other entity (a) of which securities or other ownership interests representing more than 50 of the equity or more than 50 of the ordinary voting power or, in the case of a partnership, more than 50 of the general partnership interests are, as of such date, owned, Controlled or held, or (b) that is, as of such date, otherwise Controlled, by the parent or one or more subsidiaries of the parent or by the parent and one or more subsidiaries of the parent. 
 Subsidiary means any subsidiary of the Company. Notwithstanding the foregoing (and except for purposes of (a) Sections 5.01(i) and 5.01(j), and (b) the definition of Unrestricted Subsidiary contained herein (including, for the avoidance of doubt, for purposes of determining compliance with any terms and conditions set forth in such definition or otherwise set forth in this Agreement in connection with the designation or re-designation of any Unrestricted Subsidiary or Restricted Subsidiary) and 

disclosures related to the existence or identity of an Unrestricted Subsidiary) an Unrestricted Subsidiary shall be deemed not to be a Subsidiary of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries for purposes of this Agreement. 
 Subsidiary Borrower means any Eligible Subsidiary that has been designated as a Subsidiary Borrower pursuant to Section 2.23 and that has not ceased to be a Subsidiary Borrower pursuant to such Section. Each of Funko Holdings, Funko, LLC, Loungefly, LLC and Funko Games, LLC is a Subsidiary Borrower as of the Effective Date. 
 Subsidiary Guarantor means each Domestic Subsidiary (other than any Excluded Subsidiary). The Subsidiary Guarantors on the Effective Date are identified as such in Schedule 3.01 hereto. 
 Subsidiary Guaranty means that certain Guaranty dated as of the Effective Date substantially in the form of Exhibit G (including any and all supplements thereto) and executed by each Subsidiary Guarantor party thereto, as amended, restated, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time. 
 Subsidiary Redesignation has the meaning specified in the definition of Unrestricted Subsidiary. 
 Supported QFC has the meaning assigned to it in Section 9.19. 
 Swap Agreement means any agreement with respect to any swap, forward, future or derivative transaction or option or similar agreement involving, or settled by reference to, one or more rates, currencies, commodities, equity or debt instruments or securities, or economic, financial or pricing indices or measures of economic, financial or pricing risk or value or any similar transaction or any combination of these transactions provided that no phantom stock or similar plan providing for payments only on account of services provided by current or former directors, officers, employees or consultants of the Company or the Subsidiaries shall be a Swap Agreement. For the avoidance of doubt and notwithstanding the foregoing, no Permitted Bond Hedge Transaction or Permitted Warrant Transaction shall constitute a Swap Agreement. 
 Swap Obligations means any and all obligations of the Company or any Subsidiary, whether absolute or contingent and howsoever and whensoever created, arising, evidenced or acquired (including all renewals, extensions and modifications thereof and substitutions therefor), under (a) any and all Swap Agreements permitted hereunder with a Lender or an Affiliate of a Lender, and (b) any and all cancellations, buy backs, reversals, terminations or assignments of any such Swap Agreement transaction. For the avoidance of doubt and notwithstanding the foregoing, no Permitted Bond Hedge Transaction or Permitted Warrant Transaction shall constitute a Swap Obligation. 
 Swingline Exposure means, at any time, the aggregate principal amount of all Swingline Loans outstanding at such time. The Swingline Exposure of any Lender at any time shall be the sum of (a) its Applicable Percentage of the aggregate principal amount of all Swingline Loans outstanding at such time (excluding, in the case of any Lender that is a Swingline Lender, Swingline Loans made by such Lender in its capacity as a Swingline Lender that are outstanding at such time to the extent that the other Lenders shall not have funded their participations in such Swingline Loans), adjusted to give effect to any reallocation under Section 2.24 of the Swingline Exposure of Defaulting Lenders in effect at such time, and (b) in the case of any Lender that is a Swingline Lender, the aggregate principal amount of all Swingline Loans made by such Lender as a Swingline Lender outstanding at such time, less the amount of participations funded by the other Lenders in such Swingline Loans. 
 Swingline Lender means JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. (or any of its designated branch offices or affiliates), in its capacity as lender of Swingline Loans hereunder. 
 Swingline Loan means a Loan made pursuant to Section 2.05. All Swingline Loans shall be denominated in Dollars. 

Syndication Agent means each of PNC Bank, National Association, Keybank National Association and Bank of the West in its capacity as syndication agent for the credit facilities evidenced by this Agreement. 
 TARGET2 means the Trans-European Automated Real-time Gross Settlement Express Transfer payment system which utilizes a single shared platform and which was launched on November 19, 2007. 
 TARGET Day means any day on which TARGET2 (or, if such payment system ceases to be operative, such other payment system, if any, determined by the Administrative Agent to be a suitable replacement) is open for the settlement of payments in Euro. 
 Tax Receivable Agreement means a Tax Receivable Agreement by and among Public Holdco, the Company, each of the Members (as defined therein) from time to time party thereto and the Management Representative (as defined therein) dated November 1, 2017 as amended, restated, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time. 
 Taxes means all present or future taxes, levies, imposts, duties, deductions, withholdings (including backup withholding), value added taxes, or any other goods and services, use or sales taxes, assessments, fees or other charges imposed by any Governmental Authority, including any interest, additions to tax or penalties applicable thereto. 
 Term Benchmark , when used in reference to any Loan or Borrowing, refers to whether such Loan, or the Loans comprising such Borrowing, are bearing interest at a rate determined by reference to the Adjusted Term SOFR Rate, the Adjusted EURIBOR Rate, the HIBOR Rate or the CDOR Rate. 
 Term Benchmark Payment Office of the Administrative Agent means, for each Foreign Currency, the office, branch, affiliate or correspondent bank of the Administrative Agent for such currency as specified from time to time by the Administrative Agent to the Company and each Lender. 
 Term Lender means, as of any date of determination, each Lender having a Term Loan Commitment or that holds Term Loans. 
 Term Loan Commitment means (a) as to any Term Lender, the aggregate commitment of such Term Lender to make Term Loans as set forth on Schedule 2.01 opposite such Lender s name, or in the most recent Assignment Agreement or other documentation or record (as such term is defined in Section 9-102(a)(70) of the UCC) as provided in Section 9.04, contemplated hereby executed by such Term Lender and (b) as to all Term Lenders, the aggregate commitment of all Term Lenders to make Term Loans, which aggregate commitment shall be 180,000,000 as of the Effective Date. After advancing the Term Loans, which, for the avoidance of doubt, shall be borrowed in a single advance on the Effective Date, each reference to a Term Lender s Term Loan Commitment shall refer to that Term Lender s Applicable Percentage of the Term Loans. 
 Term Loans means the Term Loans made pursuant to Section 2.01(b) on the Effective Date. 
 Term SOFR Determination Day has the meaning assigned to it under the definition of Term SOFR Reference Rate. 
 Term SOFR Rate means, with respect to any Term Benchmark Borrowing denominated in Dollars and for any tenor comparable to the applicable Interest Period, the Term SOFR Reference Rate at approximately 5 00 a.m., Chicago time, two U.S. Government Securities Business Days prior to the commencement of such tenor comparable to the applicable Interest Period, as such rate is published by the CME Term SOFR Administrator. 

Term SOFR Reference Rate means, for any day and time (such day, the Term SOFR Determination Day ), with respect to any Term Benchmark Borrowing denominated in Dollars and for any tenor comparable to the applicable Interest Period, the rate per annum published by the CME Term SOFR Administrator and identified by the Administrative Agent as the forward-looking term rate based on SOFR. If by 5 00 pm (New York City time) on such Term SOFR Determination Day, the Term SOFR Reference Rate for the applicable tenor has not been published by the CME Term SOFR Administrator and a Benchmark Replacement Date with respect to the Term SOFR Rate has not occurred, then, so long as such day is otherwise a U.S. Government Securities Business Day, the Term SOFR Reference Rate for such Term SOFR Determination Day will be the Term SOFR Reference Rate as published in respect of the first preceding U.S. Government Securities Business Day for which such Term SOFR Reference Rate was published by the CME Term SOFR Administrator, so long as such first preceding U.S. Government Securities Business Day is not more than five (5) U.S. Government Securities Business Days prior to such Term SOFR Determination Day. 
 Total Credit Exposure means the sum of the Total Revolving Credit Exposure and the aggregate principal amount of all Term Loans outstanding at such time. 
 Total Revolving Credit Exposure means, at any time, the sum of (a) the outstanding principal amount of the Revolving Loans and Swingline Loans at such time and (b) the total LC Exposure at such time. 
 Transactions means the execution, delivery and performance by the Loan Parties of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents, the borrowing of Loans and other credit extensions, the use of the proceeds thereof, and the issuance of Letters of Credit hereunder. 
 Type , when used in reference to any Loan or Borrowing, refers to whether the rate of interest on such Loan, or on the Loans comprising such Borrowing, is determined by reference to the Adjusted Term SOFR Rate, the Adjusted EURIBOR Rate, the Adjusted Daily Simple RFR, the CDOR Rate, the Canadian Prime Rate, the HIBOR Rate, the Central Bank Rate or the Alternate Base Rate. 
 UCC means the Uniform Commercial Code as in effect from time to time in the State of New York or any other state the laws of which are required to be applied in connection with the issue of perfection of security interests. 
 UK Financial Institutions means any BRRD Undertaking (as such term is defined under the PRA Rulebook (as amended from time to time) promulgated by the United Kingdom Prudential Regulation Authority) or any person falling within IFPRU 11.6 of the FCA Handbook (as amended from time to time) promulgated by the United Kingdom Financial Conduct Authority, which includes certain credit institutions and investment firms, and certain affiliates of such credit institutions or investment firms. 
 UK Resolution Authority means the Bank of England or any other public administrative authority having responsibility for the resolution of any UK Financial Institution. 
 Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement means the applicable Benchmark Replacement excluding the related Benchmark Replacement Adjustment. 
 Unfunded Commitment means, with respect to each Lender, the Revolving Commitment of such Lender less its Revolving Credit Exposure. 
 Unliquidated Obligations means, at any time, any Secured Obligations (or portion thereof) that are contingent in nature or unliquidated at such time, including any Secured Obligation that is (i) an obligation to reimburse a bank for drawings not yet made under a letter of credit issued by it (ii) any other obligation (including any guarantee) that is contingent in nature at such time or (iii) an obligation to provide collateral to secure any of the foregoing types of obligations. 
 Unrestricted Subsidiary means 

(1) any Subsidiary of the Company (other than any Loan Party or any direct or indirect parent of any Loan Party) that at the time of determination shall be designated an Unrestricted Subsidiary by the governing body of the Company or any direct or indirect parent of the Company in the manner provided below and 
 (2) any Subsidiary of an Unrestricted Subsidiary. 
 The governing body of the Company or any direct or indirect parent of the Company may designate any Subsidiary of the Company (other than any Loan Party or any direct or indirect parent of any Loan Party) to be an Unrestricted Subsidiary provided , however , that the Subsidiary to be so designated and its Subsidiaries do not at the time of designation have any Indebtedness pursuant to which the lender(s) in respect thereof have recourse to any of the assets of the Company or any Restricted Subsidiary that is not a Subsidiary of the Subsidiaries to be so designated provided , further , however, that (i) immediately prior to giving effect to such designation no Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing and immediately after giving effect thereto no Event of Default shall result from such designation, (ii) the Company shall be in pro forma compliance with the financial covenants set forth in Section 6.10 recomputed as of the last day of the most recently ended fiscal quarter of the Company for which financial statements are have been delivered to the Administrative Agent in accordance with this Agreement (or, if prior to the date of the delivery of the first financial statements to be delivered pursuant to Section 5.01(a) or (b), the most recent financial statements referred to in Section 3.04(a)), (iii) no Subsidiary may be designated as an Unrestricted Subsidiary if, after such designation, it would be a Restricted Subsidiary (or analogous term or concept) for the purpose of any secured Indebtedness permitted hereunder, (iv) no Unrestricted Subsidiary may (x) own Equity Interests in any Restricted Subsidiary or (y) hold a Lien on any property of a Loan Party or any Restricted Subsidiary that is not a Subsidiary to be so designated as an Unrestricted Subsidiary, (v) after giving effect to such designation as an Unrestricted Subsidiary, such Unrestricted Subsidiary shall not own any intellectual property that is material to the business of the Company and the Restricted Subsidiaries and (vi) at no time shall the Company, any other Loan Party or any Restricted Subsidiary transfer any material intellectual property to an Unrestricted Subsidiary provided , further , however , that either 
 (a) the Subsidiary to be so designated has total consolidated assets of 1,000 or less or 
 (b) if such Subsidiary has consolidated assets greater than 1,000, then such designation would be permitted under Section 6.04 (it being understood and agreed that the designation of any Subsidiary as an Unrestricted Subsidiary subject to this clause (b) shall constitute an investment by the Company (or the applicable Restricted Subsidiary that owns such designated Subsidiary) therein at the date of designation as set forth in Section 6.04). 
 The governing body of the Company or any direct or indirect parent of the Company may designate any Unrestricted Subsidiary to be a Restricted Subsidiary (a Subsidiary Redesignation provided , however , immediately prior to giving effect to such designation no Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing and immediately after giving effect thereto no Event of Default shall result from such designation. Any Indebtedness or investments of such Subsidiary and any Liens encumbering its assets at the time of such designation shall be deemed newly incurred or established, as applicable, at such time. 
 Any such designation by the governing body of the Company or any direct or indirect parent of the Company shall be evidenced to the Administrative Agent by promptly filing with the Administrative Agent a copy of the resolution of the governing body of the Company or any direct or indirect parent of the Company giving effect to such designation and an officer s certificate certifying that such designation complied with the foregoing provisions. 
 For the avoidance of doubt, no Loan Party nor any direct or indirect parent of any Loan Party may be designated as an Unrestricted Subsidiary at any time. 
 Notwithstanding the foregoing, in no event may any Subsidiary of the Company be designated as an Unrestricted Subsidiary during the Covenant Relief Period (it being understood and agreed that any Subsidiary that constitutes an Unrestricted Subsidiary immediately prior to the Amendment No. 3 

Effective Date may continue to be an Unrestricted Subsidiary until such time (if at all) that such Subsidiary is subject to a Subsidiary Redesignation). As of the Amendment No. 3 Effective Date, there are no Unrestricted Subsidiaries. 
 U.S. Government Securities Business Day means any day except for (i) a Saturday, (ii) a Sunday or (iii) a day on which the Securities Industry and Financial Markets Association recommends that the fixed income departments of its members be closed for the entire day for purposes of trading in United States government securities. 
 U.S. Person means a United States person within the meaning of Section 7701(a)(30) of the Code. 
 U.S. Special Resolution Regime has the meaning assigned to it in Section 9.19. 
 U.S. Tax Compliance Certificate has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 2.17(f)(ii)(B)(3). 
 Weighted Average Life to Maturity means, when applied to any Indebtedness at any date, the number of years obtained by dividing (a) the sum of the products obtained by multiplying (i) the amount of each then remaining installment, sinking fund, serial maturity or other required payments of principal, including payment at final maturity, in respect thereof, by (ii) the number of years (calculated to the nearest one-twelfth) that will elapse between such date and the making of such payment by (b) the then outstanding principal amount of such Indebtedness. 
 Withdrawal Liability means liability to a Multiemployer Plan as a result of a complete or partial withdrawal from such Multiemployer Plan, as such terms are defined in Part I of Subtitle E of Title IV of ERISA. 
 Working Capital means, at any date, the excess of current assets of the Company and its Subsidiaries on such date over current liabilities of the Company and its Subsidiaries on such date, all determined on a consolidated basis in accordance with GAAP. 
 Write-Down and Conversion Powers means, (a) with respect to any EEA Resolution Authority, the write-down and conversion powers of such EEA Resolution Authority from time to time under the Bail-In Legislation for the applicable EEA Member Country, which write-down and conversion powers are described in the EU Bail-In Legislation Schedule, and (b) with respect to the United Kingdom, any powers of the applicable Resolution Authority under the Bail-In Legislation to cancel, reduce, modify or change the form of a liability of any UK Financial Institution or any contract or instrument under which that liability arises, to convert all or part of that liability into shares, securities or obligations of that person or any other person, to provide that any such contract or instrument is to have effect as if a right had been exercised under it or to suspend any obligation in respect of that liability or any of the powers under that Bail-In Legislation that are related to or ancillary to any of those powers. 
 SECTION 11.02. Classification of Loans and Borrowings . For purposes of this Agreement, Loans may be classified and referred to by Class e.g. , a Revolving Loan or by Type e.g. , a Term Benchmark Loan or by Class and Type e.g. , a Term Benchmark Revolving Loan ). Borrowings also may be classified and referred to by Class e.g. , a Revolving Borrowing or by Type e.g. , a Term Benchmark Borrowing or by Class and Type e.g. , a Term Benchmark Revolving Borrowing ). 
 SECTION 11.03. Terms Generally . The definitions of terms herein shall apply equally to the singular and plural forms of the terms defined. Whenever the context may require, any pronoun shall include the corresponding masculine, feminine and neuter forms. The words include , includes and including shall be deemed to be followed by the phrase without limitation . The word will shall be construed to have the same meaning and effect as the word shall . The word law shall be construed as referring to all statutes, rules, regulations, codes and other laws (including official rulings and interpretations thereunder having the force of law or with which affected Persons customarily comply), and all judgments, orders and decrees, of all Governmental Authorities. Unless the context requires otherwise (a) any definition of or reference to any agreement, instrument or other document herein shall 

be construed as referring to such agreement, instrument or other document as from time to time amended, restated, supplemented or otherwise modified (subject to any restrictions on such amendments, restatements, supplements or modifications set forth herein), (b) any definition of or reference to any statute, rule or regulation shall be construed as referring thereto as from time to time amended, supplemented or otherwise modified (including by succession of comparable successor laws), (c) any reference herein to any Person shall be construed to include such Person s successors and assigns (subject to any restrictions on assignment set forth herein) and, in the case of any Governmental Authority, any other Governmental Authority that shall have succeeded to any or all functions thereof, (d) the words herein , hereof and hereunder , and words of similar import, shall be construed to refer to this Agreement in its entirety and not to any particular provision hereof, (e) all references herein to Articles, Sections, Exhibits and Schedules shall be construed to refer to Articles and Sections of, and Exhibits and Schedules to, this Agreement and (f) the words asset and property shall be construed to have the same meaning and effect and to refer to any and all tangible and intangible assets and properties, including cash, securities, accounts and contract rights. 
 SECTION 11.04. Accounting Terms GAAP Pro Forma Calculations . (a) Except as otherwise expressly provided herein, all terms of an accounting or financial nature shall be construed in accordance with GAAP, as in effect from time to time provided that, if the Company notifies the Administrative Agent that the Company requests an amendment to any provision hereof to eliminate the effect of any change occurring after the date hereof in GAAP or in the application thereof on the operation of such provision (or if the Administrative Agent notifies the Company that the Required Lenders request an amendment to any provision hereof for such purpose), regardless of whether any such notice is given before or after such change in GAAP or in the application thereof, then such provision shall be interpreted on the basis of GAAP as in effect and applied immediately before such change shall have become effective until such notice shall have been withdrawn or such provision amended in accordance herewith. Notwithstanding any other provision contained herein, all terms of an accounting or financial nature used herein shall be construed, and all computations of amounts and ratios referred to herein shall be made (i) without giving effect to any election under Accounting Standards Codification 825-10-25 (or any other Accounting Standards Codification or Financial Accounting Standard having a similar result or effect) to value any Indebtedness or other liabilities of the Company or any Subsidiary at fair value , as defined therein and (ii) without giving effect to any treatment of Indebtedness in respect of convertible debt instruments under Accounting Standards Codification 470-20 (or any other Accounting Standards Codification or Financial Accounting Standard having a similar result or effect) to value any such Indebtedness in a reduced or bifurcated manner as described therein, and such Indebtedness shall at all times be valued at the full stated principal amount thereof. 
 (a) All pro forma computations required to be made hereunder giving effect to any acquisition or disposition, or issuance, incurrence or assumption of Indebtedness, or other transaction shall in each case be calculated giving pro forma effect thereto (and, in the case of any pro forma computation made hereunder to determine whether such acquisition or disposition, or issuance, incurrence or assumption of Indebtedness, or other transaction is permitted to be consummated hereunder, to any other such transaction consummated since the first day of the period covered by any component of such pro forma computation and on or prior to the date of such computation) as if such transaction had occurred on the first day of the period of four consecutive fiscal quarters ending with the most recent fiscal quarter for which financial statements shall have been delivered pursuant to Section 5.01(a) or 5.01(b) (or, prior to the delivery of any such financial statements, ending with the last fiscal quarter included in the financial statements referred to in Section 3.04(a)), and, to the extent applicable, to the historical earnings and cash flows associated with the assets acquired or disposed of (but without giving effect to any synergies or cost savings) and any related incurrence or reduction of Indebtedness, all in accordance with Article 11 of Regulation S-X under the Securities Act. If any Indebtedness bears a floating rate of interest and is being given pro forma effect, the interest on such Indebtedness shall be calculated as if the rate in effect on the date of determination had been the applicable rate for the entire period (taking into account any Swap Agreement applicable to such Indebtedness). In addition to the foregoing, and notwithstanding anything in this Agreement to the contrary, to the extent any Indebtedness is incurred or assumed in connection with any transaction permitted hereunder, any pro forma determination of the Net Leverage Ratio or Qualified Cash or compliance with the financial covenants required to be made under this Agreement in connection with such transaction shall be made without including the proceeds of such incurred or assumed Indebtedness as Qualified Cash. 

(b) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in Section 1.04(a) or in the definition of Capital Lease Obligations, in the event of an accounting change requiring all leases to be capitalized, only those leases that would constitute capital leases in conformity with GAAP on the Effective Date shall be considered capital leases, and all calculations and deliverables under this Agreement or any other Loan Document shall be made or delivered, as applicable, in accordance therewith. 
 SECTION 11.05. Interest Rates Benchmark Notification . The interest rate on a Loan denominated in Dollars or a Foreign Currency may be derived from an interest rate benchmark that may be discontinued or is, or may in the future become, the subject of regulatory reform. Upon the occurrence of a Benchmark Transition Event, Section 2.14(b) provides a mechanism for determining an alternative rate of interest. The Administrative Agent does not warrant or accept any responsibility for, and shall not have any liability with respect to, the administration, submission, performance or any other matter related to any interest rate used in this Agreement, or with respect to any alternative or successor rate thereto, or replacement rate thereof, including without limitation, whether the composition or characteristics of any such alternative, successor or replacement reference rate will be similar to, or produce the same value or economic equivalence of, the existing interest rate being replaced or have the same volume or liquidity as did any existing interest rate prior to its discontinuance or unavailability. The Administrative Agent and its affiliates and or other related entities may engage in transactions that affect the calculation of any interest rate used in this Agreement or any alternative, successor or alternative rate (including any Benchmark Replacement) and or any relevant adjustments thereto, in each case, in a manner adverse to the Borrowers. The Administrative Agent may select information sources or services in its reasonable discretion to ascertain any interest rate used in this Agreement, any component thereof, or rates referenced in the definition thereof, in each case pursuant to the terms of this Agreement, and shall have no liability to the Borrowers, any Lender or any other person or entity for damages of any kind, including direct or indirect, special, punitive, incidental or consequential damages, costs, losses or expenses (whether in tort, contract or otherwise and whether at law or in equity), for any error or calculation of any such rate (or component thereof) provided by any such information source or service. 
 SECTION 11.06. Divisions . For all purposes under the Loan Documents, in connection with any division or plan of division under Delaware law (or any comparable event under a different jurisdiction s laws) (a) if any asset, right, obligation or liability of any Person becomes the asset, right, obligation or liability of a different Person, then it shall be deemed to have been transferred from the original Person to the subsequent Person, and (b) if any new Person comes into existence, such new Person shall be deemed to have been organized and acquired on the first date of its existence by the holders of its Equity Interests at such time. 
 SECTION 11.07. Letter of Credit Amounts . Unless otherwise specified herein, the amount of a Letter of Credit at any time shall be deemed to be the Dollar Amount of the stated amount of such Letter of Credit available to be drawn at such time provided that with respect to any Letter of Credit that, by its terms or the terms of any agreement, application, document or instrument related thereto, provides for one or more automatic increases in the available amount thereof, the amount of such Letter of Credit shall be deemed to be the Dollar Amount of the maximum amount of such Letter of Credit after giving effect to all such increases, whether or not such maximum amount is available to be drawn at such time. For all purposes of this Agreement, if on any date of determination a Letter of Credit has expired by its terms but any amount may still be drawn thereunder by reason of the operation of Article 29(a) of the Uniform Customs and Practice for Documentary Credits, International Chamber of Commerce Publication No. 600 (or such later version thereof as may be in effect at the applicable time) or Rule 3.13 or Rule 3.14 of the International Standby Practices, International Chamber of Commerce Publication No. 590 (or such later version thereof as may be in effect at the applicable time) or similar terms of the Letter of Credit itself, or if compliant documents have been presented but not yet honored, such Letter of Credit shall be deemed to be outstanding and undrawn in the amount so remaining available to be paid, and the obligations of the Borrowers and each Revolving Lender shall remain in full force and effect until the applicable Issuing Bank and the Revolving Lenders shall have no further obligations to make any payments or disbursements under any circumstances with respect to such Letter of Credit. 
 SECTION 11.08. Exchange Rates Currency Equivalents. 

(a) The Administrative Agent or the applicable Issuing Bank, as applicable, shall determine the Dollar Amounts of Borrowings or Letter of Credit extensions denominated in Foreign Currencies. Such Dollar Amounts shall become effective as of the applicable Revaluation Date and shall be the Dollar Amount of such amounts until the next Revaluation Date to occur. Except for purposes of financial statements delivered by the Company hereunder or calculating financial covenants hereunder or except as otherwise provided herein, the applicable amount of any Agreed Currency (other than Dollars) for purposes of the Loan Documents shall be such Dollar Amount as so determined by the Administrative Agent or such Issuing Bank, as applicable. 
 (b) Wherever in this Agreement in connection with a Borrowing, conversion, continuation or prepayment of a Loan or the issuance, amendment or extension of a Letter of Credit, an amount, such as a required minimum or multiple amount, is expressed in Dollars, but such Borrowing, Loan or Letter of Credit is denominated in a Foreign Currency, such amount shall be the Dollar Amount of such amount (rounded to the nearest unit of such Foreign Currency, with 0.5 of a unit being rounded upward), as determined by the Administrative Agent or the applicable Issuing Bank, as the case may be. 
 SECTION 11.09. Limited Condition Transactions . 
 Notwithstanding anything in this Agreement to the contrary, in connection with any Limited Condition Transaction being financed all or in part with the proceeds of Incremental Term Loans, for purposes of 
 (a) determining compliance with any provision of this Agreement which requires the calculation of the Net Leverage Ratio, Fixed Charge Coverage Ratio, Consolidated EBITDA, Consolidated Net Income and Consolidated Cash Interest Expense 
 (b) determining compliance with the applicable representations and warranties in Article III, to the extent required by Section 4.02(a) (other than with respect to Specified Representations, which must be true and correct in all material respects (without duplication of materiality qualifiers) on the closing date of such Limited Condition Transaction), determining compliance with any covenant in this Agreement and the absence of any Default or Event of Default (other than any Event of Default under Section 7.01(a), (b), (h), (i) or (j)) or 
 (c) testing availability under baskets set forth in this Agreement (including baskets measured as a percentage of Consolidated EBITDA or Applicable EBITDA) 
 in each case, at the option of the Company (the Company s election to exercise such option in connection with any Limited Condition Transaction, an LCT Election ), the date of determination of whether any such action is permitted hereunder (or any such representation, warranty, requirement or condition therefor is complied with or satisfied (including as to the absence of any continuing Default or Event of Default (other than with respect to any Event of Default under Section 7.01(a), (b), (h), (i) or (j)))) shall be deemed to be the date the purchase agreement or other definitive agreement related to such Limited Condition Transaction are entered into (the LCT Test Date ), and if, after giving pro forma effect to the Limited Condition Transaction (and the other transactions to be entered into in connection therewith, including any Indebtedness incurred or assumed in connection therewith), the Company or any of its Subsidiaries would have been permitted to take such action on the relevant LCT Test Date in compliance with such ratio, test or basket (and any related representations, warranties, requirements and conditions), such ratio, test or basket (and any related representations, warranties, requirements and conditions) shall be deemed to have been complied with (or satisfied). 
 Upon making an LCT Election, the Company shall deliver a certificate of a Responsible Officer to the Administrative Agent demonstrating compliance on a pro forma basis after giving effect to such Limited Condition Transaction on such LCT Test Date with any relevant ratios, tests or baskets. For the avoidance of doubt, if the Company has made an LCT Election and any of the ratios, tests or baskets for which compliance was determined or tested as of the LCT Test Date would have failed to have been complied with as a result of fluctuations in any such ratio, test or basket, including due to fluctuations in Applicable EBITDA or Consolidated EBITDA of the Company or the Person subject to such Limited Condition Transaction, at or prior to the consummation of the relevant transaction or action, such baskets, 

tests or ratios will not be deemed to have failed to have been complied with as a result of such fluctuations. 
 If the Company has made an LCT Election for any Limited Condition Transaction, then in connection with any calculation of any ratio, test or basket availability with respect to the incurrence or assumption of Indebtedness or Liens, the making of Restricted Payments, the making of any investment, the occurrence or consummation of any merger, consolidation, dissolution, division, liquidation, winding-up, sale, conveyance, assignment, lease, abandonment, transfer or disposition, or the making of any Capital Expenditure (each, a Subsequent Transaction following the relevant LCT Test Date and prior to the earlier of the date on which such Limited Condition Transaction is consummated and the date that the purchase agreement or other definitive agreement or irrevocable notice for such Limited Condition Transaction is terminated or expires without consummation of such Limited Condition Transaction, for purposes of determining whether such Subsequent Transaction is permitted under this Agreement, any such ratio, test or basket shall be required to be satisfied on a pro forma basis (x) assuming such Limited Condition Transaction and other transactions in connection therewith (including any incurrence or assumption of Indebtedness and the use of proceeds thereof) have been consummated and (y) assuming such Limited Condition Transaction and other transactions in connection therewith (including any incurrence or assumption of Indebtedness and the use of proceeds thereof) have not been consummated. 
 ARTICLE XII The Credits 
 SECTION 12.01. Commitments. Subject to the terms and conditions set forth herein, (a) each Revolving Lender (severally and not jointly) agrees to make Revolving Loans to the Borrowers in Agreed Currencies from time to time during the Availability Period in an aggregate principal amount that will not result in (i) subject to Sections 2.04 and 2.11(b), the Dollar Amount of such Lender s Revolving Credit Exposure exceeding such Lender s Revolving Commitment, (ii) subject to Sections 2.04 and 2.11(b), the Dollar Amount of the Total Revolving Credit Exposure exceeding the aggregate Revolving Commitments or (iii) subject to Sections 2.04 and 2.11(b), the Dollar Amount of the Total Revolving Credit Exposure denominated in Foreign Currencies exceeding the Foreign Currency Sublimit, and (b) each Term Lender with a Term Loan Commitment (severally and not jointly) agrees to make a Term Loan to Funko, LLC in Dollars in a single advance on the Effective Date, in an amount equal to such Lender s Term Loan Commitment. Within the foregoing limits and subject to the terms and conditions set forth herein, the Borrowers may borrow, prepay and reborrow Revolving Loans. Amounts repaid or prepaid in respect of Term Loans may not be reborrowed. 
 SECTION 12.02. Loans and Borrowings . (a) Each Loan (other than a Swingline Loan) shall be made as part of a Borrowing consisting of Loans of the same currency, Class and Type made by the applicable Lenders ratably in accordance with their respective Commitments of the applicable Class. The failure of any Lender to make any Loan required to be made by it shall not relieve any other Lender of its obligations hereunder provided that the Commitments of the Lenders are several and no Lender shall be responsible for any other Lender s failure to make Loans as required. Any Swingline Loan shall be made in accordance with the procedures set forth in Section 2.05. The Term Loans shall amortize as set forth in Section 2.10. 
 (a) Subject to Section 2.14, each Revolving Borrowing and Term Loan Borrowing shall be comprised (A) in the case of Borrowings in Dollars, entirely of ABR Loans or Term Benchmark Loans and (B) in the case of Borrowings in any other Agreed Currency, entirely of Term Benchmark Loans or RFR Loans denominated in Sterling, as applicable, in each case of the same Agreed Currency, as the relevant Borrower may request in accordance herewith provided that each ABR Loan shall only be made in Dollars. Each Swingline Loan shall be an ABR Loan. Each Lender at its option may make any Loan by causing any domestic or foreign branch or Affiliate of such Lender to make such Loan (and in the case of an Affiliate, the provisions of Sections 2.14, 2.15, 2.16 and 2.17 shall apply to such Affiliate to the same extent as to such Lender) provided that any exercise of such option shall not affect the obligation of the relevant Borrower to repay such Loan in accordance with the terms of this Agreement. 

(b) At the commencement of each Interest Period for any Term Benchmark Revolving Borrowing, such Borrowing shall be in an aggregate amount that is an integral multiple of 1,000,000 and not less than 5,000,000 (or 1,000,000 if acceptable to the Administrative Agent in its sole discretion) (or, if such Borrowing is denominated in a Foreign Currency, the Equivalent Amounts thereof). At the time that each ABR Revolving Borrowing or RFR Borrowing is made, such Borrowing shall be in an aggregate amount that is an integral multiple of 1,000,000 and not less than 5,000,000 (or 1,000,000 if acceptable to the Administrative Agent in its sole discretion) (or , if such Borrowing is denominated in a Foreign Currency, the Equivalent Amounts thereof) provided that an ABR Revolving Borrowing may be in an aggregate amount that is equal to the entire unused balance of the aggregate Revolving Commitments or that is required to finance the reimbursement of an LC Disbursement as contemplated by Section 2.06(e). Each Swingline Loan shall be in an amount that is an integral multiple of 500,000 and not less than 1,000,000. Borrowings of more than one Type and Class may be outstanding at the same time provided that there shall not at any time be more than a total of ten (10) Term Benchmark Borrowings or RFR Borrowings outstanding. 
 (c) Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement, no Borrower shall be entitled to request, or to elect to convert or continue, any Borrowing if the Interest Period requested with respect thereto would end after the Maturity Date. 
 SECTION 12.03. Requests for Borrowings . To request a Borrowing, the applicable Borrower, or the Company on behalf of the applicable Borrower, shall notify the Administrative Agent of such request (a) by irrevocable written notice (via a written Borrowing Request signed or authenticated by the Responsible Officer of the applicable Borrower, or the Company on behalf of the applicable Borrower, promptly followed by telephonic confirmation of such request) in the case of a Term Benchmark Borrowing, not later than 2 00 p.m., Local Time, three (3) U.S. Government Securities Business Days (in the case of a Term Benchmark Borrowing denominated in Dollars) or by irrevocable written notice (via a written Borrowing Request signed by a Responsible Officer of such Borrower, or the Company on its behalf) not later than 2 00 p.m., Local Time, four (4) Business Days (in the case of a Term Benchmark Borrowing denominated in a Foreign Currency), in each case, before the date of the proposed Borrowing, (b) in the case of an RFR Borrowing denominated in Sterling, not later than 2 00 p.m., Local Time, five (5) RFR Business Days before the date of the proposed Borrowing or (c) by telephone in the case of an ABR Borrowing, not later than 2 00 p.m 12 00 p.m ., Local Time, one (1) Business Day before on the date of the proposed Borrowing (which shall be a Business Day) provided that any such notice of an ABR Revolving Borrowing to finance the reimbursement of an LC Disbursement as contemplated by Section 2.06(e) may be given not later than 2 00 p.m., Local Time, on the date of the proposed Borrowing provided further that such notice in respect of the Borrowing of the Term Loans on the Effective Date may be delivered on or prior to 2 00 p.m. (New York City time) two (2) Business Days prior to the Effective Date. Each such telephonic Borrowing Request shall be irrevocable and shall be confirmed promptly by hand delivery or telecopy to the Administrative Agent of a written Borrowing Request and signed by a Responsible Officer of the applicable Borrower, or the Company on behalf of the applicable Borrower. Each such telephonic and written Borrowing Request shall specify the following information in compliance with Section 2.02 
 (i) the name of the applicable Borrower 
 (ii) the Agreed Currency and aggregate principal amount of the requested Borrowing 
 (iii) the date of such Borrowing, which shall be a Business Day 
 (iv) whether such Borrowing is to be an ABR Borrowing, an RFR Borrowing or a Term Benchmark Borrowing and whether such Borrowing is a Revolving Borrowing or a Term Loan Borrowing 
 (v) in the case of a Term Benchmark Borrowing, the initial Interest Period to be applicable thereto, which shall be a period contemplated by the definition of the term Interest Period and 

(vi) the location and number of the applicable Borrower s account to which funds are to be disbursed, which shall comply with the requirements of Section 2.07. 
 If no election as to the currency of a Borrowing is specified, then the requested Borrowing shall be made in Dollars. If no election as to the Type of Borrowing is specified, then, in the case of a Borrowing denominated in Dollars, the requested Borrowing shall be an ABR Borrowing. If no Interest Period is specified with respect to any requested Term Benchmark Borrowing, then the relevant Borrower shall be deemed to have selected an Interest Period of one month s duration. Promptly following receipt of a Borrowing Request in accordance with this Section, the Administrative Agent shall advise each Lender of the details thereof and of the amount of such Lender s Loan to be made as part of the requested Borrowing. Notwithstanding the foregoing, in no event shall any Borrower be permitted to request (a) a Canadian Prime Rate Loan or a CBR Loan (it being understood and agreed that the Canadian Prime Rate and a Central Bank Rate shall only apply to the extent provided in Sections 2.08(e), 2.14(a) and 2.14(g)) or (b) an RFR Loan denominated in Dollars (it being understood and agreed that Adjusted Daily Simple SOFR shall only apply to the extent provided in Sections 2.08(e), 2.14(a) and 2.14(g)). 
 SECTION 12.04. Determination of Dollar Amounts . The Dollar Amount of all Loans, Borrowings, Letters of Credit and LC Exposure, as applicable, denominated in Foreign Currencies hereunder shall be determined on each Revaluation Date. 
 SECTION 12.05. Swingline Loans . (a) Subject So long as there is no Covenant Relief Period in effect at such time, and subject to the terms and conditions set forth herein, the Swingline Lender may in its sole discretion make Swingline Loans in Dollars to the Company from time to time during the Availability Period, in an aggregate principal amount at any time outstanding that will not result in (i) the aggregate principal amount of outstanding Swingline Loans exceeding 7,500,000, (ii) the Dollar Amount of the Swingline Lender s Revolving Credit Exposure exceeding its Revolving Commitment or (iii) subject to Section 2.04, the Dollar Amount of the Total Revolving Credit Exposure exceeding the aggregate Revolving Commitments provided that the Swingline Lender shall not be required to make a Swingline Loan to refinance an outstanding Swingline Loan. Within the foregoing limits and subject to the terms and conditions set forth herein, the Company may borrow, prepay and reborrow Swingline Loans. 
 (a) To request a Swingline Loan, the Company shall notify the Administrative Agent of such request by telephone (confirmed by telecopy or electronic mail), not later than 2 00 p.m., Local Time, on the day of a proposed Swingline Loan. Each such notice shall be in a form approved by the Administrative Agent, shall be irrevocable and shall specify the requested date (which shall be a Business Day) and amount of the requested Swingline Loan. The Administrative Agent will promptly advise the Swingline Lender of any such notice received from the Company. The Swingline Lender shall make each Swingline Loan available to the Company by means of a credit to the general deposit account of the Company with the Swingline Lender (or, in the case of a Swingline Loan made to finance the reimbursement of an LC Disbursement as provided in Section 2.06(e), by remittance to the Issuing Bank) as promptly as possible on the requested date of such Swingline Loan. 
 (b) The Swingline Lender may by written notice given to the Administrative Agent not later than 10 00 a.m., New York City time, on any Business Day require the Revolving Lenders to acquire participations on such Business Day in all or a portion of the Swingline Loans outstanding. Such notice shall specify the aggregate amount of Swingline Loans in which Revolving Lenders will participate. Promptly upon receipt of such notice, the Administrative Agent will give notice thereof to each Revolving Lender, specifying in such notice such Lender s Applicable Percentage of such Swingline Loan or Loans. Each Revolving Lender hereby absolutely and unconditionally agrees, upon receipt of notice as provided above, to pay to the Administrative Agent, for the account of the Swingline Lender, such Lender s Applicable Percentage of such Swingline Loan or Loans. Each Revolving Lender acknowledges and agrees that its obligation to acquire participations in Swingline Loans pursuant to this paragraph is absolute and unconditional and shall not be affected by any circumstance whatsoever, including the occurrence and continuance of a Default or reduction or termination of the Commitments, and that each such payment shall be made without any offset, abatement, withholding or reduction whatsoever. Each Revolving Lender shall comply with its obligation under this paragraph by wire transfer of immediately available funds, in the same manner as provided in Section 2.07 with respect to Loans made by such 

Lender (and Section 2.07 shall apply, mutatis mutandis , to the payment obligations of the Lenders), and the Administrative Agent shall promptly pay to the Swingline Lender the amounts so received by it from the Revolving Lenders. The Administrative Agent shall notify the Company of any participations in any Swingline Loan acquired pursuant to this paragraph, and thereafter payments in respect of such Swingline Loan shall be made to the Administrative Agent and not to the Swingline Lender. Any amounts received by the Swingline Lender from the Company (or other party on behalf of the Company) in respect of a Swingline Loan after receipt by the Swingline Lender of the proceeds of a sale of participations therein shall be promptly remitted to the Administrative Agent any such amounts received by the Administrative Agent shall be promptly remitted by the Administrative Agent to the Revolving Lenders that shall have made their payments pursuant to this paragraph and to the Swingline Lender, as their interests may appear provided that any such payment so remitted shall be repaid to the Swingline Lender or to the Administrative Agent, as applicable, if and to the extent such payment is required to be refunded to the Company for any reason. The purchase of participations in a Swingline Loan pursuant to this paragraph shall not relieve the Company of any default in the payment thereof. 
 (c) The Swingline Lender may be replaced at any time by written agreement among the Company, the Administrative Agent, the replaced Swingline Lender and the successor Swingline Lender. The Administrative Agent shall notify the Lenders of any such replacement of the Swingline Lender. At the time any such replacement shall become effective, the Company shall pay all unpaid interest accrued for the account of the replaced Swingline Lender pursuant to Section 2.13(a). From and after the effective date of any such replacement, (x) the successor Swingline Lender shall have all the rights and obligations of the replaced Swingline Lender under this Agreement with respect to Swingline Loans made thereafter and (y) references herein to the term Swingline Lender shall be deemed to refer to such successor or to any previous Swingline Lender, or to such successor and all previous Swingline Lenders, as the context shall require. After the replacement of the Swingline Lender hereunder, the replaced Swingline Lender shall remain a party hereto and shall continue to have all the rights and obligations of a Swingline Lender under this Agreement with respect to Swingline Loans made by it prior to its replacement, but shall not be required to make additional Swingline Loans. 
 (d) Subject to the appointment and acceptance of a successor Swingline Lender, the Swingline Lender may resign as Swingline Lender at any time upon thirty days prior written notice to the Administrative Agent, the Company and the Lenders, in which case, the Swingline Lender shall be replaced in accordance with Section 2.05(d) above. 
 SECTION 12.06. Letters of Credit . (a) General. Subject to the terms and conditions set forth herein, the Company may request the issuance by any Issuing Bank of Letters of Credit denominated in Agreed Currencies as the applicant thereof for its or its Subsidiaries obligations, in a form reasonably acceptable to the Administrative Agent and the Issuing Bank, at any time and from time to time during the Availability Period. In the event of any inconsistency between the terms and conditions of this Agreement and the terms and conditions of any form of letter of credit application or other agreement submitted by the Company to, or entered into by the Company with, the Issuing Bank relating to any Letter of Credit, the terms and conditions of this Agreement shall control. Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, the Issuing Bank shall have no obligation hereunder to issue, and shall not issue, any Letter of Credit the proceeds of which would be made available to any Person (i) to fund any activity or business of or with any Sanctioned Person, or in any country or territory that, at the time of such funding, is the subject of any Sanctions or (ii) in any manner that would result in a violation of any Sanctions by any party to this Agreement. The Company unconditionally and irrevocably agrees that, in connection with any Letter of Credit issued for the support of any Subsidiary s obligations as provided in the first sentence of this paragraph, the Company will be fully responsible for the reimbursement of LC Disbursements in accordance with the terms hereof, the payment of interest thereon and the payment of fees due under Section 2.12(b) to the same extent as if it were the sole account party in respect of such Letter of Credit (the Company hereby irrevocably waiving any defenses that might otherwise be available to it as a guarantor or surety of the obligations of such a Subsidiary that is an account party in respect of any such Letter of Credit). 
 (a) Notice of Issuance, Amendment, Renewal, Extension Certain Conditions . To request the issuance of a Letter of Credit (or the amendment, renewal or extension of an outstanding Letter of Credit), the Company shall hand deliver or telecopy (or transmit by electronic communication, if arrangements for 

doing so have been approved by the Issuing Bank) to the applicable Issuing Bank and the Administrative Agent (reasonably in advance of the requested date of issuance, amendment, renewal or extension, but in any event no less than three (3) Business Days) a notice requesting the issuance of a Letter of Credit, or identifying the Letter of Credit to be amended, renewed or extended, and specifying the date of issuance, amendment, renewal or extension (which shall be a Business Day), the date on which such Letter of Credit is to expire (which shall comply with paragraph (c) of this Section), the amount and Agreed Currency of such Letter of Credit, the name and address of the beneficiary thereof and such other information as shall be necessary to prepare, amend, renew or extend such Letter of Credit. If requested by the Issuing Bank, the Company also shall submit a letter of credit application on the Issuing Bank s standard form, and enter into any continuing agreement or other letter of credit agreement, in connection with any request for a Letter of Credit. A Letter of Credit shall be issued, amended, renewed or extended only if (and upon issuance, amendment, renewal or extension of each Letter of Credit the Company shall be deemed to represent and warrant that), after giving effect to such issuance, amendment, renewal or extension (i) the Dollar Amount of the LC Exposure shall not exceed 10,000,000, (ii) subject to Section 2.04, the Dollar Amount of the Total Revolving Credit Exposure shall not exceed the aggregate Revolving Commitments, (iii) no Lender s Dollar Amount of Revolving Credit Exposure shall exceed its Revolving Commitment, (iv) subject to Section 2.04, the Dollar Amount of the Total Revolving Credit Exposure denominated in Foreign Currencies shall not exceed the Foreign Currency Sublimit and (v) the sum of (x) the Dollar Amount of the aggregate undrawn amount of all outstanding Letters of Credit issued by any Issuing Bank at such time plus (y) the aggregate Dollar Amount of all LC Disbursements made by such Issuing Bank that have not yet been reimbursed by or on behalf of the Company at such time shall not exceed its Letter of Credit Commitment. Notwithstanding the foregoing or anything to the contrary contained herein, with respect to all Letters of Credit, no Issuing Bank shall be obligated to issue or modify any Letter of Credit if, immediately after giving effect thereto, the outstanding LC Exposure in respect of all Letters of Credit issued by such Issuing Bank and its Affiliates would exceed such Issuing Bank s Issuing Bank Sublimit. Without limiting the foregoing and without affecting the limitations contained herein, it is understood and agreed that the Company may from time to time request that an Issuing Bank issue Letters of Credit in excess of its individual Issuing Bank Sublimit in effect at the time of such request, and each Issuing Bank agrees to consider any such request in good faith. Any Letter of Credit so issued by an Issuing Bank in excess of its individual Issuing Bank Sublimit then in effect shall nonetheless constitute a Letter of Credit for all purposes of the Credit Agreement, and shall not affect the Issuing Bank Sublimit of any other Issuing Bank, subject to the limitations set forth in clauses (i) through (iv) of this Section 2.06(b). No Issuing Bank shall be under any obligation to issue any Letter of Credit if the issuance of the Letter of Credit would violate one or more internal policies or procedures of such Issuing Bank applicable to letters of credit generally. 
 An Issuing Bank shall not be under any obligation to issue any Letter of Credit if 
 (i) any order, judgment or decree of any Governmental Authority or arbitrator shall by its terms purport to enjoin or restrain such Issuing Bank from issuing such Letter of Credit, or any law applicable to such Issuing Bank shall prohibit, or require that such Issuing Bank refrain from, the issuance of letters of credit generally or such Letter of Credit in particular or shall impose upon such Issuing Bank with respect to such Letter of Credit any restriction, reserve or capital requirement (for which such Issuing Bank is not otherwise compensated hereunder) not in effect on the Effective Date, or shall impose upon such Issuing Bank any unreimbursed loss, cost or expense that was not applicable on the Effective Date and that such Issuing Bank in good faith deems material to it or 
 (ii) the issuance of such Letter of Credit would violate one or more policies of such Issuing Bank applicable to letters of credit generally. 
 (b) Expiration Date . Each Letter of Credit shall expire (or be subject to termination by notice from the Issuing Bank to the beneficiary thereof) at or prior to the close of business on the earlier of (i) the date one year after the date of the issuance of such Letter of Credit (or, in the case of any extension thereof, one year after the then-current date at the time of such extension) and (ii) the date that is five (5) Business Days prior to the Maturity Date provided that any Letter of Credit with a one-year tenor may provide for the renewal thereof for additional one-year periods (which shall in no event extend beyond the date referred to in clause (ii) above) provided further that a Letter of Credit may expire up to one year 

beyond the Maturity Date so long as the Company cash collateralizes 103 of the amount available to be drawn under such Letter of Credit no later than five (5) Business Days prior to the Maturity Date in the manner described in Section 2.06(j) and otherwise on terms reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent and the applicable Issuing Bank. 
 (c) Participations . By the issuance of a Letter of Credit (or an amendment to a Letter of Credit increasing the amount thereof) and without any further action on the part of the Issuing Bank or the Revolving Lenders, the Issuing Bank hereby grants to each Revolving Lender, and each Revolving Lender hereby acquires from the Issuing Bank, a participation in such Letter of Credit equal to such Lender s Applicable Percentage of the aggregate Dollar Amount available to be drawn under such Letter of Credit. In consideration and in furtherance of the foregoing, each Revolving Lender hereby absolutely and unconditionally agrees to pay to the Administrative Agent, for the account of the Issuing Bank, such Lender s Applicable Percentage of each LC Disbursement made by the Issuing Bank and not reimbursed by the Company on the date due as provided in paragraph (e) of this Section, or of any reimbursement payment required to be refunded to the Company for any reason. Each Revolving Lender acknowledges and agrees that its obligation to acquire participations pursuant to this paragraph in respect of Letters of Credit is absolute and unconditional and shall not be affected by any circumstance whatsoever, including any amendment, renewal or extension of any Letter of Credit or the occurrence and continuance of a Default or reduction or termination of the Commitments, and that each such payment shall be made without any offset, abatement, withholding or reduction whatsoever. 
 (d) Reimbursement . If the Issuing Bank shall make any LC Disbursement in respect of a Letter of Credit, the Company shall reimburse such LC Disbursement by paying to the Administrative Agent an amount in the currency of such LC Disbursement equal to such LC Disbursement not later than 2 00 p.m., Local Time, on the date that such LC Disbursement is made, if the Company shall have received notice of such LC Disbursement prior to 1 00 p.m., Local Time, on such date, or, if such notice has not been received by the Company prior to such time on such date, then not later than 2 00 p.m., Local Time, on (i) the Business Day that the Company receives such notice, if such notice is received prior to 1 00 p.m., Local Time, on the day of receipt, or (ii) the Business Day immediately following the day that the Company receives such notice, if such notice is not received prior to such time on the day of receipt provided that (x) if such LC Disbursement is denominated in Dollars, the Company may, subject to the conditions to borrowing set forth herein, request in accordance with Section 2.03 or 2.05 that such payment be financed with an ABR Revolving Borrowing or Swingline Loan in an equivalent amount or (y) if such LC Disbursement is denominated in a Foreign Currency, the Company may, subject to the conditions to borrowings set forth herein, request in accordance with Section 2.03 that such payment be converted into an equivalent amount of an ABR Revolving Borrowing denominated in Dollars in an amount equal to the Dollar Amount of such Foreign Currency and, in each case, to such LC Disbursement and, to the extent so financed, the Company s obligation to make such payment shall be discharged and replaced by the resulting ABR Revolving Borrowing or Swingline Loan, as applicable. If the Company fails to make such payment when due, the Administrative Agent shall notify each Revolving Lender of the applicable LC Disbursement, the payment then due from the Company in respect thereof and such Lender s Applicable Percentage thereof. Promptly following receipt of such notice, each Revolving Lender shall pay to the Administrative Agent its Applicable Percentage of the payment then due from the Company, in the same manner as provided in Section 2.07 with respect to Loans made by such Lender (and Section 2.07 shall apply, mutatis mutandis , to the payment obligations of the Revolving Lenders), and the Administrative Agent shall promptly pay to the Issuing Bank the amounts so received by it from the Revolving Lenders. Promptly following receipt by the Administrative Agent of any payment from the Company pursuant to this paragraph, the Administrative Agent shall distribute such payment to the Issuing Bank or, to the extent that Revolving Lenders have made payments pursuant to this paragraph to reimburse the Issuing Bank, then to such Lenders and the Issuing Bank as their interests may appear. Any payment made by a Revolving Lender pursuant to this paragraph to reimburse the Issuing Bank for any LC Disbursement (other than the funding of ABR Revolving Loans or a Swingline Loan as contemplated above) shall not constitute a Loan and shall not relieve the Company of its obligation to reimburse such LC Disbursement. If the Company s reimbursement of, or obligation to reimburse, any amounts in any Foreign Currency would subject the Administrative Agent, any Issuing Bank or any Lender to any stamp duty, ad valorem charge or similar tax that would not be payable if such reimbursement were made or required to be made in Dollars, the Company shall, at its option, either (x) pay the amount of any such tax requested by the Administrative Agent, the relevant Issuing Bank or the relevant Lender or (y) reimburse 

each LC Disbursement made in such Foreign Currency in Dollars, in an amount equal to the Dollar Amount thereof, calculated using the applicable Exchange Rates, on the date such LC Disbursement is made. 
 (e) Obligations Absolute . The Company s obligation to reimburse LC Disbursements as provided in paragraph (e) of this Section shall be absolute, unconditional and irrevocable, and shall be performed strictly in accordance with the terms of this Agreement under any and all circumstances whatsoever and irrespective of (i) any lack of validity or enforceability of any Letter of Credit or this Agreement, or any term or provision therein, (ii) any draft or other document presented under a Letter of Credit proving to be forged, fraudulent or invalid in any respect or any statement therein being untrue or inaccurate in any respect, (iii) payment by the Issuing Bank under a Letter of Credit against presentation of a draft or other document that does not comply with the terms of such Letter of Credit, (iv) any other event or circumstance whatsoever, whether or not similar to any of the foregoing, that might, but for the provisions of this Section, constitute a legal or equitable discharge of, or provide a right of setoff against, the Company s obligations hereunder or (v) any adverse change in the relevant exchange rates or in the availability of the relevant Foreign Currency to the Company or any Subsidiary or in the relevant currency markets generally. Neither the Administrative Agent, the Revolving Lenders nor the Issuing Bank, nor any of their Related Parties, shall have any liability or responsibility by reason of or in connection with the issuance or transfer of any Letter of Credit or any payment or failure to make any payment thereunder (irrespective of any of the circumstances referred to in the preceding sentence), or any error, omission, interruption, loss or delay in transmission or delivery of any draft, notice or other communication under or relating to any Letter of Credit (including any document required to make a drawing thereunder), any error in interpretation of technical terms, any error in translation or any consequence arising from causes beyond the control of the Issuing Bank provided that the foregoing shall not be construed to excuse the Issuing Bank from liability to the Company to the extent of any direct damages (as opposed to special, indirect, consequential or punitive damages, claims in respect of which are hereby waived by the Company to the extent permitted by applicable law) suffered by the Company that are caused by the Issuing Bank s failure to exercise care when determining whether drafts and other documents presented under a Letter of Credit comply with the terms thereof. The parties hereto expressly agree that, in the absence of gross negligence, bad faith or willful misconduct on the part of the Issuing Bank (as finally determined by a nonappealable judgment of a court of competent jurisdiction), the Issuing Bank shall be deemed to have exercised care in each such determination. In furtherance of the foregoing and without limiting the generality thereof, the parties agree that, with respect to documents presented which appear on their face to be in substantial compliance with the terms of a Letter of Credit, the Issuing Bank may, in its sole discretion, either accept and make payment upon such documents without responsibility for further investigation, regardless of any notice or information to the contrary, or refuse to accept and make payment upon such documents if such documents are not in strict compliance with the terms of such Letter of Credit. 
 (f) Disbursement Procedures . The Issuing Bank for any Letter of Credit shall, within the time allowed by applicable law or the specific terms of the Letter of Credit following its receipt thereof, examine all documents purporting to represent a demand for payment under a Letter of Credit. The Issuing Bank shall promptly after such examination notify the Administrative Agent and the Company by telephone (confirmed by telecopy or electronic mail) of such demand for payment and whether the Issuing Bank has made or will make an LC Disbursement thereunder provided that any failure to give or delay in giving such notice shall not relieve the Company of its obligation to reimburse the Issuing Bank and the Revolving Lenders with respect to any such LC Disbursement. 
 (g) Interim Interest . If the Issuing Bank for any Letter of Credit shall make any LC Disbursement, then, unless the Company shall reimburse such LC Disbursement in full in the applicable currency on the date such LC Disbursement is made, the unpaid amount thereof shall bear interest, for each day from and including the date such LC Disbursement is made to but excluding the date that the reimbursement is due and payable, at the rate per annum then applicable to ABR Revolving Loans and such interest shall be due and payable on the date when such reimbursement is payable provided that, if the Company fails to reimburse such LC Disbursement when due pursuant to paragraph (e) of this Section, then Section 2.13(d) shall apply. Interest accrued pursuant to this paragraph shall be for the account of the Issuing Bank, except that interest accrued on and after the date of payment by any 

Revolving Lender pursuant to paragraph (e) of this Section to reimburse the Issuing Bank shall be for the account of such Lender to the extent of such payment. 
 (h) Replacement and Resignation of Issuing Bank . 
 (i) An Issuing Bank may be replaced at any time by written agreement among the Company, the Administrative Agent, the replaced Issuing Bank and the successor Issuing Bank. The Administrative Agent shall notify the Revolving Lenders of any such replacement of the Issuing Bank. At the time any such replacement shall become effective, the Company shall pay all unpaid fees accrued for the account of the replaced Issuing Bank pursuant to Section 2.12(b). From and after the effective date of any such replacement, (i) the successor Issuing Bank shall have all the rights and obligations of an Issuing Bank under this Agreement with respect to Letters of Credit to be issued by it thereafter and (ii) references herein to the term Issuing Bank shall be deemed to refer to such successor or to any previous Issuing Bank, or to such successor and all previous Issuing Banks, as the context shall require. After the replacement of an Issuing Bank hereunder, the replaced Issuing Bank shall remain a party hereto and shall continue to have all the rights and obligations of an Issuing Bank under this Agreement with respect to Letters of Credit then outstanding and issued by it prior to such replacement, but shall not be required to issue additional Letters of Credit or extend or otherwise amend any existing Letter of Credit. 
 (j) Subject to the appointment and acceptance of a successor Issuing Bank, the Issuing Bank may resign as an Issuing Bank at any time upon thirty days prior written notice to the Administrative Agent, the Company and the Lenders, in which case, such resigning Issuing Bank shall be replaced in accordance with Section 2.06(i)(i) above. 
 (k) Cash Collateralization . If any Event of Default shall occur and be continuing, on the Business Day that the Company receives notice from the Administrative Agent or the Required Lenders (or, if the maturity of the Loans has been accelerated, Revolving Lenders with LC Exposure representing greater than 50 of the total LC Exposure) demanding the deposit of cash collateral pursuant to this paragraph, the Company shall deposit in an account with the Administrative Agent, in the name of the Administrative Agent and for the benefit of the Revolving Lenders (the LC Collateral Account ), an amount in cash equal to 103 of the Dollar Amount of the LC Exposure in the applicable currencies as of such date plus any accrued and unpaid interest thereon provided that the obligation to deposit such cash collateral shall become effective immediately, and such deposit shall become immediately due and payable, without demand or other notice of any kind, upon the occurrence of any Event of Default with respect to the Company described in clause (h) or (i) of Section 7.01. The Company also shall deposit cash collateral pursuant to this paragraph as and to the extent required by Section 2.11(b). Such deposit shall be held by the Administrative Agent as collateral for the payment and performance of the Secured Obligations. In addition, and without limiting the foregoing or paragraph (c) of this Section, if any LC Exposure remains outstanding after the expiration date specified in said paragraph (c), the Company shall immediately deposit into the Collateral Account an amount in cash equal to 103 of such LC Exposure as of such date plus any accrued and unpaid interest thereon. The Administrative Agent shall have exclusive dominion and control, including the exclusive right of withdrawal, over such account and the Company hereby grants the Administrative Agent a security interest in the LC Collateral Account. Other than any interest earned on the investment of such deposits, which investments shall be made at the option and sole discretion of the Administrative Agent and at the Company s risk and expense, such deposits shall not bear interest. Interest or profits, if any, on such investments shall accumulate in such account. Moneys in such account shall be applied by the Administrative Agent to reimburse the Issuing Bank for LC Disbursements for which it has not been reimbursed and, to the extent not so applied, shall be held for the satisfaction of the reimbursement obligations of the Company for the LC Exposure at such time or, if the maturity of the Loans has been accelerated (but subject to the consent of Revolving Lenders with LC Exposure representing greater than 50 of the total LC Exposure), be applied to satisfy other Secured Obligations. If the Company is required to provide an amount of cash collateral hereunder as a result of the occurrence of an Event of Default, such amount (to the extent not applied as aforesaid) shall be returned to the Company within three (3) Business Days after all Events of Default have been cured or waived. 
 (l) Letters of Credit Issued for Account of Subsidiaries . Notwithstanding that a Letter of Credit issued or outstanding hereunder supports any obligations of, or is for the account of, a Subsidiary, or 

states that a Subsidiary is the account party, applicant, customer, instructing party, or the like of or for such Letter of Credit, and without derogating from any rights of the applicable Issuing Bank (whether arising by contract, at law, in equity or otherwise) against such Subsidiary in respect of such Letter of Credit, the Company (i) shall reimburse, indemnify and compensate the applicable Issuing Bank hereunder for such Letter of Credit (including to reimburse any and all drawings thereunder) as if such Letter of Credit had been issued solely for the account of the Company and (ii) irrevocably waives any and all defenses that might otherwise be available to it as a guarantor or surety of any or all of the obligations of such Subsidiary in respect of such Letter of Credit. The Company hereby acknowledges that the issuance of such Letters of Credit for its Subsidiaries inures to the benefit of the Company, and that the Company s business derives substantial benefits from the businesses of such Subsidiaries. 
 (m) Issuing Bank Agreements . Unless otherwise requested by the Administrative Agent, each Issuing Bank shall report in writing to the Administrative Agent (i) promptly following the end of each calendar month, the aggregate amount of Letters of Credit issued by it and outstanding at the end of such month, (ii) on or prior to each Business Day on which such Issuing Bank expects to issue, amend, renew or extend any Letter of Credit, the date of such issuance, amendment, renewal or extension, and the aggregate face amount of the Letter of Credit to be issued, amended, renewed or extended by it and outstanding after giving effect to such issuance, amendment, renewal or extension occurred (and whether the amount thereof changed), it being understood that such Issuing Bank shall not permit any issuance, renewal, extension or amendment resulting in an increase in the amount of any Letter of Credit to occur without first obtaining written confirmation from the Administrative Agent that it is then permitted under this Agreement, (iii) on each Business Day on which such Issuing Bank makes any payment under any Letter of Credit, the date of such payment under such Letter of Credit and the amount of such payment, (iv) on any Business Day on which the Borrower fails to reimburse any payment under any Letter of Credit required to be reimbursed to such Issuing Bank on such day, the date of such failure and the amount of such payment and (v) on any other Business Day, such other information as the Administrative Agent shall reasonably request. 
 SECTION 12.07. Funding of Borrowings . (a) Each Lender shall make each Loan to be made by it hereunder on the proposed date thereof by wire transfer of immediately available funds (i) in the case of Loans denominated in Dollars, by 1 00 p.m., Local Time, to the account of the Administrative Agent most recently designated by it for such purpose by notice to the Lenders in an amount equal to such Lender s Applicable Percentage and (ii) in the case of each Loan denominated in a Foreign Currency, by 1 00 p.m., Local Time, in the city of the Administrative Agent s Term Benchmark Payment Office for such currency and Borrower and at such Term Benchmark Payment Office for such currency and Borrower in a Dollar Amount denominated in such currency equal to such Lender s Applicable Percentage provided that (i) Term Loans shall be made in a single advance as provided in Section 2.01(b) and (ii) Swingline Loans shall be made as provided in Section 2.05. The Administrative Agent will make such Loans available to the relevant Borrower by promptly crediting the amounts so received, in like funds, to any account specified in the Borrowing Request provided that ABR Revolving Loans made to finance the reimbursement of an LC Disbursement as provided in Section 2.06(e) shall be remitted by the Administrative Agent to the applicable Issuing Bank. 
 (a) Unless the Administrative Agent shall have received notice from a Lender prior to the proposed date of any Borrowing that such Lender will not make available to the Administrative Agent such Lender s share of such Borrowing, the Administrative Agent may assume that such Lender has made such share available on such date in accordance with paragraph (a) of this Section and may, in reliance upon such assumption, make available to the relevant Borrower a corresponding amount. In such event, if a Lender has not in fact made its share of the applicable Borrowing available to the Administrative Agent, then the applicable Lender and such Borrower severally agree to pay to the Administrative Agent forthwith on demand such corresponding amount with interest thereon, for each day from and including the date such amount is made available to such Borrower to but excluding the date of payment to the Administrative Agent, at (i) in the case of such Lender, the greater of the applicable Overnight Rate and a rate determined by the Administrative Agent in accordance with banking industry rules on interbank compensation or (ii) in the case of such Borrower, the interest rate applicable to ABR Loans, or in the case of Foreign Currencies, in accordance with such market practice, in each case, as applicable. If such Lender pays such amount to the Administrative Agent, then such amount shall constitute such Lender s Loan included in such Borrowing provided , that any interest received from a Borrower by the 

Administrative Agent during the period beginning when the Administrative Agent funded the Borrowing until such Lender pays such amount shall be solely for the account of the Administrative Agent. 
 SECTION 12.08. Interest Elections . (a) Each Borrowing initially shall be of the Type and Agreed Currency specified in the applicable Borrowing Request and, in the case of a Term Benchmark Borrowing, shall have an initial Interest Period as specified in such Borrowing Request. Thereafter, the relevant Borrower may elect to convert such Borrowing to a different Type or to continue such Borrowing and, in the case of a Term Benchmark Borrowing, may elect Interest Periods therefor, all as provided in this Section. A Borrower may elect different options with respect to different portions of the affected Borrowing, in which case each such portion shall be allocated ratably among the Lenders holding the Loans comprising such Borrowing, and the Loans comprising each such portion shall be considered a separate Borrowing. This Section shall not apply to Swingline Borrowings, which may not be converted or continued. 
 (a) To make an election pursuant to this Section, a Borrower, or the Company on its behalf, shall notify the Administrative Agent of such election (by telephone or irrevocable written notice in the case of a Borrowing denominated in Dollars or by irrevocable written notice (in the case of any such written notice, via an Interest Election Request signed by a Responsible Officer of such Borrower, or the Company on its behalf) in the case of a Borrowing denominated in a Foreign Currency) by the time that a Borrowing Request would be required under Section 2.03 if such Borrower were requesting a Borrowing of the Type resulting from such election to be made on the effective date of such election. Each such telephonic Interest Election Request shall be irrevocable and shall be confirmed promptly by hand delivery or telecopy to the Administrative Agent of a written Interest Election Request signed by a Responsible Officer of the relevant Borrower, or the Company on its behalf. Notwithstanding any contrary provision herein, this Section shall not be construed to permit any Borrower to (i) change the currency of any Borrowing, (ii) elect an Interest Period for Term Benchmark Loans that does not comply with Section 2.02(d), (iii) convert any Borrowing to a Borrowing of a Type not available under the Class of Commitments pursuant to which such Borrowing was made, (iv) elect the Canadian Prime Rate or a Central Bank Rate (it being understood and agreed that the Canadian Prime Rate and a Central Bank Rate shall only apply to the extent provided in Sections 2.08(e), 2.14(a) and 2.14(g)) or (v) elect Adjusted Daily Simple SOFR (it being understood and agreed that Adjusted Daily Simple SOFR shall only apply to the extent provided in Sections 2.08(e), 2.14(a) and 2.14(g)). 
 (b) Each telephonic and written Interest Election Request shall specify the following information in compliance with Section 2.02 
 (i) the name of the applicable Borrower and the Agreed Currency and amount of the Borrowing to which such Interest Election Request applies and, if different options are being elected with respect to different portions thereof, the portions thereof to be allocated to each resulting Borrowing (in which case the information to be specified pursuant to clauses (iii) and (iv) below shall be specified for each resulting Borrowing) 
 (ii) the effective date of the election made pursuant to such Interest Election Request, which shall be a Business Day 
 (iii) whether the resulting Borrowing is to be an ABR Borrowing (in the case of a Borrowing denominated in Dollars) or a Term Benchmark Borrowing and 
 (iv) if the resulting Borrowing is a Term Benchmark Borrowing, the Interest Period and Agreed Currency to be applicable thereto after giving effect to such election, which Interest Period shall be a period contemplated by the definition of the term Interest Period . 
 If any such Interest Election Request requests a Term Benchmark Borrowing but does not specify an Interest Period, then the applicable Borrower shall be deemed to have selected an Interest Period of one month s duration. 
 (c) Promptly following receipt of an Interest Election Request, the Administrative Agent shall advise each Lender of the details thereof and of such Lender s portion of each resulting Borrowing. 

(d) If the relevant Borrower fails to deliver a timely Interest Election Request with respect to a Term Benchmark Borrowing prior to the end of the Interest Period applicable thereto, then, unless such Borrowing is repaid as provided herein, at the end of such Interest Period, such Borrowing shall automatically continue as a Term Benchmark Borrowing in the same Agreed Currency with an Interest Period of one month unless (x) such Term Benchmark Borrowing is or was repaid in accordance with Section 2.11 or (y) such Borrower shall have given the Administrative Agent an Interest Election Request requesting that, at the end of such Interest Period, such Term Benchmark Borrowing continue as a Term Benchmark Borrowing for the same or another Interest Period. 
 Notwithstanding any contrary provision hereof, if an Event of Default has occurred and is continuing and the Administrative Agent, at the request of the Required Lenders, so notifies the Company, then, so long as an Event of Default is continuing 
 (i) no outstanding Borrowing may be converted to or continued as a Term Benchmark Borrowing 
 (ii) unless repaid, each Term Benchmark Borrowing and each RFR Borrowing, in each case, denominated in Dollars shall be converted to an ABR Borrowing at the end of the Interest Period applicable thereto (or immediately in the case of an RFR Borrowing) 
 (iii) unless repaid, each Term Benchmark Borrowing denominated in Canadian Dollars shall, on the last day of the Interest Period applicable thereto, bear interest at a rate per annum equal to the Canadian Prime Rate plus the Applicable Rate and 
 (iv) unless repaid, each Borrowing denominated in a Foreign Currency (other than Canadian Dollars) shall, on the last day of the Interest Period applicable thereto (or immediately in the case of an RFR Borrowing), bear interest at a rate per annum equal to the Central Bank Rate for such Foreign Currency plus the CBR Spread 
 provided that, in the case of the foregoing clauses (iii) and (iv), if the Administrative Agent determines (which determination shall be conclusive and binding absent manifest error) that the Canadian Prime Rate or Central Bank Rate, as applicable, for such Foreign Currency cannot be determined, any outstanding affected Term Benchmark Loans or RFR Loans denominated in such Foreign Currency shall either be (1) converted to an ABR Borrowing denominated in Dollars (in an amount equal to the Dollar Amount of such Foreign Currency) at the end of the Interest Period therefor (or immediately in the case of an RFR Borrowing) or (2) prepaid at the end of the applicable Interest Period therefor (or immediately in the case of an RFR Borrowing) in full provided further that if no election in respect of any such Term Benchmark Loan is made by the applicable Borrower by the earlier of (A) the date that is three Business Days after receipt by such Borrower of such notice and (B) the last day of the current Interest Period for the applicable Term Benchmark Loan, such Borrower shall be deemed to have elected clause (1) above. 
 SECTION 12.09. Termination and Reduction of Commitments . (a) Unless previously terminated, (i) the aggregate Term Loan Commitments shall be automatically and permanently reduced to zero on the Effective Date upon the funding of the Term Loans pursuant to Section 2.01(b), and in any event shall be automatically and permanently reduced to zero at 3 00 p.m. (New York City time) on the Effective Date and (ii) all other Commitments shall terminate on the Maturity Date. 
 (a) The Company may at any time terminate, or from time to time reduce, the Revolving Commitments provided that (i) each reduction of the applicable Commitments shall be in an amount that is an integral multiple of 1,000,000 and not less than 5,000,000 and (ii) the Company shall not terminate or reduce the Revolving Commitments if, after giving effect to any concurrent prepayment of the Loans in accordance with Section 2.11, (x) the Dollar Amount of the Total Revolving Credit Exposure would exceed the aggregate Revolving Commitments, (y) the Dollar Amount of the Total Revolving Credit Exposure denominated in Foreign Currencies would exceed the Foreign Currency Sublimit or (z) the Dollar Amount of the Revolving Credit Exposure of any Lender would exceed the Revolving Commitment of such Lender. 

(b) The Company shall notify the Administrative Agent of any election to terminate or reduce the Commitments under paragraph (b) of this Section at least three (3) Business Days prior to the effective date of such termination or reduction, specifying such election and the effective date thereof. Promptly following receipt of any notice, the Administrative Agent shall advise the Lenders of the contents thereof. Each notice delivered by the Company pursuant to this Section shall be irrevocable provided that a notice of termination of the Commitments delivered by the Company may state that such notice is conditioned upon the effectiveness of other credit facilities or other transactions specified therein, in which case such notice may be revoked by the Company (by notice to the Administrative Agent on or prior to the specified effective date) if such condition is not satisfied. Any termination or reduction of the Commitments shall be permanent. Each reduction of the Commitments shall be made ratably among the Lenders in accordance with their respective Commitments. 
 (c) Notwithstanding the foregoing, on December 31, 2023, the aggregate Revolving Commitments shall be automatically, permanently and ratably reduced to 150,000,000 without further action or notice by any party hereto provided that, at any time prior to the occurrence of the foregoing automatic reduction in the Revolving Commitments, but in all cases subject to the first proviso to Section 9.02(b), the Required Revolving Lenders and the Company may agree in writing to reduce the amount of the foregoing Revolving Commitment reduction or accelerate or delay the timing of such automatic reduction of the Revolving Commitments required by this Section 2.09(d). 
 SECTION 12.10. Repayment and Amortization of Loans Evidence of Debt . (a) Each Borrower hereby unconditionally promises to pay (i) to the Administrative Agent for the account of each Revolving Lender the then unpaid principal amount of each Revolving Loan made to such Borrower on the Maturity Date in the currency of such Loan and (ii) in the case of the Company, to the Administrative Agent for the account of the Swingline Lender the then unpaid principal amount of each Swingline Loan on the earlier of the Maturity Date and the first date after such Swingline Loan is made that is the 15 th or last day of a calendar month and is at least two Business Days after such Swingline Loan is made provided that on each date that a Revolving Borrowing is made, the Company shall repay all Swingline Loans then outstanding and the proceeds of any such Borrowing shall be applied by the Administrative Agent to repay any Swingline Loans outstanding. Commencing with December 31, 2021, the Company shall repay the Term Loans in Dollars on the last Business Day of each December, March, June and September ending after the Effective Date, in each case, in an amount on each such date equal to 2.5 of the initial aggregate principal amount of the Term Loans funded on the Effective Date (as any such amortization payment may be adjusted from time to time pursuant to Section 2.11(a) and Section 2.11(d)). To the extent not previously repaid, all unpaid Term Loans shall be paid in full in Dollars by the Company on the Maturity Date. 
 (a) Each Lender shall maintain in accordance with its usual practice an account or accounts evidencing the indebtedness of each Borrower to such Lender resulting from each Loan made by such Lender, including the amounts of principal and interest payable and paid to such Lender from time to time hereunder. 
 (b) The Administrative Agent shall maintain accounts in which it shall record (i) the amount of each Loan made hereunder, the Class, Agreed Currency and Type thereof and the Interest Period applicable thereto, (ii) the amount of any principal or interest due and payable or to become due and payable from each Borrower to each Lender hereunder and (iii) the amount of any sum received by the Administrative Agent hereunder for the account of the Lenders and each Lender s share thereof. 
 (c) The entries made in the accounts maintained pursuant to paragraph (b) or (c) of this Section shall be prima facie evidence of the existence and amounts of the obligations recorded therein (absent manifest error) provided that the failure of any Lender or the Administrative Agent to maintain such accounts or any error therein shall not in any manner affect the Obligations. 
 (d) Any Lender may request that Loans made by it to any Borrower be evidenced by a promissory note. In such event, the relevant Borrower shall prepare, execute and deliver to such Lender a promissory note payable to such Lender (or, if requested by such Lender, to such Lender and its registered assigns) and in substantially the form attached hereto as Exhibit I. Thereafter, the Loans evidenced by such promissory note and interest thereon shall at all times (including after assignment 

pursuant to Section 9.04) be represented by one or more promissory notes in such form payable to the payee named therein (or, if such promissory note is a registered note, to such payee and its registered assigns). 
 SECTION 12.11. Prepayment of Loans . 
 (a) Any Borrower shall have the right at any time and from time to time to prepay any Borrowing in whole or in part, subject to prior notice in accordance with the provisions of this Section 2.11(a). The applicable Borrower, or the Company on behalf of the applicable Borrower, shall notify the Administrative Agent (and, in the case of prepayment of a Swingline Loan, the Swingline Lender) by written notice (promptly followed by telephonic confirmation of such request) of any prepayment hereunder (i) in the case of prepayment of a Term Benchmark Borrowing, not later than 2 00 p.m., Local Time, three (3) U.S. Government Securities Business Days (in the case of a Term Benchmark Borrowing denominated in Dollars) or four (4) Business Days (in the case of a Term Benchmark Borrowing denominated in a Foreign Currency), in each case before the date of prepayment, (ii) in the case of prepayment of an ABR Borrowing, not later than 2 00 p.m 12 00 p.m ., Local Time, one Business Day before on the date of prepayment, (iii) in the case of prepayment of an RFR Revolving Borrowing denominated in Sterling, not later than 2 00 p.m., Local Time, five (5) RFR Business Days before the date of prepayment, (iv) in the case of prepayment of an RFR Revolving Borrowing denominated in Dollars, not later than 2 00 p.m., Local Time, five (5) RFR Business Days before the date of prepayment or (v) in the case of prepayment of a Swingline Loan, not later than 2 00 p.m., Local Time, on the date of prepayment. Each such notice shall be irrevocable and shall specify the prepayment date and the principal amount of each Borrowing or portion thereof to be prepaid provided that, a notice of prepayment delivered by the Company may state that such notice is conditioned upon the effectiveness of other credit facilities or other transactions specified therein, in which case such notice may be revoked by the Company (by notice to the Administrative Agent on or prior to the specified effective date) if such condition is not satisfied. Promptly following receipt of any such notice relating to a Borrowing, the Administrative Agent shall advise the Lenders of the contents thereof. Each partial prepayment of any Borrowing shall be in an amount that would be permitted in the case of an advance of a Borrowing of the same Type as provided in Section 2.02. Each prepayment of a Revolving Borrowing shall be applied ratably to the Revolving Loans included in the prepaid Revolving Borrowing, each voluntary prepayment of a Term Loan Borrowing shall be applied ratably to the Term Loans included in the prepaid Term Loan Borrowing in such order of application as directed by the Company, and each mandatory prepayment of a Term Loan Borrowing shall be applied in accordance with Section 2.11(d). Prepayments shall be accompanied by (i) accrued interest to the extent required by Section 2.13 and (ii) break funding payments pursuant to Section 2.16. 
 (b) If at any time (including, without limitation, on the date of and after giving effect to any reduction of the Revolving Commitments pursuant to Section 2.09(d)) , (i) other than as a result of fluctuations in currency exchange rates, (A) the sum of the aggregate principal Dollar Amount of all of the Revolving Credit Exposures (calculated, with respect to those Credit Events denominated in Foreign Currencies, as of the most recent Revaluation Date with respect to each such Credit Event) exceeds the aggregate Revolving Commitments or (B) the sum of the aggregate principal Dollar Amount of all of the outstanding Revolving Credit Exposures denominated in Foreign Currencies (the Foreign Currency Exposure (so calculated), as of the most recent Revaluation Date with respect to each such Credit Event, exceeds the Foreign Currency Sublimit or (ii) solely as a result of fluctuations in currency exchange rates, (A) the sum of the aggregate principal Dollar Amount of all of the Revolving Credit Exposures (so calculated) exceeds 103 of the aggregate Revolving Commitments or (B) the Foreign Currency Exposure, as of the most recent Revaluation Date with respect to each such Credit Event, exceeds 103 of the Foreign Currency Sublimit, then the Borrowers shall, in each case, within five (5) Business Days following receipt of notice from the Administrative Agent, repay Revolving Borrowings or cash collateralize LC Exposure in an account with the Administrative Agent pursuant to Section 2.06(j), as applicable, in an aggregate principal amount sufficient to cause (x) the aggregate Dollar Amount of all Revolving Credit Exposures (so calculated) to be less than or equal to the aggregate Revolving Commitments and (y) the Foreign Currency Exposure to be less than or equal to the Foreign Currency Sublimit, as applicable. 

(c) In the event and on each occasion that any Net Proceeds are received by or on behalf of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries in respect of any Prepayment Event, the Company shall, within three (3) Business Days after such Net Proceeds are received, prepay the Obligations as set forth in Section 2.11(d) below in an aggregate amount equal to 100 of such Net Proceeds provided that, notwithstanding the foregoing, Net Proceeds received by any Loan Party in connection with a Prepayment Event that are required to be used to prepay the Obligations pursuant to this Section 2.11(c) (collectively, the Reinvestment Eligible Funds shall not be required to be so used to prepay the Obligations to the extent that such Reinvestment Eligible Funds are used to purchase, replace, repair, restore or otherwise acquire properties or assets (including pursuant to a Permitted Acquisition or any other investment permitted hereunder) used in such Person s by the Loan Parties in their ordinary course of business within 365 days after receipt of such Net Proceeds, provided that, (i) no Default or Event of Default has occurred and is continuing and (ii) to the extent of any such Net Proceeds therefrom that have not been so applied by the end of such 365-day period, a prepayment shall be required in an amount equal to such Net Proceeds that have not been so applied at such time. 
 (d) All such amounts pursuant to Section 2.11(c) shall be applied in direct order of maturity. Prepayments of the Term Loans may not be reborrowed. 
 (e) Notwithstanding anything in this Section 2.11 to the contrary, (i) the Borrowers shall not be required to prepay any amount that would otherwise be required to be paid pursuant to this Section 2.11 to the extent that (A) the relevant asset disposition described in clause (a) of the definition of Prepayment Event is consummated by any Foreign Subsidiary (or any Domestic Subsidiary of a Foreign Subsidiary), or (B) the relevant events described in clause (b) of the definition of Prepayment Event produce Net Proceeds received by any Foreign Subsidiary (or any Domestic Subsidiary of a Foreign Subsidiary), as the case may be, solely to the extent and for so long as the repatriation to the Company of any such amount or application of any such amount to the Obligations of any Subsidiary Borrower would be prohibited under any law, regulation or order of any Governmental Authority or conflict with the fiduciary duties of such Foreign Subsidiary s directors, or result in, or could reasonably be expected to result in, a material risk of personal or criminal liability for any officer, director, employee, manager, member of management or consultant of such Foreign Subsidiary (the Borrowers hereby agree to cause the applicable Foreign Subsidiary to promptly take all commercially reasonable actions required by applicable law, regulation or order of such Governmental Authority to permit such repatriation or application of proceeds) it being understood that once the repatriation of the relevant affected Net Proceeds or application of any such amount to the Obligations of any Subsidiary Borrower, as the case may be, is permitted under the applicable law, regulation or order of such Governmental Authority and, to the extent applicable, would no longer conflict with the fiduciary duties of such director, or result in, or could reasonably be expected to result in, a material risk of personal or criminal liability for the Persons described above, the relevant Foreign Subsidiary will promptly (and in any event not later than two (2) Business Days after such repatriation or application of proceeds would be permitted) (net of additional Taxes payable or reserved against as a result thereof) cause the application of any such amount to the repayment of the Obligations as required pursuant to Section 2.11(c), and (ii) if the Borrowers determine in good faith that the repatriation of any amounts received in connection with the relevant Prepayment Event would result in material and adverse tax consequences, taking into account any foreign tax credit or benefit actually realized in connection with such repatriation (such amounts, a Restricted Amount ), as reasonably determined by the Company, the amount the Borrowers shall be required to mandatorily prepay pursuant to Section 2.11(c) shall be reduced by the Restricted Amount until such time as it may repatriate to the Company the Restricted Amount without incurring such material and adverse tax consequences provided that to the extent that the repatriation of any Net Proceeds from the relevant Foreign Subsidiary (or Domestic Subsidiary of a Foreign Subsidiary) would no longer have adverse tax consequences, an amount equal to the Net Proceeds not previously applied pursuant to the Obligations (for the avoidance of doubt, net of any costs or Taxes associated with the repatriation of relevant amounts), shall be promptly (any in any event within two (2) Business Days after such repatriation is permitted) applied to the repayment of the Obligations pursuant to Section 2.11(c) provided , further , that the obligation to apply such Net Cash Proceeds to repayment of the Obligations shall terminate on the date that is twelve (12) months after the date that the original payment pursuant to Section 2.11(c) would have been due (in the absence of any application of this Section 2.11(e)). 

(f) So long as the Covenant Relief Period is in effect, in the event and on each occasion that the aggregate amount of Qualified Cash exceeds 25,000,000 on any Friday (commencing with March 3, 2022) (any such excess amount, the Weekly Excess Qualified Cash Amount ), the Company shall, on the immediately following Monday (or if such Monday is not a Business Day, the immediately following Business Day), prepay the Obligations in an amount equal to such Weekly Excess Qualified Cash Amount unless the Required Revolving Lenders shall otherwise agree. Any prepayment made pursuant to this Section 2.11 shall be applied first, to prepay any outstanding Swingline Loans, second, to prepay any outstanding Revolving Loans, and third, to cash collateralize any LC Exposure in the manner provided under Section 2.06(l). 
 SECTION 12.12. Fees . (a) The Company agrees to pay to the Administrative Agent for the account of each Revolving Lender a commitment fee, which shall accrue at the Applicable Rate on the average daily Available Revolving Commitment of such Lender during the period from and including the Effective Date to but excluding the date on which such Revolving Commitment terminates provided that, if such Lender continues to have any Revolving Credit Exposure after its Revolving Commitment terminates, then such commitment fee shall continue to accrue on the daily amount of such Lender s Revolving Credit Exposure from and including the date on which its Revolving Commitment terminates to but excluding the date on which such Lender ceases to have any Revolving Credit Exposure provided further that no commitment fee shall be paid to a Defaulting Lender as provided in Section 2.24(a). Accrued commitment fees shall be payable in arrears on the fifteenth (15th) day following the last day of March, June, September and December of each year and on the date on which any Revolving Commitments terminate, commencing on the first such date to occur after the date hereof provided that any commitment fees accruing after the date on which any Revolving Commitments terminate shall be payable on demand. All commitment fees shall be computed on the basis of a year of 360 days and shall be payable for the actual number of days elapsed (including the first day but excluding the last day). 
 (a) The Company agrees to pay (i) to the Administrative Agent for the account of each Revolving Lender a participation fee with respect to its participations in Letters of Credit, which shall accrue at the same Applicable Rate used to determine the interest rate applicable to Term Benchmark Revolving Loans on the average daily Dollar Amount of such Lender s LC Exposure (excluding any portion thereof attributable to unreimbursed LC Disbursements) during the period from and including the Effective Date to but excluding the later of the date on which such Revolving Lender s Revolving Commitment terminates and the date on which such Lender ceases to have any LC Exposure, and (ii) to the Administrative Agent for the account of each Issuing Bank for its own account a fronting fee, which shall accrue at a rate per annum equal to 0.125 on the average daily Dollar Amount of the LC Exposure (excluding any portion thereof attributable to unreimbursed LC Disbursements) with respect to Letters of Credit issued by such Issuing Bank during the period from and including the Effective Date to but excluding the later of the date of termination of the Revolving Commitments and the date on which there ceases to be any LC Exposure with respect to Letters of Credit issued by such Issuing Bank, as well as such Issuing Bank s standard fees and commissions with respect to the issuance, amendment, cancellation, negotiation, transfer, presentment, renewal or extension of any Letter of Credit by such Issuing Bank or processing of drawings thereunder. Participation fees and fronting fees accrued through and including the last day of March, June, September and December of each year shall be payable on the fifteenth (15th) day following such last day, commencing on the first such date to occur after the Effective Date provided that all such fees shall be payable on the date on which the Revolving Commitments terminate and any such fees accruing after the date on which the Revolving Commitments terminate shall be payable on demand. Any other fees payable to an Issuing Bank pursuant to this paragraph shall be payable within ten (10) days after demand. All participation fees and fronting fees shall be computed on the basis of a year of 360 days and shall be payable for the actual number of days elapsed (including the first day but excluding the last day). 
 (b) The Company agrees to pay to the Administrative Agent, for its own account, fees payable in the amounts and at the times separately agreed upon between the Company and the Administrative Agent. 
 (c) All fees payable hereunder shall be paid on the dates due, in Dollars and immediately available funds, to the Administrative Agent (or to the Issuing Bank, in the case of fees payable to it) for distribution, in the case of commitment fees and participation fees, to the Lenders. Fees paid shall not be refundable under any circumstances. 

SECTION 12.13. Interest . (a) The Loans comprising each ABR Borrowing (including each Swingline Loan) shall bear interest at a rate per annum equal to the Alternate Base Rate plus the Applicable Rate. 
 (a) The Loans comprising each Term Benchmark Borrowing shall bear interest at a rate per annum equal to the Relevant Rate for the applicable currency and for the Interest Period in effect for such Borrowing plus the Applicable Rate. 
 (b) The Loans comprising each RFR Borrowing shall bear interest at a rate per annum equal to the applicable Adjusted Daily Simple RFR for the applicable currency plus the Applicable Rate. Each Canadian Prime Loan shall bear interest at a rate per annum equal to the Canadian Prime Rate plus the Applicable Rate. 
 (c) Notwithstanding the foregoing, if any principal of or interest on any Loan or any fee or other amount payable by any Borrower hereunder is not paid when due, whether at stated maturity, upon acceleration or otherwise, such overdue amount shall bear interest, after as well as before judgment, at a rate per annum equal to (i) in the case of overdue principal of any Loan, 2 plus the rate otherwise applicable to such Loan as provided in the preceding paragraphs of this Section or (ii) in the case of any other amount, 2 plus the rate applicable to ABR Loans as provided in paragraph (a) of this Section. 
 (d) Accrued interest on each Loan shall be payable in arrears, in the same Agreed Currency as the applicable Loan, on each Interest Payment Date for such Loan and, in the case of Revolving Loans, upon termination of the Revolving Commitments provided that (i) interest accrued pursuant to paragraph (d) of this Section shall be payable on demand, (ii) in the event of any repayment or prepayment of any Loan (other than a prepayment of an ABR Revolving Loan prior to the end of the Availability Period), accrued interest on the principal amount repaid or prepaid shall be payable on the date of such repayment or prepayment and (iii) in the event of any conversion of any Term Benchmark Loan prior to the end of the current Interest Period therefor, accrued interest on such Loan shall be payable on the effective date of such conversion. 
 (e) All interest hereunder shall be computed on the basis of a year of 360 days (except that interest computed by reference to the Canadian Prime Rate, the CDOR Rate, the Daily Simple RFR with respect to Sterling, the HIBOR Rate or the Alternate Base Rate at times when the Alternate Base Rate is based on the Prime Rate shall be computed on the basis of a year of 365 days (or 366 days in a leap year)) and shall be payable for the actual number of days elapsed (including the first day but excluding the last day). All interest hereunder on any Loan shall be computed on a daily basis based upon the outstanding principal amount of such Loan as of the applicable date of determination. A determination of the applicable Alternate Base Rate, Adjusted Term SOFR Rate, Term SOFR Rate, Adjusted EURIBOR Rate, EURIBOR Rate, CDOR Rate, Canadian Prime Rate, the HIBOR Rate, RFR, Daily Simple RFR, Adjusted Daily Simple RFR or Central Bank Rate shall be determined by the Administrative Agent, and such determination shall be conclusive absent manifest error. 
 SECTION 12.14. Alternate Rate of Interest . (a) Subject to clauses (b), (c), (d), (e), (f) and (g) of this Section 2.14 
 (i) the Administrative Agent determines (which determination shall be conclusive absent manifest error) (A) prior to the commencement of any Interest Period for a Term Benchmark Borrowing, that adequate and reasonable means do not exist for ascertaining the Adjusted Term SOFR Rate, the Adjusted EURIBOR Rate, the HIBOR Rate or the CDOR Rate, as applicable (including because the Relevant Screen Rate is not available or published on a current basis), for the applicable Agreed Currency and such Interest Period or (B) at any time, that adequate and reasonable means do not exist for ascertaining the applicable Adjusted Daily Simple RFR for the applicable Agreed Currency or 
 (ii) the Administrative Agent is advised by the Required Lenders that (A) prior to the commencement of any Interest Period for a Term Benchmark Borrowing, the Adjusted Term SOFR Rate, the Adjusted EURIBOR Rate, the HIBOR Rate or the CDOR Rate, as applicable, for the applicable Agreed Currency and such Interest Period will not adequately and fairly reflect the cost to such Lenders (or Lender) of making or maintaining their Loans (or its Loan) included in such Borrowing for the 

applicable Agreed Currency and such Interest Period or (B) at any time, the applicable Adjusted Daily Simple RFR for the applicable Agreed Currency will not adequately and fairly reflect the cost to such Lenders of making or maintaining their Loans included in such Borrowing for the applicable Agreed Currency 
 then the Administrative Agent shall give notice thereof to the Company and the Lenders by telephone, telecopy or electronic mail as promptly as practicable thereafter and, until (x) the Administrative Agent notifies the Company and the Lenders that the circumstances giving rise to such notice no longer exist with respect to the relevant Benchmark and (y) the Company delivers a new Interest Election Request in accordance with the terms of Section 2.08 or a new Borrowing Request in accordance with the terms of Section 2.03, (A) for Loans denominated in Dollars, any Interest Election Request that requests the conversion of any Borrowing to, or continuation of any Borrowing as, a Term Benchmark Borrowing and any Borrowing Request that requests a Term Benchmark Borrowing shall instead be deemed to be an Interest Election Request or a Borrowing Request, as applicable, for (x) an RFR Borrowing denominated in Dollars so long as the Adjusted Daily Simple SOFR is not also the subject of Section 2.14(a)(i) or (ii) or (y) an ABR Borrowing if the Adjusted Daily Simple SOFR is also the subject of Section 2.14(a)(i) or (ii) above, (B) for Loans denominated in Canadian Dollars, any Interest Election Request that requests the conversion of any Borrowing to, or continuation of any Borrowing as, a Term Benchmark Borrowing and any Borrowing Request that requests a Term Benchmark Borrowing shall instead be deemed to be an Interest Election Request or a Borrowing Request, as applicable, for Canadian Prime Borrowing and (C) for Loans denominated in a Foreign Currency (other than Canadian Dollars), any Interest Election Request that requests the conversion of any Borrowing to, or continuation of any Borrowing as, a Term Benchmark Borrowing and any Borrowing Request that requests a Term Benchmark Borrowing or an RFR Borrowing, in each case, for the relevant Benchmark, shall be ineffective provided that if the circumstances giving rise to such notice affect only one Type of Borrowings, then all other Types of Borrowings shall be permitted. 
 Furthermore, if any Term Benchmark Loan or RFR Loan in any Agreed Currency is outstanding on the date of the Company s receipt of the notice from the Administrative Agent referred to in this Section 2.14(a) with respect to a Relevant Rate applicable to such Term Benchmark Loan or RFR Loan, then until (x) the Administrative Agent notifies the Company and the Lenders that the circumstances giving rise to such notice no longer exist with respect to the relevant Benchmark and (y) the Borrower delivers a new Interest Election Request in accordance with the terms of Section 2.08 or a new Borrowing Request in accordance with the terms of Section 2.03 
 (i) (1) if such Term Benchmark Loan is denominated in Dollars, then on the last day of the Interest Period applicable to such Loan, such Loan shall be converted by the Administrative Agent to, and shall constitute, (x) an RFR Borrowing denominated in Dollars so long as the Adjusted Daily Simple SOFR for Dollar Borrowings is not also the subject of Section 2.14(a)(i) or (ii) above or (y) an ABR Loan if the Adjusted Daily Simple SOFR for Dollar Borrowings also is the subject of Section 2.14(a)(i) or (ii) above, on such day, and (2) if such RFR Loan is denominated in Dollars, such Loan shall on and from such day be converted by the Administrative Agent to, and shall constitute, an ABR Loan 
 (ii) if such Term Benchmark Loan is denominated in any Foreign Currency, (1) any such Term Benchmark Loan denominated in Canadian Dollars shall, on the last day of the Interest Period applicable to such Loan, bear interest at a rate per annum equal to the Canadian Prime Rate plus the Applicable Rate and (2) any such Term Benchmark Loan denominated in any other Foreign Currency shall, on the last day of the Interest Period applicable to such Loan, bear interest at the Central Bank Rate for such Foreign Currency plus the CBR Spread provided , that, if the Administrative Agent determines (which determination shall be conclusive and binding absent manifest error) that the Canadian Prime Rate or the Central Bank Rate, as the case may be, for such Foreign Currency cannot be determined, any outstanding affected Term Benchmark Loans denominated in such Foreign Currency shall, at the Company s election prior to such day (A) be prepaid by the Company on such day or (B) solely for the purpose of calculating the interest rate applicable to such Term Benchmark Loan, such Term Benchmark Loan denominated in such Foreign Currency shall be deemed to be a Term Benchmark Loan denominated in Dollars and shall accrue 

interest at the same interest rate applicable to Term Benchmark Loans denominated in Dollars at such time and 
 (iii) any RFR Loan denominated in Sterling shall on and from such day bear interest at the Central Bank Rate for Sterling plus the CBR Spread provided that, if the Administrative Agent determines (which determination shall be conclusive and binding absent manifest error) that the Central Bank Rate for Sterling cannot be determined, any outstanding affected RFR Loans denominated in Sterling, at the Company s election, shall either (A) be converted into ABR Loans denominated in Dollars (in an amount equal to the Dollar Amount of Sterling) immediately or (B) be prepaid in full immediately. 
 (b) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein or in any other Loan Document (and any Swap Agreement shall be deemed not to be a Loan Document for purposes of this Section 2.14), if a Benchmark Transition Event, and its related Benchmark Replacement Date have occurred prior to the Reference Time in respect of any setting of the then-current Benchmark, then (x) if a Benchmark Replacement is determined in accordance with clause (1) of the definition of Benchmark Replacement with respect to Dollars for such Benchmark Replacement Date, such Benchmark Replacement will replace such Benchmark for all purposes hereunder and under any Loan Document in respect of such Benchmark setting and subsequent Benchmark settings without any amendment to, or further action or consent of any other party to, this Agreement or any other Loan Document and (y) if a Benchmark Replacement is determined in accordance with clause (2) of the definition of Benchmark Replacement with respect to any Agreed Currency for such Benchmark Replacement Date, such Benchmark Replacement will replace such Benchmark for all purposes hereunder and under any Loan Document in respect of any Benchmark setting at or after 5 00 p.m. (New York City time) on the fifth (5th) Business Day after the date notice of such Benchmark Replacement is provided to the Lenders without any amendment to, or further action or consent of any other party to, this Agreement or any other Loan Document so long as the Administrative Agent has not received, by such time, written notice of objection to such Benchmark Replacement from Lenders comprising the Required Lenders of each affected Class. 
 (c) reserved . 
 (d) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein or in any other Loan Document, the Administrative Agent will have the right to make Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes from time to time and, notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein or in any other Loan Document, any amendments implementing such Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes will become effective without any further action or consent of any other party to this Agreement or any other Loan Document. 
 (e) The Administrative Agent will promptly notify the Company and the Lenders of (i) any occurrence of a Benchmark Transition Event, (ii) the implementation of any Benchmark Replacement, (iii) the effectiveness of any Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes, (iv) the removal or reinstatement of any tenor of a Benchmark pursuant to clause (f) below and (v) the commencement or conclusion of any Benchmark Unavailability Period. Any determination, decision or election that may be made by the Administrative Agent or, if applicable, any Lender (or group of Lenders) pursuant to this Section 2.14, including any determination with respect to a tenor, rate or adjustment or of the occurrence or non-occurrence of an event, circumstance or date and any decision to take or refrain from taking any action or any selection, will be conclusive and binding absent manifest error and may be made in its or their sole discretion and without consent from any other party to this Agreement or any other Loan Document, except, in each case, as expressly required pursuant to this Section 2.14. 
 (f) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein or in any other Loan Document, at any time (including in connection with the implementation of a Benchmark Replacement), (i) if the then-current Benchmark is a term rate (including Term SOFR, CDOR Rate, the HIBOR Rate or EURIBOR Rate) and either (A) any tenor for such Benchmark is not displayed on a screen or other information service that publishes such rate from time to time as selected by the Administrative Agent in its reasonable discretion or (B) the regulatory supervisor for the administrator of such Benchmark has provided a public statement or publication of information announcing that any tenor for such Benchmark is or will be no longer representative, then the Administrative Agent may modify the definition of Interest Period for any Benchmark settings at or after such time to remove such unavailable or non-representative tenor and (ii) if 

a tenor that was removed pursuant to clause (i) above either (A) is subsequently displayed on a screen or information service for a Benchmark (including a Benchmark Replacement) or (B) is not, or is no longer, subject to an announcement that it is or will no longer be representative for a Benchmark (including a Benchmark Replacement), then the Administrative Agent may modify the definition of Interest Period for all Benchmark settings at or after such time to reinstate such previously removed tenor. 
 (g) Upon the Company s receipt of notice of the commencement of a Benchmark Unavailability Period for any Benchmark, the Company may revoke any request for a Term Benchmark Borrowing or RFR Borrowing of such Type, or for any conversion to or continuation of Term Benchmark to be made, converted or continued as Loans of such Type during any Benchmark Unavailability Period for such Benchmark and, failing that, to the extent applicable to such Benchmark, either (x) the Company will be deemed to have converted any such request for a Term Benchmark Borrowing denominated in Dollars into a request for a Borrowing of or conversion to (A) an RFR Borrowing denominated in Dollars so long as the Adjusted Daily Simple SOFR is not the subject of a Benchmark Transition Event or (B) an ABR Borrowing if the Adjusted Daily Simple SOFR is the subject of a Benchmark Transition Event, or (y) any request relating to a Term Benchmark Borrowing or RFR Borrowing denominated in a Foreign Currency shall be ineffective. During any Benchmark Unavailability Period or at any time that a tenor for the then-current Benchmark is not an Available Tenor, (I) in the case of the Benchmark for Dollars, the component of ABR based upon the then-current Benchmark or such tenor for such Benchmark, as applicable, will not be used in any determination of ABR and (II) in the case of the Benchmark for Canadian Dollars, the component of the Canadian Prime Rate based upon the then-current Benchmark or such tenor for such Benchmark, as applicable, will not be used in any determination of the Canadian Prime Rate. 
 Furthermore, if any Term Benchmark Loan or RFR Loan in any Agreed Currency is outstanding on the date of the Company s receipt of notice of the commencement of a Benchmark Unavailability Period with respect to a Relevant Rate applicable to such Term Benchmark Loan or RFR Loan, then until such time as a Benchmark Replacement for such Agreed Currency is implemented pursuant to this Section 2.14 
 (i) if such Loan is denominated in Dollars, (1) any Term Benchmark Loan shall on the last day of the Interest Period applicable to such Loan be converted by the Administrative Agent to, and shall constitute, (x) an RFR Borrowing denominated in Dollars so long as the Adjusted Daily Simple SOFR is not the subject of a Benchmark Transition Event or (y) an ABR Loan if the Adjusted Daily Simple SOFR is the subject of a Benchmark Transition Event, on such day, and (2) any RFR Loan shall on and from such day be converted by the Administrative Agent to, and shall constitute, an ABR Loan 
 (ii) if such Term Benchmark Loan is denominated in any Foreign Currency, (1) any such Term Benchmark Loan denominated in Canadian Dollars shall, on the last day of the Interest Period applicable to such Loan, bear interest at a rate per annum equal to the Canadian Prime Rate plus the Applicable Rate and (2) any such Term Benchmark Loan denominated in any other Foreign Currency shall, on the last day of the Interest Period applicable to such Loan, bear interest at the Central Bank Rate for such Foreign Currency plus the CBR Spread provided that if the Administrative Agent determines (which determination shall be conclusive and binding absent manifest error) that the Canadian Prime Rate or the Central Bank Rate, as the case may be, for such Foreign Currency cannot be determined, any outstanding affected Term Benchmark Loans denominated in such Foreign Currency shall at the Company s election prior to such day (A) be prepaid by the Company on such day or (B) solely for the purpose of calculating the interest rate applicable to such Term Benchmark Loan, such Term Benchmark Loan denominated in such Foreign Currency shall be deemed to be a Term Benchmark Loan denominated in Dollars and shall accrue interest at the same interest rate applicable to Term Benchmark Loans denominated in Dollars at such time and 
 (iii) any RFR Loan denominated in Sterling shall on and from such day bear interest at the Central Bank Rate for Sterling plus the CBR Spread provided that, if the Administrative Agent determines (which determination shall be conclusive and binding absent manifest error) that the Central Bank Rate for Sterling cannot be determined, any outstanding affected RFR Loans denominated in Sterling, at the Company s election, shall either (A) be converted 

into ABR Loans denominated in Dollars (in an amount equal to the Dollar Amount of Sterling) immediately or (B) be prepaid in full immediately. 
 SECTION 12.15. Increased Costs . (a) If any Change in Law shall 
 (i) impose, modify or deem applicable any reserve, special deposit, liquidity or similar requirement (including any compulsory loan requirement, insurance charge or other assessment) against assets of, deposits with or for the account of, or credit extended by, any Lender (except any such reserve requirement reflected in the Adjusted EURIBOR Rate) or the Issuing Bank 
 (ii) impose on any Lender or the Issuing Bank or the applicable offshore interbank market for the applicable Agreed Currency any other condition, cost or expense (other than Taxes) affecting this Agreement or Loans made by such Lender or any Letter of Credit or participation therein or 
 (iii) subject any Recipient to any Taxes (other than (A) Indemnified Taxes, (B) Taxes described in clauses (b) through (d) of the definition of Excluded Taxes and (C) Connection Income Taxes) on its loans, loan principal, letters of credit, commitments, or other obligations, or its deposits, reserves, other liabilities or capital attributable thereto 
 and the result of any of the foregoing shall be to increase the cost to such Lender or such other Recipient of making, continuing, converting into or maintaining any Loan or of maintaining its obligation to make any such Loan (including, without limitation, pursuant to any conversion of any Borrowing denominated in an Agreed Currency into a Borrowing denominated in any other Agreed Currency) or to increase the cost to such Lender, the Issuing Bank or such other Recipient of participating in, issuing or maintaining any Letter of Credit (including, without limitation, pursuant to any conversion of any Borrowing denominated in an Agreed Currency into a Borrowing denominated in any other Agreed Currency) or to reduce the amount of any sum received or receivable by such Lender, the Issuing Bank or such other Recipient hereunder, whether of principal, interest or otherwise (including, without limitation, pursuant to any conversion of any Borrowing denominated in an Agreed Currency into a Borrowing denominated in any other Agreed Currency), then the applicable Borrower will pay to such Lender, the Issuing Bank or such other Recipient, as the case may be, such additional amount or amounts as will compensate such Lender, the Issuing Bank or such other Recipient, as the case may be, for such additional costs incurred or reduction suffered as reasonably determined by such Lender or the Issuing Bank (which determination shall be made in good faith (and not on an arbitrary or capricious basis) and consistent with similarly situated customers of the applicable Lender or the Issuing Bank under agreements having provisions similar to this Section 2.15 after consideration of such factors as such Lender or the Issuing Bank then reasonably determines to be relevant). 
 (b) If any Lender or the Issuing Bank determines that any Change in Law regarding capital or liquidity requirements has or would have the effect of reducing the rate of return on such Lender s or the Issuing Bank s capital or on the capital of such Lender s or the Issuing Bank s holding company, if any, as a consequence of this Agreement or the Loans made by, or participations in Letters of Credit held by, such Lender, or the Letters of Credit issued by the Issuing Bank, to a level below that which such Lender or the Issuing Bank or such Lender s or the Issuing Bank s holding company could have achieved but for such Change in Law (taking into consideration such Lender s or the Issuing Bank s policies and the policies of such Lender s or the Issuing Bank s holding company with respect to capital adequacy and liquidity), then from time to time the applicable Borrower will pay to such Lender or the Issuing Bank, as the case may be, such additional amount or amounts as will compensate such Lender or the Issuing Bank or such Lender s or the Issuing Bank s holding company for any such reduction suffered as reasonably determined by such Lender or the Issuing Bank (which determination shall be made in good faith (and not on an arbitrary or capricious basis) and consistent with similarly situated customers of the applicable Lender or the Issuing Bank under agreements having provisions similar to this Section 2.15 after consideration of such factors as such Lender or the Issuing Bank then reasonably determines to be relevant). 

(c) A certificate of a Lender or the Issuing Bank setting forth the amount or amounts and reasonable calculations with respect thereto necessary to compensate such Lender or the Issuing Bank or its holding company, as the case may be, as specified in paragraph (a) or (b) of this Section shall be delivered to the Company and shall be conclusive absent manifest error. The Company shall pay, or cause the other Borrowers to pay, such Lender or the Issuing Bank, as the case may be, the amount shown as due on any such certificate within thirty (30) days after receipt thereof. 
 (d) Failure or delay on the part of any Lender or the Issuing Bank to demand compensation pursuant to this Section shall not constitute a waiver of such Lender s or the Issuing Bank s right to demand such compensation provided that the Company shall not be required to compensate a Lender or the Issuing Bank pursuant to this Section for any increased costs or reductions incurred more than 90 days prior to the date that such Lender or the Issuing Bank, as the case may be, notifies the Company of the Change in Law giving rise to such increased costs or reductions and of such Lender s or the Issuing Bank s intention to claim compensation therefor provided further that, if the Change in Law giving rise to such increased costs or reductions is retroactive, then the 90-day period referred to above shall be extended to include the period of retroactive effect thereof. 
 SECTION 12.16. Break Funding Payments . 
 (a) With respect to Loans that are not RFR Loans, in the event of (i) the payment of any principal of any Term Benchmark Loan other than on the last day of an Interest Period applicable thereto (including as a result of an Event of Default or as a result of any prepayment pursuant to Section 2.11), (ii) the conversion of any Term Benchmark Loan other than on the last day of the Interest Period applicable thereto, (iii) the failure to borrow, convert, continue or prepay any Term Benchmark Loan on the date specified in any notice delivered pursuant hereto (regardless of whether such notice may be revoked under Section 2.11(a) and is revoked in accordance therewith) or (iv) the assignment of any Term Benchmark Loan other than on the last day of the Interest Period applicable thereto as a result of a request by the Company pursuant to Section 2.19, then, in any such event, the Borrowers shall compensate each Lender for the loss, cost and expense attributable to such event. Such loss, cost or expense to any Lender shall be deemed to include an amount determined by such Lender to be the excess, if any, of (i) the amount of interest which would have accrued on the principal amount of such Loan had such event not occurred, at the Adjusted Term SOFR Rate, the CDOR Rate, the HIBOR Rate or the Adjusted EURIBOR Rate, as applicable, that would have been applicable to such Loan, for the period from the date of such event to the last day of the then current Interest Period therefor (or, in the case of a failure to borrow, convert or continue, for the period that would have been the Interest Period for such Loan), over (ii) the amount of interest which would accrue on such principal amount for such period at the interest rate which such Lender would bid were it to bid, at the commencement of such period, for deposits in the relevant currency of a comparable amount and period from other banks in the applicable offshore interbank market. A certificate of any Lender setting forth any amount or amounts that such Lender is entitled to receive pursuant to this Section shall be delivered to the applicable Borrower and shall be conclusive absent manifest error. The applicable Borrower shall pay such Lender the amount shown as due on any such certificate within thirty (30) days after receipt thereof. 
 (b) With respect to RFR Loans, in the event of (i) the payment of any principal of any RFR Loan other than on the Interest Payment Date applicable thereto (including as a result of an Event of Default or an optional or mandatory prepayment of Loans), (ii) the failure to borrow or prepay any RFR Loan on the date specified in any notice delivered pursuant hereto (regardless of whether such notice may be revoked under Section 2.11(a) and is revoked in accordance therewith), (iii) the assignment of any RFR Loan other than on the Interest Payment Date applicable thereto as a result of a request by the Company pursuant to Section 2.19 or (iv) the failure by the Borrower to make any payment of any Loan or drawing under any Letter of Credit (or interest due thereof) denominated in a Foreign Currency on its scheduled due date or any payment thereof in a different currency, then, in any such event, the Borrowers shall compensate each Lender for the loss, cost and expense attributable to such event. A certificate of any Lender setting forth any amount or amounts that such Lender is entitled to receive pursuant to this Section shall be delivered to the applicable Borrower and shall be conclusive absent manifest error. The applicable Borrower shall pay such Lender the amount shown as due on any such certificate within thirty (30) days after receipt thereof. 

SECTION 12.17. Taxes . (a) Payments Free of Taxes . Any and all payments by or on account of any obligation of any Loan Party under any Loan Document shall be made without deduction or withholding for any Taxes, except as required by applicable law. If any applicable law (as determined in the good faith discretion of an applicable withholding agent) requires the deduction or withholding of any Tax from any such payment by a withholding agent, then the applicable withholding agent shall be entitled to make such deduction or withholding and shall timely pay the full amount deducted or withheld to the relevant Governmental Authority in accordance with applicable law and, if such Tax is an Indemnified Tax, then the sum payable by the applicable Loan Party shall be increased as necessary so that after such deduction or withholding has been made (including such deductions and withholdings applicable to additional sums payable under this Section 2.17) the applicable Recipient receives an amount equal to the sum it would have received had no such deduction or withholding of Indemnified Taxes been made. 
 (a) Payment of Other Taxes by the Borrowers . The relevant Borrower shall timely pay to the relevant Governmental Authority in accordance with applicable law, or at the option of the Administrative Agent timely reimburse it for, Other Taxes. 
 (b) Evidence of Payments . As soon as practicable after any payment of Taxes by any Loan Party to a Governmental Authority pursuant to this Section 2.17, such Loan Party shall deliver to the Administrative Agent the original or a certified copy of a receipt issued by such Governmental Authority evidencing such payment, a copy of the return reporting such payment or other evidence of such payment reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent. 
 (c) Indemnification by the Loan Parties . The Loan Parties shall indemnify each Recipient, within thirty (30) days after demand therefor, for the full amount of any Indemnified Taxes (including Indemnified Taxes imposed or asserted on or attributable to amounts payable under this Section) payable or paid by such Recipient or required to be withheld or deducted from a payment to such Recipient and any reasonable expenses arising therefrom or with respect thereto, whether or not such Indemnified Taxes were correctly or legally imposed or asserted by the relevant Governmental Authority. A certificate setting forth in reasonable detail the basis for such claim and the calculation of the amount of such payment or liability delivered to the relevant Borrower by a Lender (with a copy to the Administrative Agent), or by the Administrative Agent on its own behalf or on behalf of a Lender, shall be conclusive absent manifest error. 
 (d) Indemnification by the Lenders . Each Lender shall severally indemnify the Administrative Agent, within 10 days after demand therefor, for (i) any Indemnified Taxes attributable to such Lender (but only to the extent that any Loan Party has not already indemnified the Administrative Agent for such Indemnified Taxes and without limiting the obligation of the Loan Parties to do so), (ii) any Taxes attributable to such Lender s failure to comply with the provisions of Section 9.04(c) relating to the maintenance of a Participant Register and (iii) any Excluded Taxes attributable to such Lender, in each case, that are payable or paid by the Administrative Agent in connection with any Loan Document, and any reasonable expenses arising therefrom or with respect thereto, whether or not such Taxes were correctly or legally imposed or asserted by the relevant Governmental Authority. A certificate as to the amount of such payment or liability delivered to any Lender by the Administrative Agent shall be conclusive absent manifest error. Each Lender hereby authorizes the Administrative Agent to set off and apply any and all amounts at any time owing to such Lender under any Loan Document or otherwise payable by the Administrative Agent to the Lender from any other source against any amount due to the Administrative Agent under this paragraph (e). 
 (e) Status of Lenders. 
 (i) Any Lender that is entitled to an exemption from or reduction of withholding Tax with respect to payments made under any Loan Document shall deliver to the Borrowers and the Administrative Agent, at the time or times reasonably requested by the Borrowers or the Administrative Agent, such properly completed and executed documentation reasonably requested by the Borrowers or the Administrative Agent as will permit such payments to be made without withholding or at a reduced rate of withholding. In addition, any Lender, if reasonably requested by the Borrowers or the Administrative Agent, shall deliver such other 

documentation prescribed by applicable law or reasonably requested by the Borrowers or the Administrative Agent as will enable the Borrowers or the Administrative Agent to determine whether or not such Lender is subject to backup withholding or information reporting requirements. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the preceding two sentences, the completion, execution and submission of such documentation (other than such documentation set forth in Section 2.17(f)(ii)(A), (ii)(B) and (ii)(D) below) shall not be required if in the Lender s reasonable judgment such completion, execution or submission would subject such Lender to any material unreimbursed cost or expense or would materially prejudice the legal or commercial position of such Lender. 
 (ii) Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, in the event that any Borrower is a U.S. Person 
 (A) any Lender that is a U.S. Person shall deliver to such Borrower and the Administrative Agent on or prior to the date on which such Lender becomes a Lender under this Agreement (and from time to time thereafter upon the reasonable request of such Borrower or the Administrative Agent), an executed IRS Form W-9 certifying that such Lender is exempt from U.S. Federal backup withholding tax 
 (B) any Foreign Lender shall, to the extent it is legally entitled to do so, deliver to such Borrower and the Administrative Agent (in such number of copies as shall be requested by the recipient) on or prior to the date on which such Foreign Lender becomes a Lender under this Agreement (and from time to time thereafter upon the reasonable request of such Borrower or the Administrative Agent), whichever of the following is applicable 
 (1) in the case of a Foreign Lender claiming the benefits of an income tax treaty to which the United States is a party (x) with respect to payments of interest under any Loan Document, an executed IRS Form W-8BEN or IRS Form W-8BEN-E, as applicable, establishing an exemption from, or reduction of, U.S. Federal withholding Tax pursuant to the interest article of such tax treaty and (y) with respect to any other applicable payments under any Loan Document, IRS Form W-8BEN or IRS Form W-8BEN-E, as applicable, establishing an exemption from, or reduction of, U.S. Federal withholding Tax pursuant to the business profits or other income article of such tax treaty 
 
 (2) in the case of a Foreign Lender claiming that its extension of credit will generate U.S. effectively connected income, an executed IRS Form W-8ECI 
 
 (3) in the case of a Foreign Lender claiming the benefits of the exemption for portfolio interest under Section 881(c) of the Code, (x) a certificate substantially in the form of Exhibit F-1 to the effect that such Foreign Lender is not a bank within the meaning of Section 881(c)(3)(A) of the Code, a 10 percent shareholder of such Borrower within the meaning of Section 881(c)(3)(B) of the Code, or a controlled foreign corporation described in Section 881(c)(3)(C) of the Code (a U.S. Tax Compliance Certificate and (y) an executed IRS Form W-8BEN or IRS Form W-8BEN-E, as applicable or 
 
 (4) to the extent a Foreign Lender is not the beneficial owner, an executed IRS Form W-8IMY, accompanied by IRS Form W-8ECI, IRS Form W-8BEN or IRS Form W-8BEN-E, as applicable, a U.S. Tax Compliance Certificate substantially in the form of Exhibit F-2 or Exhibit F-3, IRS Form W-9, and or other certification documents from each beneficial owner, as applicable provided that 

if the Foreign Lender is a partnership and one or more direct or indirect partners of such Foreign Lender are claiming the portfolio interest exemption, such Foreign Lender may provide a U.S. Tax Compliance Certificate substantially in the form of Exhibit F-4 on behalf of each such direct and indirect partner 
 (C) any Foreign Lender shall, to the extent it is legally entitled to do so, deliver to such Borrower and the Administrative Agent (in such number of copies as shall be requested by the recipient) on or prior to the date on which such Foreign Lender becomes a Lender under this Agreement (and from time to time thereafter upon the reasonable request of such Borrower or the Administrative Agent), executed originals of any other form prescribed by applicable law as a basis for claiming exemption from or a reduction in U.S. Federal withholding Tax, duly completed, together with such supplementary documentation as may be prescribed by applicable law to permit such Borrower or the Administrative Agent to determine the withholding or deduction required to be made and 
 (D) if a payment made to a Lender under any Loan Document would be subject to U.S. Federal withholding Tax imposed by FATCA if such Lender were to fail to comply with the applicable reporting requirements of FATCA (including those contained in Section 1471(b) or 1472(b) of the Code, as applicable), such Lender shall deliver to such Borrower and the Administrative Agent at the time or times prescribed by law and at such time or times reasonably requested by such Borrower or the Administrative Agent such documentation prescribed by applicable law (including as prescribed by Section 1471(b)(3)(C)(i) of the Code) and such additional documentation reasonably requested by such Borrower or the Administrative Agent as may be necessary for such Borrower and the Administrative Agent to comply with their obligations under FATCA and to determine that such Lender has complied with such Lender s obligations under FATCA or to determine the amount to deduct and withhold from such payment. Solely for purposes of this clause (D), FATCA shall include any amendments made to FATCA after the date of this Agreement. 
 (iii) Each Lender agrees that if any form or certification it previously delivered expires or becomes obsolete or inaccurate in any respect, it shall update such form or certification or promptly notify the Company and the Administrative Agent in writing of its legal inability to do so. 
 (f) Treatment of Certain Refunds . If any party determines, in its sole discretion exercised in good faith, that it has received a refund of any Taxes as to which it has been indemnified pursuant to this Section 2.17 (including by the payment of additional amounts pursuant to this Section 2.17), it shall pay to the indemnifying party an amount equal to such refund (but only to the extent of indemnity payments made under this Section 2.17 with respect to the Taxes giving rise to such refund), net of all out-of-pocket expenses (including Taxes) of such indemnified party and without interest (other than any interest paid by the relevant Governmental Authority with respect to such refund). Such indemnifying party, upon the request of such indemnified party, shall repay to such indemnified party the amount paid over pursuant to this paragraph (g) (plus any penalties, interest or other charges imposed by the relevant Governmental Authority) in the event that such indemnified party is required to repay such refund to such Governmental Authority. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this paragraph (g), in no event will the indemnified party be required to pay any amount to an indemnifying party pursuant to this paragraph (g) the payment of which would place the indemnified party in a less favorable net after-Tax position than the indemnified party would have been in if the Tax subject to indemnification and giving rise to such refund had not been deducted, withheld or otherwise imposed and the indemnification payments or additional amounts with respect to such Tax had never been paid. This paragraph shall not be construed to require any indemnified party to make available its Tax returns (or any other information relating to its Taxes that it deems confidential) to the indemnifying party or any other Person. 
 (g) Survival . Each party s obligations under this Section 2.17 shall survive the resignation or replacement of the Administrative Agent or any assignment of rights by, or the replacement of, a Lender, 

the termination of the Commitments and the repayment, satisfaction or discharge of all obligations under any Loan Document. 
 (h) Defined Terms . For purposes of this Section 2.17, the term Lender includes the Issuing Bank and the term applicable law includes FATCA. 
 SECTION 12.18. Payments Generally Allocations of Proceeds Pro Rata Treatment Sharing of Set-offs . 
 (a) Each Borrower shall make each payment required to be made by it hereunder (whether of principal, interest, fees or reimbursement of LC Disbursements, or of amounts payable under Section 2.15, 2.16 or 2.17, or otherwise) prior to (i) in the case of payments denominated in Dollars, 2 00 p.m., Local Time and (ii) in the case of payments denominated in a Foreign Currency, 2 00 p.m., Local Time, in the city of the Administrative Agent s Term Benchmark Payment Office for such currency, in each case on the date when due, in immediately available funds, without set-off or counterclaim. Any amounts received after such time on any date may, in the discretion of the Administrative Agent, be deemed to have been received on the next succeeding Business Day for purposes of calculating interest thereon. All such payments shall be made (i) in the same currency in which the applicable Credit Event was made (or where such currency has been converted to euro, in euro) and (ii) to the Administrative Agent at its offices at 10 South Dearborn Street, Chicago, Illinois 60603 or, in the case of a Credit Event denominated in a Foreign Currency, the Administrative Agent s Term Benchmark Payment Office for such currency, except payments to be made directly to the Issuing Bank or Swingline Lender as expressly provided herein and except that payments pursuant to Sections 2.15, 2.16, 2.17 and 9.03 shall be made directly to the Persons entitled thereto. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, the Administrative Agent may require that any payments due under this Agreement be made in the United States. The Administrative Agent shall distribute any such payments denominated in the same currency received by it for the account of any other Person to the appropriate recipient promptly following receipt thereof. If any payment hereunder shall be due on a day that is not a Business Day, the date for payment shall be extended to the next succeeding Business Day, and, in the case of any payment accruing interest, interest thereon shall be payable for the period of such extension. Notwithstanding the foregoing provisions of this Section, if, after the making of any Credit Event in any Foreign Currency, currency control or exchange regulations are imposed in the country which issues such currency with the result that the type of currency in which the Credit Event was made (the Original Currency no longer exists or any Borrower is not able to make payment to the Administrative Agent for the account of the Lenders in such Original Currency, then all payments to be made by such Borrower hereunder in such currency shall instead be made when due in Dollars in an amount equal to the Dollar Amount (as of the date of repayment) of such payment due, it being the intention of the parties hereto that the Borrowers take all risks of the imposition of any such currency control or exchange regulations. 
 (b) At any time that payments are not required to be applied in the manner required by Section 7.02, if any proceeds of Collateral received by the Administrative Agent not constituting (A) a specific payment of principal, interest, fees or other sum payable under the Loan Documents (which shall be applied as specified by the Company) or (B) a mandatory prepayment (which shall be applied in accordance with Section 2.11), shall be applied in the following order first , to pay any fees, indemnities, or expense reimbursements then due to the Administrative Agent and the Issuing Bank from any Borrower, second , to pay any fees or expense reimbursements then due to the Lenders from any Borrower ratably, third , to pay interest then due and payable on the Loans ratably, fourth , to (x) prepay principal on the Loans and unreimbursed LC Disbursements and (y) pay any amounts owing with respect to Banking Services Obligations and Swap Obligations, ratably among the Secured Parties in proportion to the respective amounts described in this clause fourth held by them, fifth , to pay an amount to the Administrative Agent equal to one hundred three percent (103 of the aggregate undrawn face amount of all outstanding Letters of Credit and the aggregate amount of any unpaid LC Disbursements, to be held as cash collateral for such Obligations and sixth , to the payment of any other Secured Obligation due to the Administrative Agent or any Secured Party by any Borrower ratably. Notwithstanding the foregoing, amounts received from any Loan Party shall not be applied to any Excluded Swap Obligation of such Loan Party but appropriate adjustments shall be made with respect to payments from the other Loan Parties or on account of their assets to preserve the allocation to the Obligations set forth in the preceding sentence. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in this Agreement, unless so directed by 

the Company, or unless a Default is in existence, none of the Administrative Agent or any Lender shall apply any payment which it receives to any Term Benchmark Loan of a Class, except (a) on the expiration date of the Interest Period applicable to any such Term Benchmark Loan or (b) in the event, and only to the extent, that there are no outstanding ABR Loans of the same Class and, in any event, the Borrowers shall pay the break funding payment required in accordance with Section 2.16. The Administrative Agent and the Lenders shall have the continuing and exclusive right to apply and reverse and reapply any and all such proceeds and payments to any portion of the Secured Obligations, provided that, no such application, reversal or reapplication shall be performed in any manner for the purpose of increasing the amount of interest, fees or break funding payments to be paid by the Borrowers. 
 (c) At the election of the Administrative Agent, all payments of principal, interest, LC Disbursements, fees, premiums, reimbursable expenses (including, without limitation, all reimbursement for fees and expenses pursuant to Section 9.03), and other sums payable under the Loan Documents, may be paid from the proceeds of Borrowings made hereunder whether made following a request by a Borrower (or the Company on behalf of a Borrower) pursuant to Section 2.03 or a deemed request as provided in this Section or may be deducted from any deposit account of such Borrower maintained with the Administrative Agent. Each Borrower hereby irrevocably authorizes (i) the Administrative Agent to make a Borrowing for the purpose of paying each payment of principal, interest and fees as it becomes due hereunder or any other amount due under the Loan Documents and agrees that all such amounts charged shall constitute Loans (including Swingline Loans) and that all such Borrowings shall be deemed to have been requested pursuant to Sections 2.03 or 2.05, as applicable and (ii) the Administrative Agent to charge any deposit account of the relevant Borrower maintained with the Administrative Agent for each payment of principal, interest and fees as it becomes due hereunder or any other amount due under the Loan Documents. 
 (d) If any Lender shall, by exercising any right of set-off or counterclaim or otherwise, obtain payment in respect of any principal of or interest on any of its Loans or participations in LC Disbursements or Swingline Loans resulting in such Lender receiving payment of a greater proportion of the aggregate amount of its Loans and participations in LC Disbursements and Swingline Loans and accrued interest thereon than the proportion received by any other similarly situated Lender, then the Lender receiving such greater proportion shall purchase (for cash at face value) participations in the Loans and participations in LC Disbursements and Swingline Loans of other Lenders to the extent necessary so that the benefit of all such payments shall be shared by the Lenders ratably in accordance with the aggregate amount of principal of and accrued interest on their respective Loans and participations in LC Disbursements and Swingline Loans provided that (i) if any such participations are purchased and all or any portion of the payment giving rise thereto is recovered, such participations shall be rescinded and the purchase price restored to the extent of such recovery, without interest, and (ii) the provisions of this paragraph shall not be construed to apply to any payment made by any Borrower pursuant to and in accordance with the express terms of this Agreement or any payment obtained by a Lender as consideration for the assignment of or sale of a participation in any of its Loans or participations in LC Disbursements and Swingline Loans to any assignee or participant, other than to the Company or any Subsidiary or Affiliate thereof (as to which the provisions of this paragraph shall apply). Each Borrower consents to the foregoing and agrees, to the extent it may effectively do so under applicable law, that any Lender acquiring a participation pursuant to the foregoing arrangements may exercise against such Borrower rights of set-off and counterclaim with respect to such participation as fully as if such Lender were a direct creditor of such Borrower in the amount of such participation. 
 (e) Unless the Administrative Agent shall have received notice from the relevant Borrower prior to the date on which any payment is due to the Administrative Agent for the account of the Lenders or the Issuing Bank hereunder that such Borrower will not make such payment, the Administrative Agent may assume that such Borrower has made such payment on such date in accordance herewith and may, in reliance upon such assumption, distribute to the Lenders or the Issuing Bank, as the case may be, the amount due. In such event, if such Borrower has not in fact made such payment, then each of the Lenders or the Issuing Bank, as the case may be, severally agrees to repay to the Administrative Agent forthwith on demand the amount so distributed to such Lender or Issuing Bank with interest thereon, for each day from and including the date such amount is distributed to it to but excluding the date of payment to the Administrative Agent, at the greater of the applicable Overnight Rate and a rate determined by the Administrative Agent in accordance with banking industry rules on interbank compensation. 

(f) If any Lender shall fail to make any payment required to be made by it pursuant to Section 2.05(c), 2.06(d) or (e), 2.07(b), 2.18(e) or 9.03(c), then the Administrative Agent may, in its discretion (notwithstanding any contrary provision hereof), (i) apply any amounts thereafter received by the Administrative Agent for the account of such Lender and for the benefit of the Administrative Agent, the Swingline Lender or the Issuing Bank to satisfy such Lender s obligations to it under such Sections until all such unsatisfied obligations are fully paid and or (ii) hold any such amounts in a segregated account over which the Administrative Agent shall have exclusive control as cash collateral for, and application to, any future funding obligations of such Lender under such Sections in the case of each of (i) and (ii) above, in any order as determined by the Administrative Agent in its discretion. 
 SECTION 12.19. Mitigation Obligations Replacement of Lenders . (a) If any Lender requests compensation under Section 2.15, or if any Borrower is required to pay any Indemnified Taxes or additional amounts to any Lender or any Governmental Authority for the account of any Lender pursuant to Section 2.17, then such Lender shall use reasonable efforts to designate a different lending office for funding or booking its Loans hereunder or to assign its rights and obligations hereunder to another of its offices, branches or Affiliates, if, in the judgment of such Lender, such designation or assignment (i) would eliminate or reduce amounts payable pursuant to Section 2.15 or 2.17, as the case may be, in the future and (ii) would not subject such Lender to any unreimbursed cost or expense and would not otherwise be disadvantageous to such Lender. The Company hereby agrees to pay all reasonable costs and expenses incurred by any Lender in connection with any such designation or assignment. 
 (a) If (i) any Lender requests compensation under Section 2.15, (ii) any Borrower is required to pay any Indemnified Taxes or additional amounts to any Lender or any Governmental Authority for the account of any Lender pursuant to Section 2.17, (iii) any Lender becomes a Defaulting Lender, or (iv) if any Lender does not consent to any proposed amendment, supplement, modification, consent or waiver of any provision of this Agreement or any other Loan Document that requires the consent of each of the Lenders or each of the Lenders affected thereby (so long as the consent of the Required Lenders (with the percentage in such definition being deemed to be 50 for this purpose) has been obtained), then the Company may, at its sole expense and effort, upon notice to such Lender and the Administrative Agent, require such Lender to assign and delegate, without recourse (in accordance with and subject to the restrictions contained in Section 9.04), all its interests, rights (other than its existing rights to payments pursuant to Sections 2.15 or 2.17) and obligations under the Loan Documents to an assignee (other than any Ineligible Institution) that shall assume such obligations (which assignee may be another Lender, if a Lender accepts such assignment) provided that (i) the Company shall have received the prior written consent of the Administrative Agent (and if a Revolving Commitment is being assigned, each Issuing Bank and the Swingline Lender), which consent shall not unreasonably be withheld, (ii) such Lender shall have received payment of an amount equal to the outstanding principal of its Loans and participations in LC Disbursements and Swingline Loans, accrued interest thereon, accrued fees and all other amounts payable to it hereunder, from the assignee (to the extent of such outstanding principal and accrued interest and fees) or the Company (in the case of all other amounts) and (iii) in the case of any such assignment resulting from a claim for compensation under Section 2.15 or payments required to be made pursuant to Section 2.17, such assignment will result in a reduction in such compensation or payments. A Lender shall not be required to make any such assignment and delegation if, prior thereto, as a result of a waiver by such Lender or otherwise, the circumstances entitling the Company to require such assignment and delegation cease to apply. Each party hereto agrees that (i) an assignment required pursuant to this paragraph may be effected pursuant to an Assignment and Assumption executed by the Borrower, the Administrative Agent and the assignee (or, to the extent applicable, an agreement incorporating an Assignment and Assumption by reference pursuant to an Approved Electronic Platform as to which the Administrative Agent and such parties are participants), and (ii) the Lender required to make such assignment need not be a party thereto in order for such assignment to be effective and shall be deemed to have consented to an be bound by the terms thereof provided that, following the effectiveness of any such assignment, the other parties to such assignment agree to execute and deliver such documents necessary to evidence such assignment as reasonably requested by the applicable Lender provided that any such documents shall be without recourse to or warranty by the parties thereto. 
 SECTION 12.20. Expansion Option . The Company may from time to time elect to increase the Revolving Commitments or enter into one or more tranches of term loans (each an Incremental Term Loan ), in each case in minimum increments of 5,000,000 so long as, after giving effect thereto, the 

aggregate amount of such increases and all such Incremental Term Loans does not exceed 100,000,000 provided , however , it is acknowledged and agreed that after giving effect to the Amendment No. 2 Effective Date the foregoing basket has been fully utilized and no additional Incremental Term Loans or new Revolving Commitments are permitted under this Section. The Company may arrange for any such increase or tranche to be provided by one or more Lenders (each Lender so agreeing to an increase in its Revolving Commitment, or to participate in such Incremental Term Loans, an Increasing Lender ), or by one or more new banks, financial institutions or other entities (each such new bank, financial institution or other entity, an Augmenting Lender provided that no Ineligible Institution may be an Augmenting Lender), which agree to increase their existing Revolving Commitments, or to participate in such Incremental Term Loans, or provide new Revolving Commitments, as the case may be provided that (i) each Augmenting Lender, shall be subject to the approval of the Company and the Administrative Agent and each Issuing Bank and Swingline Lender to the extent the consent of the Issuing Bank or the Swingline Lender would be required to effect an assignment under Section 9.04(b), and (ii) (x) in the case of an Increasing Lender, the Company and such Increasing Lender execute an agreement substantially in the form of Exhibit B hereto, and (y) in the case of an Augmenting Lender, the Company and such Augmenting Lender execute an agreement substantially in the form of Exhibit C hereto. No consent of any Lender (other than (i) the Lenders participating in the increase or any Incremental Term Loan and (ii) in the case of any increase of the Revolving Commitments, each Issuing Bank and the Swingline Lender) shall be required for any increase in Revolving Commitments or Incremental Term Loan pursuant to this Section 2.20. Increases and new Revolving Commitments and Incremental Term Loans created pursuant to this Section 2.20 shall become effective on the date agreed by the Company, the Administrative Agent and the relevant Increasing Lenders or Augmenting Lenders, and the Administrative Agent shall notify each Lender thereof. Notwithstanding the foregoing, no increase in the Revolving Commitments (or in the Revolving Commitment of any Lender) or tranche of Incremental Term Loans shall become effective under this paragraph unless, (i) subject to Section 1.09 , on the proposed date of the effectiveness of such increase or Incremental Term Loans, (A) the conditions set forth in paragraphs (a) and (b) of Section 4.02 shall be satisfied or waived by the Required Lenders and the Administrative Agent shall have received a certificate to that effect dated such date and executed by a Financial Officer of the Company and (B) the Company shall be in compliance (on a pro forma basis) with the covenants contained in Section 6.10 and , (ii) the Administrative Agent shall have received documents and opinions consistent with those delivered on the Effective Date and (iii) there is no Covenant Relief Period in effect at such time . On the effective date of any increase in the Revolving Commitments or any Incremental Term Loans being made, (i) each relevant Increasing Lender and Augmenting Lender shall make available to the Administrative Agent such amounts in immediately available funds as the Administrative Agent shall determine, for the benefit of the other Lenders, as being required in order to cause, after giving effect to such increase and the use of such amounts to make payments to such other Lenders, each Lender s portion of the outstanding Revolving Loans of all the Lenders to equal its Applicable Percentage of such outstanding Revolving Loans, and (ii) except in the case of any Incremental Term Loans, the Borrowers shall be deemed to have repaid and reborrowed all outstanding Revolving Loans as of the date of any increase in the Revolving Commitments (with such reborrowing to consist of the Types of Revolving Loans, with related Interest Periods if applicable, specified in a notice delivered by the applicable Borrower, or the Company on behalf of the applicable Borrower, in accordance with the requirements of Section 2.03). The deemed payments made pursuant to clause (ii) of the immediately preceding sentence shall be accompanied by payment of all accrued interest on the amount prepaid and, in respect of each Term Benchmark Loan, shall be subject to indemnification by the Borrowers pursuant to the provisions of Section 2.16 if the deemed payment occurs other than on the last day of the related Interest Periods. The Incremental Term Loans (a) shall rank pari passu in right of payment with the Revolving Loans and the initial Term Loans, (b) shall not mature earlier than the Maturity Date (but may have amortization prior to such date) and shall not have a Weighted Average Life to Maturity earlier than the initial Term Loans and (c) shall be treated substantially the same as (and in any event no more favorably than) the Revolving Loans and the initial Term Loans provided that (i) the terms and conditions applicable to any tranche of Incremental Term Loans maturing after the Maturity Date may provide for material additional or different financial or other covenants or prepayment requirements applicable only during periods after the Maturity Date and (ii) the Incremental Term Loans may be priced differently than the Revolving Loans and the initial Term Loans. Incremental Term Loans may be made hereunder pursuant to an amendment or restatement (an Incremental Term Loan Amendment of this Agreement and, as appropriate, the other Loan Documents, executed by the Borrowers, each Increasing Lender participating in such tranche, each Augmenting Lender participating in such tranche, if any, and the Administrative Agent. The Incremental Term Loan Amendment may, without the consent of any other Lenders, effect such amendments to this 

Agreement and the other Loan Documents as may be necessary or appropriate, in the reasonable opinion of the Administrative Agent, to effect the provisions of this Section 2.20. Nothing contained in this Section 2.20 shall constitute, or otherwise be deemed to be, a commitment on the part of any Lender to increase its Revolving Commitment hereunder, or provide Incremental Term Loans, at any time. In connection with any increase of the Revolving Commitments or Incremental Term Loans pursuant to this Section 2.20, any Augmenting Lender becoming a party hereto shall (1) execute such documents and agreements as the Administrative Agent may reasonably request and (2) in the case of any Augmenting Lender that is organized under the laws of a jurisdiction outside of the United States of America, provide to the Administrative Agent, its name, address, tax identification number and or such other information as shall be necessary for the Administrative Agent to comply with know your customer and Anti-Money Laundering Laws, rules and regulations, including without limitation, the Patriot Act. 
 Notwithstanding the foregoing, in no event shall the Company be permitted to incur any Incremental Term Loans or any commitments in respect thereof at any time on or after the Amendment No. 3 Effective Date. 
 SECTION 12.21. (Intentionally omitted) . 
 SECTION 12.22. Judgment Currency . If for the purposes of obtaining judgment in any court it is necessary to convert a sum due from any Borrower hereunder in the currency expressed to be payable herein (the specified currency into another currency, the parties hereto agree, to the fullest extent that they may effectively do so, that the rate of exchange used shall be that at which in accordance with normal banking procedures the Administrative Agent could purchase the specified currency with such other currency at the Administrative Agent s main New York City office on the Business Day preceding that on which final, non-appealable judgment is given. The obligations of each Borrower in respect of any sum due to any Lender or the Administrative Agent hereunder shall, notwithstanding any judgment in a currency other than the specified currency, be discharged only to the extent that on the Business Day following receipt by such Lender or the Administrative Agent (as the case may be) of any sum adjudged to be so due in such other currency such Lender or the Administrative Agent (as the case may be) may in accordance with normal, reasonable banking procedures purchase the specified currency with such other currency. If the amount of the specified currency so purchased is less than the sum originally due to such Lender or the Administrative Agent, as the case may be, in the specified currency, each Borrower agrees, to the fullest extent that it may effectively do so, as a separate obligation and notwithstanding any such judgment, to indemnify such Lender or the Administrative Agent, as the case may be, against such loss, and if the amount of the specified currency so purchased exceeds (a) the sum originally due to any Lender or the Administrative Agent, as the case may be, in the specified currency and (b) any amounts shared with other Lenders as a result of allocations of such excess as a disproportionate payment to such Lender under Section 2.18, such Lender or the Administrative Agent, as the case may be, agrees to remit such excess to such Borrower. 
 SECTION 12.23. Designation of Subsidiary Borrowers . The Company may at any time and from time to time, with not less than five (5) Business Days prior notice to the Lenders, and subject to the requirements set forth in the definition of Eligible Subsidiary, designate any Eligible Subsidiary as a Subsidiary Borrower by delivery to the Administrative Agent of a Borrowing Subsidiary Agreement executed by such Subsidiary and the Company and the satisfaction of the other conditions precedent set forth in Section 4.03, and upon such delivery and satisfaction such Subsidiary shall for all purposes of this Agreement be a Subsidiary Borrower and a party to this Agreement. Each Subsidiary Borrower shall remain a Subsidiary Borrower until the Company shall have executed and delivered to the Administrative Agent a Borrowing Subsidiary Termination with respect to such Subsidiary, whereupon such Subsidiary shall cease to be a Subsidiary Borrower and a party to this Agreement. Notwithstanding the preceding sentence, no Borrowing Subsidiary Termination will become effective as to any Subsidiary Borrower at a time when any principal of or interest on any Loan to such Borrower shall be outstanding hereunder, provided that such Borrowing Subsidiary Termination shall be effective to terminate the right of such Subsidiary Borrower to make further Borrowings under this Agreement. As soon as practicable upon receipt of a Borrowing Subsidiary Agreement, the Administrative Agent shall furnish a copy thereof to each Lender. 

SECTION 12.24. Defaulting Lenders . Notwithstanding any provision of this Agreement to the contrary, if any Lender becomes a Defaulting Lender, then the following provisions shall apply for so long as such Lender is a Defaulting Lender 
 (a) fees shall cease to accrue on the unfunded portion of the Revolving Commitment of such Defaulting Lender pursuant to Section 2.12(a) 
 (b) any payment of principal, interest, fees or other amounts received by the Administrative Agent for the account of such Defaulting Lender (whether voluntary or mandatory, at maturity, pursuant to Section 7.02 or otherwise) or received by the Administrative Agent from a Defaulting Lender pursuant to Section 9.08 shall be applied at such time or times as may be determined by the Administrative Agent as follows first , to the payment of any amounts owing by such Defaulting Lender to the Administrative Agent hereunder second , to the payment on a pro rata basis of any amounts owing by such Defaulting Lender to any Issuing Bank or Swingline Lender hereunder third , to cash collateralize LC Exposure with respect to such Defaulting Lender in accordance with this Section fourth , as the Company may request (so long as no Default or Event of Default exists), to the funding of any Loan in respect of which such Defaulting Lender has failed to fund its portion thereof as required by this Agreement, as determined by the Administrative Agent fifth , if so determined by the Administrative Agent and the Company, to be held in a deposit account and released pro rata in order to (x) satisfy such Defaulting Lender s potential future funding obligations with respect to Loans under this Agreement and (y) cash collateralize future LC Exposure with respect to such Defaulting Lender with respect to future Letters of Credit issued under this Agreement, in accordance with this Section sixth , to the payment of any amounts owing to the Lenders, the Issuing Banks or Swingline Lenders as a result of any judgment of a court of competent jurisdiction obtained by any Lender, the Issuing Banks or Swingline Lenders against such Defaulting Lender as a result of such Defaulting Lender s breach of its obligations under this Agreement or under any other Loan Document seventh , so long as no Default or Event of Default exists, to the payment of any amounts owing to a Borrower as a result of any judgment of a court of competent jurisdiction obtained by such Borrower against such Defaulting Lender as a result of such Defaulting Lender s breach of its obligations under this Agreement or under any other Loan Document and eighth , to such Defaulting Lender or as otherwise directed by a court of competent jurisdiction provided that if (x) such payment is a payment of the principal amount of any Loans or LC Disbursements in respect of which such Defaulting Lender has not fully funded its appropriate share, and (y) such Loans were made or the related Letters of Credit were issued at a time when the conditions set forth in Section 4.02 were satisfied or waived, such payment shall be applied solely to pay the Loans of, and LC Disbursements owed to, all non-Defaulting Lenders on a pro rata basis prior to being applied to the payment of any Loans of, or LC Disbursements owed to, such Defaulting Lender until such time as all Loans and funded and unfunded participations in the Borrowers obligations corresponding to such Defaulting Lender s LC Exposure and Swingline Loans are held by the Lenders pro rata in accordance with the Commitments without giving effect to clause (d) below. Any payments, prepayments or other amounts paid or payable to a Defaulting Lender that are applied (or held) to pay amounts owed by a Defaulting Lender or to post cash collateral pursuant to this Section shall be deemed paid to and redirected by such Defaulting Lender, and each Lender irrevocably consents hereto 
 (c) the Commitment and Revolving Credit Exposure of such Defaulting Lender shall not be included in determining whether the Required Lenders have taken or may take any action hereunder (including any consent to any amendment, waiver or other modification pursuant to Section 9.02) provided , that, except as otherwise provided in Section 9.02, this clause (c) shall not apply to the vote of a Defaulting Lender in the case of an amendment, waiver or other modification requiring the consent of such Lender or each Lender directly affected thereby 
 (d) if any Swingline Exposure or LC Exposure exists at the time such Lender becomes a Defaulting Lender then 
 (i) all or any part of the Swingline Exposure and LC Exposure of such Defaulting Lender (other than, in the case of a Defaulting Lender that is a Swingline Lender, the portion of such Swingline Exposure referred to in clause (b) of the definition of such term) shall be reallocated among the non-Defaulting Lenders in accordance with their respective Applicable Percentages but only to the extent that such reallocation does not, as to any non-Defaulting 

Lender, cause the Dollar Amount of such non-Defaulting Lender s Revolving Credit Exposure to exceed its Revolving Commitment 
 (ii) if the reallocation described in clause (i) above cannot, or can only partially, be effected, the Company shall within three (3) Business Days following notice by the Administrative Agent (x) first , prepay such Swingline Exposure and (y) second , upon request of the Administrative Agent, cash collateralize for the benefit of the Issuing Banks only the Borrowers obligations corresponding to such Defaulting Lender s LC Exposure (after giving effect to any partial reallocation pursuant to clause (i) above) in accordance with the procedures set forth in Section 2.06(j) for so long as such LC Exposure is outstanding 
 (iii) if the Company cash collateralizes any portion of such Defaulting Lender s LC Exposure pursuant to clause (ii) above, the Borrowers shall not be required to pay any fees to such Defaulting Lender pursuant to Sections 2.12(a) and 2.12(b) with respect to such Defaulting Lender s LC Exposure during the period such Defaulting Lender s LC Exposure is cash collateralized 
 (iv) if the LC Exposure of the non-Defaulting Lenders is reallocated pursuant to clause (i) above, then the fees payable to the Lenders pursuant to Section 2.12(b) shall be adjusted in accordance with such non-Defaulting Lenders Applicable Percentages and 
 (v) if all or any portion of such Defaulting Lender s LC Exposure is neither reallocated nor cash collateralized pursuant to clause (i) or (ii) above, then, without prejudice to any rights or remedies of the Issuing Bank or any other Lender hereunder, all letter of credit fees payable under Section 2.12(b) with respect to such Defaulting Lender s LC Exposure shall be payable to the Issuing Bank until and to the extent that such LC Exposure is reallocated and or cash collateralized and 
 (e) so long as such Lender is a Defaulting Lender, the Swingline Lender shall not be required to fund any Swingline Loan and the Issuing Bank shall not be required to issue, amend or increase any Letter of Credit, unless it is satisfied that the related exposure and the Defaulting Lender s then outstanding LC Exposure will be 100 covered by the Revolving Commitments of the non-Defaulting Lenders and or cash collateral will be provided by the Company in accordance with Section 2.24(d), and participating interests in any such newly made Swingline Loan or any newly issued or increased Letter of Credit shall be allocated among non-Defaulting Lenders in a manner consistent with Section 2.24(d)(i) (and such Defaulting Lender shall not participate therein). 
 If (i) a Bankruptcy Event or a Bail-In Action with respect to a Lender Parent shall occur following the date hereof and for so long as such event shall continue or (ii) the Swingline Lender or the Issuing Bank has a good faith belief that any Lender has defaulted in fulfilling its obligations under one or more other agreements in which such Lender commits to extend credit, the Swingline Lender shall not be required to fund any Swingline Loan and the Issuing Bank shall not be required to issue, amend or increase any Letter of Credit, unless the Swingline Lender or the Issuing Bank, as the case may be, shall have entered into arrangements with the Company or such Lender, reasonably satisfactory to the Swingline Lender or the Issuing Bank, as the case may be, to defease any risk to it in respect of such Lender hereunder. 
 In the event that the Administrative Agent, the Company, the Swingline Lender and the Issuing Bank each agrees that a Defaulting Lender has adequately remedied all matters that caused such Lender to be a Defaulting Lender, then the Swingline Exposure and LC Exposure of the Lenders shall be readjusted to reflect the inclusion of such Lender s Commitment and on such date such Lender shall purchase at par such of the Loans of the other Lenders (other than Swingline Loans) as the Administrative Agent shall determine may be necessary in order for such Lender to hold such Loans in accordance with its Applicable Percentage. 

ARTICLE XIII Representations and Warranties 
 Each Borrower represents and warrants to the Lenders that, on the Effective Date and on each other date required under the terms of the Loan Documents 
 SECTION 13.01. Organization Powers Subsidiaries . Each of the Company and its Subsidiaries is duly organized, validly existing and in good standing (to the extent such concept is applicable in the relevant jurisdiction) under the laws of the jurisdiction of its organization, has all requisite power and authority to carry on its business as now conducted and, except where the failure to do so, individually or in the aggregate, could not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect, is qualified to do business in, and is in good standing (to the extent such concept is applicable) in, every jurisdiction where such qualification is required. As of the date hereof, Schedule 3.01 hereto identifies each Subsidiary, if such Subsidiary is a Subsidiary Borrower, a Subsidiary Guarantor, an Unrestricted Subsidiary or an Excluded Subsidiary, the jurisdiction of its incorporation or organization, as the case may be, the percentage of issued and outstanding shares of each class of its capital stock or other equity interests owned by the Company and the other Subsidiaries and, if such percentage is not 100 (excluding directors qualifying shares as required by law), a description of each class issued and outstanding. All of the outstanding shares of capital stock and other equity interests of each Subsidiary are validly issued and outstanding and fully paid and nonassessable (other than for those Subsidiaries that are limited liability companies and limited partnerships and to the extent such concepts are not applicable in the relevant jurisdiction) and all such shares and other equity interests indicated on Schedule 3.01 as owned by the Company or another Subsidiary as of the date hereof are owned, beneficially and of record, by the Company or any Subsidiary free and clear of all Liens, other than Liens created under the Loan Documents or Liens permitted hereunder. There are no outstanding commitments or other obligations of the Company or any Subsidiary to issue, and no options, warrants or other rights of any Person to acquire, any shares of any class of capital stock or other equity interests of the Company or any Subsidiary. 
 SECTION 13.02. Authorization Enforceability . The Transactions are within each Loan Party s organizational powers and have been duly authorized by all necessary organizational actions and, if required, actions by equity holders. This Agreement and each other Loan Document to which each Loan Party is a party have been duly executed and delivered by such Loan Party and constitute a legal, valid and binding obligation of such Loan Party, enforceable in accordance with its terms, subject to applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium or other laws affecting creditors rights generally and subject to general principles of equity, regardless of whether considered in a proceeding in equity or at law. 
 SECTION 13.03. Governmental Approvals No Conflicts . The Transactions (a) do not require the Company or any of its Subsidiaries to obtain or make any consent or approval of, registration or filing with, or any other action by, any Governmental Authority, except such as have been obtained or made and are in full force and effect and except for filings necessary to perfect Liens created pursuant to the Loan Documents, (b) will not violate (i) the charter, by-laws or other organizational documents of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries or (ii) any applicable law, regulation or order of any Governmental Authority applicable to the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, except as could not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect, (c) will not violate or result in a default under any indenture, agreement or other instrument binding upon the Company or any of its Subsidiaries or its assets, or give rise to a right thereunder to require any payment to be made by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries which could reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect, and (d) will not result in the creation or imposition of any Lien on any asset of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, other than Liens created under the Loan Documents. 
 SECTION 13.04. Financial Condition No Material Adverse Change . (a) The Company has heretofore furnished to the Lenders the consolidated balance sheet and statements of operations, stockholders equity and cash flows of Public Holdco (i) as of and for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2020 reported on by Ernst & Young LLP and (ii) as of and for the fiscal quarter and the portion of the fiscal year ended June 30, 2021, certified by its chief financial officer. Such financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position and results of operations and cash flows of Public 

Holdco and its Subsidiaries as of such dates and for such periods in accordance with GAAP, subject to year-end audit adjustments and the absence of footnotes in the case of the statements referred to in clause (ii) above. For the avoidance of doubt, the documents furnished pursuant to this Section 3.04 have been furnished in the forms of a Form 10-K and or Form 10-Q of Public Holdco, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission and 
 (a) Since December 31, 2020, there has been no event or circumstance, either individually or in the aggregate, that has had or could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. 
 SECTION 13.05. Properties . (a) Each of the Company and its Subsidiaries has good title to, or valid leasehold interests in, all its real and personal property material to its business, except for minor defects in title that do not materially interfere with its ability to conduct its business as currently conducted or to utilize such properties for their intended purposes and except where the failure to have such title or interests would not reasonably be expected to have, individually or in the aggregate, a Material Adverse Effect. 
 (a) Each of the Company and its Subsidiaries owns, or is licensed to use, all trademarks, tradenames, copyrights, patents and other intellectual property material to its business, and, to the knowledge of the Company, the use thereof by the Company and its Subsidiaries does not infringe upon the rights of any other Person, except for any such failures to own or license or infringements that, individually or in the aggregate, could not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect. 
 SECTION 13.06. Litigation and Environmental Matters . (a) There are no actions, suits, proceedings or investigations by or before any arbitrator or Governmental Authority pending against or, to the knowledge of any Borrower, threatened against or affecting the Company or any of its Subsidiaries (i) as to which there is a reasonable possibility of an adverse determination and that, if adversely determined, could reasonably be expected, individually or in the aggregate, to result in a Material Adverse Effect or (ii) that involve this Agreement or the Transactions. There are no labor controversies pending against or, to the knowledge of the Company, threatened against or affecting the Company or any of its Subsidiaries (i) which could reasonably be expected, individually or in the aggregate, to result in a Material Adverse Effect, or (ii) that involve this Agreement or the Transactions. 
 (a) Except with respect to any other matters that, individually or in the aggregate, could not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect, neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries (i) has failed to comply with any Environmental Law or to obtain, maintain or comply with any permit, license or other approval required under any Environmental Law, (ii) has become subject to any Environmental Liability, (iii) has received notice of any claim with respect to any Environmental Liability or (iv) knows of any basis for any Environmental Liability. 
 SECTION 13.07. Compliance with Laws and Agreements . Each of the Company and its Subsidiaries is in compliance with all laws, regulations and orders of any Governmental Authority applicable to it or its property and all indentures, agreements and other instruments binding upon it or its property, except where the failure to do so, individually or in the aggregate, could not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect. 
 SECTION 13.08. Investment Company Status . None of the Loan Parties is an investment company as defined in, or subject to regulation under, the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended. 
 SECTION 13.09. Taxes . Each of the Company and its Subsidiaries has timely filed or caused to be filed all Tax returns and reports required to have been filed and has paid or caused to be paid all Taxes required to have been paid by it, except (a) Taxes that are being contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings and for which the Company or such Subsidiary, as applicable, has set aside on its books adequate reserves or (b) to the extent that the failure to do so could not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect. 

SECTION 13.10. ERISA . No ERISA Event has occurred or is reasonably expected to occur that, when taken together with all other such ERISA Events for which liability is reasonably expected to occur, could reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect. 
 SECTION 13.11. Disclosure (a) . (a) None of the reports, financial statements, certificates or other written information furnished by or on behalf of the Company or any Subsidiary to the Administrative Agent or any Lender in connection with the negotiation of this Agreement or delivered hereunder (as modified or supplemented by other information so furnished) contains any material misstatement of fact or omits to state any material fact necessary to make the statements therein (when taken as a whole), in the light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading provided that, with respect to projected financial information, the Borrowers represent only that such information was prepared in good faith based upon assumptions believed to be reasonable at the time, it being understood that such projected financial information is not to be viewed as facts or as a guarantee of performance or achievement of any particular results, are subject to significant uncertainties and contingencies, many of which are beyond the control of the Company and its Subsidiaries, and that actual results may vary from such forecasts and that such variations may be material and that no assurance can be given that the projected results will be realized. 
 (b) As of the Effective Date, to the best knowledge of the Company, the information included in the most recent Beneficial Ownership Certification with respect to each Borrower, if any, provided on or prior to the Effective Date to any Lender in connection with this Agreement is true and correct in all respects. 
 SECTION 13.12. Federal Reserve Regulations . No part of the proceeds of any Loan have been used or will be used, whether directly or indirectly, for any purpose that entails a violation of any of the Regulations of the Federal Reserve Board, including Regulations T, U and X. 
 SECTION 13.13. Liens . There are no Liens on any of the real or personal properties of the Company or any Subsidiary except for Liens permitted by Section 6.02. 
 SECTION 13.14. Reserved . 
 SECTION 13.15. Anti-Corruption Laws and Sanctions . The Company has implemented and maintains in effect policies and procedures designed to ensure compliance by the Company, its Subsidiaries and their respective directors, officers, employees and agents with Anti-Corruption Laws, Anti-Money Laundering Laws and applicable Sanctions, and the Company, its Subsidiaries and their respective officers and employees and to the knowledge of the Company its directors and agents, are in compliance with Anti-Corruption Laws, Anti-Money Laundering Laws and applicable Sanctions in all material respects and, in the case of any Subsidiary Borrower, is not knowingly engaged in any activity that could reasonably be expected to result in such Borrower being designated as a Sanctioned Person. None of (a) the Company, any Subsidiary or to the knowledge of the Company or such Subsidiary any of their respective directors, officers or employees, or (b) to the knowledge of the Company, any agent of the Company or any Subsidiary that will act in any capacity in connection with or benefit from the credit facility established hereby, is a Sanctioned Person. No Borrowing or Letter of Credit, use of proceeds or other Transactions will violate any Anti-Corruption Law or applicable Sanctions. The foregoing representations in this Section 3.15 will not apply to any party hereto to which Council Regulation (EC) 2271 96 (the Blocking Regulation applies, if and to the extent that such representations are or would be unenforceable by or in respect of that party pursuant to, or would otherwise result in a breach and or violation of, (i) any provision of the Blocking Regulation (or any law or regulation implementing the Blocking Regulation in any member state of the European Union) or (ii) any similar blocking or anti-boycott law in the United Kingdom. 
 SECTION 13.16. Insurance . The Company maintains, and has caused each Subsidiary to maintain, with financially sound and reputable insurance companies, insurance on all their real and personal property in such amounts, subject to such deductibles and self-insurance retentions and covering such properties and risks as are adequate and customarily maintained by companies engaged in the same or similar businesses operating in the same or similar locations. 

SECTION 13.17. Security Interest in Collateral . The provisions of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents, together with such filings and other actions required to be taken hereby or by the other Loan Documents, create legal and valid perfected Liens on all the Collateral described therein in favor of the Administrative Agent, for the benefit of the Secured Parties to the extent required to be created and or perfected thereby, and such Liens constitute perfected and continuing Liens on the Collateral, securing the Secured Obligations, enforceable against the applicable Loan Party and all third parties, and having priority over all other Liens on the Collateral except in the case of (a) Permitted Encumbrances, to the extent any such Permitted Encumbrances would have priority over the Liens in favor of the Administrative Agent pursuant to any applicable law and (b) Liens perfected only by (i) possession (including possession of any certificate of title) to the extent the Administrative Agent has not obtained or does not maintain possession of such Collateral or (ii) with respect to accounts, control. 
 SECTION 13.18. Use of Proceeds . The proceeds of the Loans have been used and will be used, whether directly or indirectly as set forth in Section 5.08. 
 SECTION 13.19. Solvency . Immediately after the consummation of the Transactions to occur on or before the Effective Date, the Company and its Subsidiaries, taken as a whole, are and will be solvent as provided in the certificate provided pursuant to Section 4.01(g). 
 SECTION 13.20. Affected Financial Institutions . No Loan Party is an Affected Financial Institution. 
 SECTION 13.21. Plan Assets Prohibited Transactions . None of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries is an entity deemed to hold plan assets (within the meaning of the Plan Asset Regulations), and neither the execution, delivery nor performance of the Transactions, including the making of any Loan and the issuance of any Letter of Credit hereunder, will give rise to a non-exempt prohibited transaction under Section 406 of ERISA or Section 4975 of the Code. 
 SECTION 13.22. Material Contracts . As of the Effective Date, each Material Contract (i) is in full force and effect and is binding upon and enforceable against each Loan Party that is a party thereto and, to the best knowledge of such Loan Party, all other parties thereto in accordance with its terms, except as could not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect, and (ii) is not in default due to the action of any Loan Party or, to the best knowledge of any Loan Party, of any other Person that could reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect, any other party thereto. 
 SECTION 13.23. Nature of Business . 
 (a) No Loan Party is engaged in any business other than as conducted on the Effective Date and other business reasonably related or ancillary thereto. 
 (b) Each of the Company and Funko Holdings is a holding company and does not have any material liabilities (other than liabilities arising under the Loan Documents, liabilities imposed by law, including tax liabilities, obligations under any employment agreement, stock option plan or other benefit plan for management or employees of the Company and its Subsidiaries, and other liabilities (not including Indebtedness) incidental to its existence and permitted business and activities), own any material assets (other than the ownership of Equity Interests of its Subsidiaries and activities incidental thereto, including corporate maintenance activities (including the payment of expenses) associated with being a holding company for a consolidated group (or of being a member of the consolidated group of Public Holdco), cash and investments permitted hereunder) or engage in any operations or business (other than the ownership of its Subsidiaries). 
 ARTICLE XIV Conditions 
 SECTION 14.01. Effective Date . The obligations of the Lenders to make Loans and of the Issuing Bank to issue Letters of Credit hereunder shall not become effective until the date on which each of the following conditions is satisfied (or waived in accordance with Section 9.02) 

(a) The Administrative Agent (or its counsel) shall have received (i) from each party hereto either (A) a counterpart of this Agreement signed on behalf of such party (which, subject to Section 9.06(b), may include any Electronic Signatures transmitted by telecopy, emailed pdf, or any other electronic means that reproduces an image of an actual executed signature page) or (B) written evidence satisfactory to the Administrative Agent (which, subject to Section 9.06(b), may include any Electronic Signatures transmitted by telecopy, emailed pdf or any other electronic means that reproduced an image of an actual executed signature page of this Agreement) that such party has signed a counterpart of this Agreement and (ii) duly executed copies of the Loan Documents, including any promissory notes requested by a Lender pursuant to Section 2.10 payable to each such requesting Lender, all in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent and its counsel and as further described in the list of closing documents attached as Exhibit D . 
 (b) The Administrative Agent shall have received such documents and certificates as the Administrative Agent or its counsel may reasonably request relating to the organization, existence and good standing of the initial Loan Parties, the authorization of the Transactions and any other legal matters relating to such Loan Parties, the Loan Documents or the Transactions, all in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent and its counsel and as further described in the list of closing documents attached as Exhibit D . 
 (c) The Administrative Agent shall have received customary written opinions (addressed to the Administrative Agent and the Lenders and dated the Effective Date) of (a) Karr Tuttle Campbell, Washington counsel to the Loan Parties, and (b) Latham & Watkins LLP, New York and California counsel to the Loan Parties, in each case, covering such other matters relating to the Loan Parties, the Loan Documents or the Transactions as the Administrative Agent shall reasonably request. The Company hereby requests such counsels to deliver such opinions. 
 (d) The Lenders, the Administrative Agent and the Lead Arrangers shall have received or been authorized to deduct from the proceeds of the Credit Events to occur on the Effective Date all fees required to be paid by the Company on or before the Effective Date, and all expenses for which invoices have been presented not less than three (3) Business Days prior to the Effective Date (except as otherwise reasonably agreed by the Company). 
 (e) The Lead Arrangers shall have received (i) audited consolidated financial statements of Public Holdco for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2020 and (ii) unaudited consolidated financial statements for any interim period or periods of Public Holdco ended after the date of the most recent audited financial statements, to the extent available. The filing of the required financial statements under clauses (i) and (ii) above on form 10-K and or form 10-Q by Public Holdco, as applicable will satisfy such requirements. 
 (f) The Administrative Agent shall have received a copy of the plan and forecast covering a period of not less than four (4) years (including a projected consolidated balance sheet, income statement and cash flow statement) of the Company and its Subsidiaries in form reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent and demonstrating, in the reasonable judgment of the Administrative Agent, the ability of the Company and the other Borrowers to repay their debts and to comply with the financial covenants hereunder. 
 (g) The Administrative Agent shall have received (i) a certificate in the form of Exhibit J , dated the Effective Date and signed by the chief financial officer of the Company, certifying that the Company and its Subsidiaries are solvent as provided therein as of the Effective Date immediately after the consummation of the Transactions being effected on or before the Effective Date and (ii) a certificate dated as of the Effective Date and signed by the president, vice president or a Financial Officer of the Company confirming compliance with the conditions set forth in Section 4.02(a) and (b) hereof. 
 (h) The Administrative Agent and the Lenders shall have received, at least five (5) days prior to the Effective Date, (i) all documentation and other information required by regulatory authorities under applicable know your customer and Anti-Money Laundering Laws, rules and regulations, including the PATRIOT Act to the extent requested in writing of the Company at least ten (10) days prior to the Effective Date and (ii) a properly completed and signed IRS Form W-8 or W-9, as applicable, for each 

Loan Party. To the extent any Borrower qualifies as a legal entity customer under the Beneficial Ownership Regulation, at least five (5) days prior to the Effective Date, any Lender that has requested, in a written notice to the Company at least ten (10) days prior to the Effective Date, a Beneficial Ownership Certification in relation to each such Borrower shall have received such Beneficial Ownership Certification provided that, upon the execution and delivery by such Lender of its signature page to this Agreement, the condition set forth in this sentence shall be deemed to be satisfied). 
 (i) The Administrative Agent (or its counsel) shall have received the following 
 (i) each document (including any UCC financing statement and federal intellectual property filing) required by the Collateral Documents or under law or reasonably requested by the Administrative Agent to be filed, registered or recorded in order to create in favor of the Administrative Agent, for the benefit of the Secured Parties (or to reaffirm or re-evidence the perfection of), a perfected Lien on the Collateral described therein, in proper form for filing, registration or recordation 
 (ii) (A) the certificates (if any) representing the Equity Interests pledged pursuant to the Collateral Documents, together with an undated stock power for each such certificate executed in blank by a duly authorized officer of the pledgor thereof, and (B) each promissory note (if any) pledged to the Administrative Agent pursuant to the Collateral Documents endorsed (without recourse) in blank (or accompanied by an executed transfer form in blank) by the pledgor thereof and 
 (iii) certificates of insurance listing the Administrative Agent as (x) lender loss payee for the property casualty insurance policies of the Loan Parties, together with separate lender loss payee endorsements, and (y) additional insured with respect to the liability insurance of the Loan Parties, together with separate additional insured endorsements (subject to Section 5.14 ). 
 (j) The Administrative Agent shall have received evidence satisfactory to it that the credit facilities evidenced by the Existing Credit Agreement shall have been terminated and cancelled and all indebtedness thereunder shall have been fully repaid (except to the extent being so repaid with the initial Loans) and any and all liens and guarantees thereunder shall have been (or, substantially simultaneously with the Effective Date, shall be) terminated and released. 
 The Administrative Agent shall notify the Company and the Lenders of the Effective Date, and such notice shall be conclusive and binding. 
 SECTION 14.02. Each Other Credit Event . The obligation of each Lender to make a Loan on the occasion of any Borrowing, and of the Issuing Banks to issue, amend, renew or extend any Letter of Credit, is subject to the satisfaction of the following conditions 
 (a) The representations and warranties of the Borrowers set forth in this Agreement shall be true and correct in all material respects (and in all respects if qualified by Material Adverse Effect or other materiality qualifier) on and as of the date of such Borrowing or the date of issuance, amendment, renewal or extension of such Letter of Credit, as applicable. 
 (b) At the time of and immediately after giving effect to such Borrowing or the issuance, amendment, renewal or extension of such Letter of Credit, as applicable, no Default or Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing. 
 (c) No law or regulation shall prohibit, and no order, judgment or decree of any Governmental Authority shall enjoin, prohibit or restrain, any Lender from making the requested Loan or the Issuing Bank or any Lender from issuing, renewing, extending or increasing the face amount of or participating in the Letter of Credit requested to be issued, renewed, extended or increased. 
 (d) No Covenant Relief Period shall be in effect at such time, unless otherwise agreed by the Required Revolving Lenders provided that, subject to the other terms and conditions set forth in this 

Section 4.02 and otherwise in this Agreement, this Section 4.02(d) shall not prohibit the Borrowers from drawing additional Revolving Loans in an aggregate principal amount that will not result in the Dollar Amount of the Total Revolving Credit Exposure exceeding 141,000,000. 
 Each Borrowing and each issuance, amendment, renewal or extension of a Letter of Credit shall be deemed to constitute a representation and warranty by the Borrowers on the date thereof as to the matters specified in paragraphs (a) and (b) of this Section. 
 SECTION 14.03. Designation of a Subsidiary Borrower . The designation of a Subsidiary Borrower pursuant to Section 2.23 is subject to the condition precedent that the Company or such proposed Subsidiary Borrower shall have furnished or caused to be furnished to the Administrative Agent 
 (a) Copies, certified by the Secretary or Assistant Secretary (or such other officer or representative acceptable to the Administrative Agent) of such Subsidiary, of its Board of Directors resolutions (and resolutions of other bodies, if any are deemed necessary by counsel for the Administrative Agent) approving the Borrowing Subsidiary Agreement and any other Loan Documents to which such Subsidiary is becoming a party and such documents and certificates as the Administrative Agent or its counsel may reasonably request relating to the organization, existence and good standing of such Subsidiary 
 (b) An incumbency certificate, executed by the Secretary or Assistant Secretary (or such other officer or representative acceptable to the Administrative Agent) of such Subsidiary, which shall identify by name and title and bear the signature of the officers of such Subsidiary authorized to request Borrowings hereunder and sign the Borrowing Subsidiary Agreement and the other Loan Documents to which such Subsidiary is becoming a party, upon which certificate the Administrative Agent and the Lenders shall be entitled to rely until informed of any change in writing by the Company or such Subsidiary 
 (c) Opinions of counsel to such Subsidiary, in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent and its counsel, with respect to the laws of its jurisdiction of organization and such other matters as are reasonably requested by counsel to the Administrative Agent and addressed to the Administrative Agent and the Lenders and 
 (d) Any promissory notes requested by any Lender, and any other instruments and documents reasonably requested by the Administrative Agent. 
 ARTICLE XV Affirmative Covenants 
 Until the Commitments have expired or been terminated (other than contingent indemnification obligations as to which no claim has been asserted) and the principal of and interest on each Loan and all fees payable hereunder shall have been paid in full and all Letters of Credit shall have expired or terminated or have been cash collateralized in accordance with Section 2.06(l) , in each case, without any pending draw, and all LC Disbursements shall have been reimbursed, each Borrower covenants and agrees with the Lenders that 
 SECTION 15.01. Financial Statements and Other Information . The Company will furnish to the Administrative Agent and each Lender 
 (a) within ninety (90) days after the end of each fiscal year of the Company, its consolidated and consolidating balance sheets, consolidated and consolidating statements of operations and consolidated and consolidating statements of cash flows as of the end of and for such year, setting forth in each case in comparative form the figures for the previous fiscal year, and, with respect to such consolidated balance sheets, statements of operations, and statement of cash flow, reported on by Ernst & Young LLP or other independent public accountants of recognized national standing (without a going concern or like qualification or exception and without any qualification or exception as to the scope of such audit (except 

as may be required solely as a result of the impending maturity of any Indebtedness incurred under or in compliance with this Agreement)) to the effect that such consolidated financial statements present fairly in all material respects the financial condition and results of operations of the Company and its consolidated Subsidiaries on a consolidated basis in accordance with GAAP consistently applied 
 (b) within forty five (45) days after the end of each of the first three fiscal quarters of each fiscal year of the Company, its internally prepared consolidated balance sheets, statements of operations and statements of cash flows as of the end of and for such fiscal quarter and the then elapsed portion of the fiscal year, setting forth in each case in comparative form the figures for the corresponding period or periods of (or, in the case of the balance sheet, as of the end of) the previous fiscal year, all certified by one of its Financial Officers as presenting fairly in all material respects the financial condition and results of operations of the Company and its consolidated Subsidiaries on a consolidated basis in accordance with GAAP consistently applied, subject to normal year-end audit adjustments and the absence of footnotes 
 provided that, notwithstanding the foregoing clauses (a) and (b), the Loan Parties will be permitted to satisfy their obligations with respect to financial information relating to the Company and its consolidated Subsidiaries described in clauses (a) and (b) of this Section 5.01 by furnishing such financial information as it relates to the Public Holdco provided further that (i) the same is accompanied by consolidating information that explains in reasonable detail the differences between the information relating to the Public Holdco and its consolidated Subsidiaries, on the one hand, and the information relating to the Company and its consolidated Subsidiaries on a standalone basis, on the other hand Consolidating Information and (ii) the Consolidating Information shall be certified by a Financial Officer as presenting fairly in all material respects the financial position and results of operations of the Company and its consolidated Subsidiaries on a standalone basis 
 (c) concurrently with any delivery of financial statements under clause (a) or (b) above, a certificate of a Financial Officer of the Company substantially in the form of Exhibit K or such other form reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent), i) certifying as to whether a Default has occurred and, if a Default has occurred, specifying the details thereof and any action taken or proposed to be taken with respect thereto, (ii) setting forth reasonably detailed calculations demonstrating compliance with Section 6.10 and the aggregate amount of Qualified Cash as of the date of such certificate , (iii) including a list of each Subsidiary that identifies each Subsidiary as a Restricted Subsidiary or an Unrestricted Subsidiary as of the date of delivery of such certificate (to the extent that there have been any changes in the identity or status as a Restricted Subsidiary or Unrestricted Subsidiary of any such Subsidiaries since the later of the Effective Date and the most recent list provided) and (iv) stating whether any change in GAAP or in the application thereof has occurred since the date of the audited financial statements referred to in Section 3.04 and, if any such change has occurred, specifying the effect of such change on the financial statements accompanying such certificate 
 (d) concurrently with the delivery of the certificate of a Financial Officer of the Company as required by clause (c) above with the delivery of the financial statements required under Section 5.01(a), updated versions of the Exhibits to the Security Agreement (provided that if there have been no changes to any such Exhibits since the previous updating thereof required hereby, the Company shall indicate that there has been no change to the applicable Exhibit(s)) 
 (e) concurrently with the delivery of the certificate of a Financial Officer of the Company as required by clause (c) above, copies of any management letters, if any, submitted to any Loan Party by its auditors in connection with any annual or interim audit of the books thereof, solely to the extent disclosure thereof is allowed by the auditors 
 (f) concurrently with the delivery of the certificate of a Financial Officer of the Company as required by clause (c) above, all documents and information furnished to any Governmental Authority during such fiscal quarter in connection with any investigation of any Loan Party by such Governmental Authority other than routine inquiries or other inquires where liability is not reasonably expected to exceed 2,500,000, but excluding any such documents or information the delivery of which would violate applicable law or result in a breach of a Loan Party s attorney-client privilege 

(g) concurrently with the delivery of the certificate of a Financial Officer of the Company as required by clause (c) above, copies of any material notices not delivered in the ordinary course of business that any Loan Party sent to any holders of its Indebtedness or its securities or files with the Securities and Exchange Commission, or any Governmental Authority succeeding to any or all of the functions of said Commission, or with any national securities exchange, or distributed by the Company to its shareholders generally, as the case may be and 
 (h) promptly following any request therefor, (x) such other information regarding the operations, business affairs and financial condition of the Company or any Subsidiary, or compliance with the terms of this Agreement, as the Administrative Agent or any Lender may reasonably request (including, without limitation, variance reports during the Covenant Relief Period describing variances from any cash flow projections delivered pursuant to Section 5.01(i)) and (y) information and documentation reasonably requested by the Administrative Agent or any Lender for purposes of compliance with applicable know your customer and Anti-Money Laundering Laws, rules and regulations, including the Patriot Act and the Beneficial Ownership Regulation . 
 (i) solely during the Covenant Relief Period, on every Monday (or if such Monday is not a Business Day, the immediately following Business Day), commencing with March 6, 2023, a rolling 13-week cash flow forecast covering the Company and its Subsidiaries on a consolidated basis, which cash flow forecast shall include (i) anticipated use of Qualified Cash and proceeds of the Loans for each week during such period and (ii) a detailed calculation of Qualified Cash (including, but not limited to, the institution at which the Qualified Cash is held) demonstrating compliance with Section 6.10(c) as of the immediately preceding Friday and as of the date of delivery of such weekly cash flow forecast (and indicating whether a payment is then due in accordance with Section 2.11(f)), all of which, shall be substantially similar to the form delivered to the Administrative Agent on or prior to the Amendment No. 3 Effective Date as required by Section 2 of Amendment No. 3 and 
 (j) solely during the Covenant Relief Period, no later than 30 days after the start of each month ending during the Covenant Relief Period (commencing with March 2023), management discussion and analysis for the Company and its Subsidiaries, which shall include (i) a copy of the plan and forecast (including, without limitation, (A) a monthly projected consolidated income statement, consolidated balance sheet and consolidated statement of cash flows and (B) a monthly projected detailed calculation of Consolidated EBITDA for the Company and its Restricted Subsidiaries (including, without limitation, the amounts anticipated to be added back to Consolidated EBITDA pursuant to each clause under paragraph (b) of the definition of Consolidated EBITDA) of the Company and its Subsidiaries for the 12-month period commencing with such month, (ii) a schedule detailing the inventory of the Company and its Subsidiaries by location (showing inventory in transit and any inventory located with a third party under any consignment, bailee arrangement or warehouse arrangement), by class (raw material, work-in-process, and finished goods), by product type, and by volume on hand, which inventory shall be valued at the lower of cost (determined on a first-in, first-out basis) or market, (iii) a schedule detailing wholesale orders, charge-backs and returns for the Company and its Subsidiaries, (iv) a detailed schedule and description of the number of shipping or storage containers held by the Company and its Subsidiaries, together with a summary of cost per container and detailed report and plan for the return of such containers, (v) a schedule detailing warehouse utilization of the Company and its Subsidiaries, (vi) a detailed status and update relating to the implementation by the Company and its Subsidiaries of a whole warehouse management system and (vi) a detailed calculation of Qualified Cash (including, but not limited to, the institution at which the Qualified Cash is held) demonstrating compliance with Section 6.10(c) as of the end of the most recently ended month, all in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent. 
 Notwithstanding the foregoing, (i) in the event that the Company (or the Public Holdco) delivers to the Administrative Agent an Annual Report on Form 10-K for any fiscal year (or similar filing in the applicable jurisdiction), as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission or in such form as would have been suitable for filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission, within the time frames set forth in Section 5.01(a) above, such Form 10-K shall satisfy all requirements of Section 5.01(a) with respect to such fiscal year to the extent that it contains the information and report and opinion required by such Section (including, the Consolidating Information), (ii) in the event that the Company (or the Public Holdco) delivers to the Administrative Agent a Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for any fiscal quarter (or 

similar filing in the applicable jurisdiction), as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission or in such form as would have been suitable for filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission, within the time frames set forth in Section 5.01(b) above, such Form 10-Q shall satisfy all requirements of Section 5.01(b) with respect to such fiscal quarter to the extent that it contains the information required by such Section (including, the Consolidating Information), and (iii) in every instance the Company shall be required to provide copies of the compliance certificates required by clause (c) of this Section 5.01 to the Administrative Agent by electronic mail of pdf documents, unless otherwise requested by the Administrative Agent. 
 SECTION 15.02. Notices of Material Events . The Company will furnish to the Administrative Agent and each Lender prompt written notice of the following 
 (a) the occurrence of any Default 
 (b) the filing or commencement of any action, suit or proceeding by or before any arbitrator or Governmental Authority against or affecting the Company or any Affiliate thereof that, if adversely determined, could reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect 
 (c) the occurrence of any ERISA Event that, alone or together with any other ERISA Events that have occurred, could reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect 
 (d) any other development that results in, or could reasonably be expected to result in, a Material Adverse Effect and 
 (e) any material loss or destruction of, or substantial damage to, any of the Collateral, in excess of 5,000,000. 
 Each notice delivered under this Section shall be accompanied by a statement of a Financial Officer or other executive officer of the Company setting forth the details of the event or development requiring such notice and any action taken or proposed to be taken with respect thereto. 
 SECTION 15.03. Existence Conduct of Business . The Company will, and will cause each of its Subsidiaries to, do or cause to be done all things necessary to preserve, renew and keep in full force and effect its legal existence and the rights, licenses, permits, privileges and franchises material to the conduct of its business, except to the extent that failure to do so would not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect provided that the foregoing shall not prohibit any merger, consolidation, liquidation or dissolution permitted under Section 6.03. 
 SECTION 15.04. Payment of Obligations . The Company will, and will cause each of its Subsidiaries to, pay its obligations, including Tax liabilities, that, if not paid, could reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect before the same shall become delinquent or in default, except where (a) the validity or amount thereof is being contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings, (b) the Company or such Subsidiary has set aside on its books adequate reserves with respect thereto in accordance with GAAP and (c) the failure to make payment pending such contest could not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect. 
 SECTION 15.05. Maintenance of Properties Insurance . The Company will, and will cause each of its Subsidiaries to, (a) keep and maintain all property material to the conduct of its business in good working order and condition, ordinary wear and tear excepted, and (b) maintain with financially sound and reputable carriers (i) insurance in such amounts (with no greater risk retention) and against such risks (including loss or damage by fire and loss in transit theft, burglary, pilferage, larceny, embezzlement, and other criminal activities business interruption and general liability) and such other hazards, as is customarily maintained by companies of established repute engaged in the same or similar businesses operating in the same or similar locations and (ii) all insurance required pursuant to the Collateral Documents. The Company will furnish to the Lenders, upon request of the Administrative Agent, information in reasonable detail as to the insurance so maintained. The Company shall deliver to the Administrative Agent endorsements (x) to all All Risk physical damage insurance policies on all of the Loan Parties tangible personal property and assets insurance policies naming the Administrative Agent 

as lender loss payee, and (y) to all general liability and other liability policies (which, for the avoidance of doubt, shall not include any directors and officers policies, workers compensation or cyber policies) naming the Administrative Agent an additional insured, and shall provide for not less than 30 days prior written notice (or 10 days prior written notice in the case of non-payment of premiums) to the Administrative Agent of the exercise of any right of cancellation. With respect to each improved real property subject to a Mortgage that is located in an area identified by the Federal Emergency Management Agency (or any successor agency) as a special flood hazard area with respect to which flood insurance has been made available under Flood Insurance Laws, the applicable Loan Party (A) will maintain, with financially sound and reputable insurance companies, such flood insurance sufficient to comply with all applicable rules and regulations promulgated pursuant to the Flood Insurance Laws and (B) promptly upon request of the Administrative Agent will deliver to the Administrative Agent (which the Administrative Agent will deliver to the Lenders), evidence of such compliance in form and substance reasonably acceptable to the Administrative Agent or including, without limitation, evidence of annual renewals of such insurance. To the extent required by applicable law, in the event any Collateral is located in any area that has been designated by the Federal Emergency Management Agency as a special flood hazard area , each Loan Party shall purchase and maintain flood insurance on such Collateral (including any personal property which is located on any real property leased by such Loan Party within a special flood hazard area ). The amount of flood insurance required by this Section shall be in an amount sufficient to comply with all applicable rules and regulations promulgated pursuant to the Flood Insurance Laws. In the event the Company or any of its Subsidiaries at any time or times hereafter shall fail to obtain or maintain any of the policies or insurance required herein or to pay any premium in whole or in part relating thereto, then the Administrative Agent, without waiving or releasing any obligations or resulting Default hereunder, may at any time or times thereafter (but shall be under no obligation to do so) obtain and maintain such policies of insurance and pay such premiums and take any other action with respect thereto which the Administrative Agent deems advisable. All sums so disbursed by the Administrative Agent shall constitute part of the Obligations, payable as provided in this Agreement. 
 SECTION 15.06. Books and Records Inspection Rights . The Company will, and will cause each of its Subsidiaries to, keep proper books of record and account in which full, true and correct entries are made of all dealings and transactions in relation to its business and activities. The Company will, and will cause each of its Subsidiaries to, permit any representatives designated by the Administrative Agent or any Lender, subject to any restrictions in leases and upon reasonable prior notice, to visit and inspect its properties, to examine and make extracts from its books and records, and to discuss its affairs, finances and condition with its officers and independent accountants, all at such reasonable times and as often as reasonably requested provided that , excluding any such visits and inspections during the continuation of an Event of Default, (i) only the Administrative Agent on behalf of the Lenders may exercise such rights and (ii) the Administrative Agent shall not exercise such rights more often than two times during any calendar year. The Company acknowledges that the Administrative Agent, after exercising its rights of inspection, may prepare and distribute to the Lenders certain reports pertaining to the Company and its Subsidiaries assets for internal use by the Administrative Agent and the Lenders. The Administrative Agent and the Lenders shall give the Company the opportunity to participate in any discussions with their accountants. 
 SECTION 15.07. Compliance with Laws . The Company will, and will cause each of its Subsidiaries to, (i) comply with all laws, rules, regulations and orders of any Governmental Authority applicable to it or its property (including without limitation Environmental Laws) and (ii) perform in all material respects its obligations under material agreements to which it is a party, in each case except where the failure to do so, individually or in the aggregate, could not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect. The Company will maintain in effect and enforce policies and procedures designed to ensure compliance by the Company, its Subsidiaries and their respective directors, officers, employees and agents with Anti-Corruption Laws, Anti-Money Laundering Laws and applicable Sanctions. 
 SECTION 15.08. Use of Proceeds . 
 (a) The proceeds of the Loans and Letters of Credit shall be used to repay existing indebtedness (including under the Existing Credit Agreement), fees and expenses associated with the Transactions, finance the working capital needs, and for general corporate purposes, of the Company and its 

Subsidiaries in the ordinary course of business (including acquisitions (other than Hostile Acquisitions), investments in joint ventures, dividends and share repurchases, all to the extent permitted hereunder). 
 (b) No part of the proceeds of any Loan will be used, whether directly or indirectly, for any purpose that entails a violation of any of the Regulations of the Federal Reserve Board, including Regulations T, U and X. No Borrower will request any Borrowing or Letter of Credit, and no Borrower shall use, and the Company shall procure that its Subsidiaries and its or their respective directors, officers, employees and agents shall not use, the proceeds of any Borrowing or Letter of Credit (i) in furtherance of an offer, payment, promise to pay, or authorization of the payment or giving of money, or anything else of value, to any Person in violation of any Anti-Corruption Laws or Anti-Money Laundering Laws, (ii) for the purpose of funding, financing or facilitating any activities, business or transaction of or with any Sanctioned Person, or in any Sanctioned Country, to the extent such activities, businesses or transaction would be prohibited by Sanctions if conducted by a corporation incorporated in the United States or in a European Union member state or (iii) in any manner that would result in the violation of any Sanctions applicable to any party hereto. The foregoing clauses (ii) and (iii) of this Section 5.08(b) will not apply to any party hereto to which the Blocking Regulation applies, if and to the extent that such provisions are or would be unenforceable by or in respect of that party pursuant to, or would otherwise result in a breach and or violation of, (i) any provision of the Blocking Regulation (or any law or regulation implementing the Blocking Regulation in any member state of the European Union) or (ii) any similar blocking or anti-boycott law in the United Kingdom. 
 SECTION 15.09. Subsidiary Guaranty Pledges Additional Collateral Further Assurances . 
 (a) As promptly as possible but in any event within thirty (30) days (or such later date as may be agreed upon by the Administrative Agent) after any Person becomes a Domestic Subsidiary (other than any Excluded Subsidiary) or after any Domestic Subsidiary becomes a Material Subsidiary (and does not otherwise constitute an Excluded Subsidiary), in each case, the Company shall provide the Administrative Agent with written notice thereof setting forth information in reasonable detail describing the material assets of such Person and shall cause each such Domestic Subsidiary to deliver to the Administrative Agent a joinder to the Subsidiary Guaranty and the Security Agreement (in each case) in the form contemplated thereby pursuant to which such Subsidiary agrees to be bound by the terms and provisions of thereof, such Subsidiary Guaranty and the Security Agreement to be accompanied by appropriate organizational resolutions, other organizational documentation and legal and joinder opinions, as the Administrative Agent may reasonably request, in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent and its counsel. Notwithstanding the foregoing, no Excluded Subsidiary shall be required to become a Subsidiary Guarantor. 
 (b) The Company will cause, and will cause each other Loan Party to cause, all of its owned property (whether tangible, intangible, or mixed, but excluding any Excluded Property or real property that is not Material Real Property) to be subject at all times to first priority, perfected Liens in favor of the Administrative Agent for the benefit of the Secured Parties to secure the Secured Obligations in accordance with the terms and conditions of the Collateral Documents, subject in any case to Liens permitted by Section 6.02. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing (and, for the avoidance of doubt, without requiring any pledge of Excluded Property), (i) the Company will cause the Applicable Pledge Percentage of the issued and outstanding Equity Interests of each Pledge Subsidiary directly owned by the Company or any other Loan Party to be subject at all times to a first priority, perfected Lien under the UCC in favor of the Administrative Agent to secure the Secured Obligations in accordance with the terms and conditions of the Collateral Documents (including, without limitation, the Perfection Exceptions under and as defined in the Security Agreement), and (ii) the Company will, and will cause each Loan Party to, deliver Mortgages and Mortgage Instruments with respect to Material Real Property owned by the Company or such Loan Party to the extent, and within such time period as is, reasonably required by the Administrative Agent (which time period shall not be less than 90 days with respect to any real property or such later date as agreed by the Administrative Agent in its reasonable discretion). Notwithstanding the foregoing, no such Pledge Agreement in respect of the Equity Interests of a First-Tier Foreign Subsidiary or Lien in respect of any other Collateral, in each case, shall be required hereunder to be pledged, created and or perfected to the extent the Administrative Agent or its counsel determines that such pledge or grant or perfection of such Lien, as the case may be, would not provide 

material credit support for the benefit of the Secured Parties pursuant to legally valid, binding and enforceable Collateral Documents. 
 (c) Without limiting, but not in contravention of, the foregoing, the Company will, and will cause each Subsidiary to, execute and deliver, or cause to be executed and delivered, to the Administrative Agent such documents, agreements and instruments, and will take or cause to be taken such further actions (including the filing and recording of financing statements, fixture filings, Mortgages, deeds of trust and other documents and such other actions or deliveries of the type required by Section 4.01, as applicable), which may be required by law or which the Administrative Agent may, from time to time, reasonably request to carry out the terms and conditions of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents and to ensure perfection and priority of the Liens created or intended to be created by the Collateral Documents, all at the expense of the Company. 
 (d) If any assets are acquired by a Loan Party after the Effective Date (other than (i) assets constituting Collateral under the Security Agreement that become subject to the Lien under the Security Agreement upon acquisition thereof, (ii) Excluded Property and (iii) real property that does not constitute Material Real Property), the Company will notify the Administrative Agent thereof, and, if requested by the Administrative Agent, the Company will cause such assets to be subjected to a Lien securing the Secured Obligations and will take, and cause the other Loan Parties to take, such actions as shall be necessary or reasonably requested by the Administrative Agent to grant and perfect such Liens, including actions described in paragraph (c) of this Section, all at the expense of the Company. 
 (e) Notwithstanding the foregoing, no Excluded Subsidiary shall be required to become a Loan Party hereunder (and, as such, shall not be required to deliver the documents required by Section 5.09(a)) and no Loan Party shall be required to provide any security interest in any Excluded Property. 
 (f) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary set forth herein 
 (i) the Administrative Agent shall not accept any Mortgage from any Loan Party in respect of any real property until the date that is (1) if the Mortgage relates to a property not located in a special flood hazard area , ten (10) Business Days or (2) if the Mortgaged relates to a property located in a special flood hazard area , thirty (30) days (in each case, a Mortgage Notice Period ), in each case, after the Administrative Agent has delivered to the Lenders the following documents in respect of such real property (x) a completed flood hazard determination from a third party vendor (y) if such real property is located in a special flood hazard area , (A) a notification to the applicable Loan Parties of that fact and (if applicable) notification to the applicable Loan Parties that flood insurance coverage is not available and (B) evidence of the receipt by the applicable Loan Parties of such notice and (z) if required by Flood Insurance Laws, evidence of required flood insurance provided that any such Mortgage may be accepted by the Administrative Agent prior to the Mortgage Notice Period expiring if the Administrative Agent shall have received confirmation from each applicable Lender that such Lender has completed any necessary flood insurance due diligence to its reasonable satisfaction and 
 (ii) no MIRE Event may be closed until the date that is (1) if there are no Mortgaged Properties in a special flood hazard area , ten (10) Business Days or (2) if there are any Mortgaged Properties in a special flood hazard area , thirty (30) days (in each case, a MIRE Event Notice Period ), in each case, after the Administrative Agent has delivered to the Lenders the following documents in respect of such real property (x) a completed flood hazard determination from a third party vendor (y) if such real property is located in a special flood hazard area , (A) a notification to the applicable Loan Parties of that fact and (if applicable) notification to the applicable Loan Parties that flood insurance coverage is not available and (B) evidence of the receipt by the applicable Loan Parties of such notice and (z) if required by Flood Insurance Laws, evidence of required flood insurance provided that any such MIRE Event may be closed prior to the MIRE Event Notice Period if the Administrative Agent shall have received confirmation from each applicable Lender that such Lender has completed any necessary flood insurance due diligence to its reasonable satisfaction. 

SECTION 15.10. Cash Management Accounts . 
 The Loan Parties shall establish and maintain cash management services of a type and on terms reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent (it being understood that the cash management services in effect on the Effective Date are satisfactory to the Administrative Agent) at one or more of the Lenders or their Affiliates (each a Cash Management Bank ). 
 SECTION 15.11. Landlord Waivers . To the extent and by such time as reasonably requested by the Administrative Agent from time to time, the Loan Parties shall use commercially reasonable efforts to deliver to the Administrative Agent a Collateral Access Agreement in respect of any headquarter location of any of the Loan Parties at which any books and records of Loan Parties (other than books and records that are duplicative of those maintained at other locations subject to a Collateral Access Agreement) are located which is not owned by a Loan Party. 
 SECTION 15.12. Subordination of Intercompany Debt . The Company shall, and shall cause each Loan Party to, cause all Indebtedness (other than any Indebtedness in respect of the Intercompany Loan) now or hereafter owed by such Loan Party to any of its Affiliates that is not a Loan Party, to be subordinated in right of payment and security to the Secured Obligations in accordance with the Intercompany Subordination Agreement or such other applicable subordination agreement in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent. 
 SECTION 15.13. Lender Meetings . Upon The Borrowers shall, upon the request of the Administrative Agent or the Required Lenders (which request, so long as no Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing, shall not be made more than (i) four times during each fiscal year so long as the Covenant Relief Period is then in effect or (ii) otherwise, once during each fiscal year), participate in a meeting (which may be conducted via a conference call) with the Administrative Agent and the Lenders at the Borrowers corporate offices (or at such other location as may be agreed to by the Company and the Administrative Agent or the Required Lenders) at such time as may be agreed to by the Company and the Administrative Agent or the Required Lenders. 
 
 SECTION 15.14. Post-Closing Requirements . Not later than the dates set forth in Schedule 5.14, the Loan Parties shall take, or cause to be taken, the actions set forth on Schedule 5.14. 
 ARTICLE XVI Negative Covenants 
 Until the Commitments have expired or terminated (other than contingent indemnification obligations as to which no claim has been asserted) and the principal of and interest on each Loan and all fees payable hereunder have been paid in full and all Letters of Credit have expired or terminated or have been cash collateralized in accordance with Section 2.06(l), in each case, without any pending draw, and all LC Disbursements shall have been reimbursed, the Company covenants and agrees with the Lenders that 
 SECTION 16.01. Indebtedness . The Company will not, and will not permit any Subsidiary to, create, incur, assume or permit to exist any Indebtedness, except 
 (a) the Secured Obligations and any other Indebtedness created under the Loan Documents, including any permitted refinancing thereof 
 (b) Indebtedness existing on the Effective Date and set forth in Schedule 6.01 and extensions, renewals and replacements of any such Indebtedness with Indebtedness of a similar type that does not, for purposes of this clause (b), increase the outstanding principal amount thereof other than with respect to premiums, interest, fees, discounts and expenses 
 (c) (i) the Intercompany Loan, (ii) the Funko UK Lease Guarantees and (iii) any other Indebtedness of the Company to any Subsidiary and of any Subsidiary to the Company or any other Subsidiary, subject to the limitations set forth in Section 6.04(c) 

(d) Guarantees by the Company of Indebtedness of any Subsidiary and by any Subsidiary of Indebtedness of the Company or any other Subsidiary, in each case, subject to the limitations set forth in Section 6.04(c) 
 (e) Indebtedness of the Company or any Subsidiary incurred to finance the acquisition, construction or improvement of any fixed or capital assets, including Capital Lease Obligations and any Indebtedness assumed in connection with the acquisition of any such assets or secured by a Lien on any such assets prior to the acquisition thereof, and extensions, renewals and replacements of any such Indebtedness that do not, for purposes of this clause (e), increase the outstanding principal amount thereof provided that (i) such Indebtedness is incurred prior to or within 180 days after such acquisition or the completion of such construction or improvement and (ii) the aggregate principal amount of Indebtedness permitted by this clause (e) shall not exceed the greater of (i) 20,000,000 and (ii) 12.5 of Applicable EBITDA 15,000,000 in the aggregate at any time outstanding to finance the acquisition, construction or improvement of any other fixed or capital assets provided further that, subject to the conditions and aggregate cap set forth in the immediately preceding proviso, the aggregate outstanding principal amount of Indebtedness incurred in reliance on this Section 6.01(e) during the Covenant Relief Period shall not exceed 5,000,000 at any time (excluding, for the avoidance of doubt, any Indebtedness set forth on the Amendment No. 3 Schedule that was incurred in reliance on this Section 6.01(e) and any extension, renewal or replacement thereof that does not increase the outstanding principal amount thereof (other than with respect to premiums, interest, fees, discounts and expenses)) provided further that, notwithstanding the foregoing, the aggregate outstanding principal amount of any Indebtedness set forth on the Amendment No. 3 Schedule that was incurred in reliance on this Section 6.01(e) which exceeds the 15,000,000 dollar limitation set forth in the immediately foregoing clause (e)(ii) as of the Amendment No. 3 Effective Date (such excess amount, the Excess Existing Purchase Money Debt shall be permitted to remain outstanding on and after the Amendment No. 3 Effective Date (but such Excess Existing Purchase Money Debt may not be extended, renewed or replaced without the prior written consent of the Required Lenders) 
 (f) any Indebtedness of a Person prior to the acquisition thereof by the Company or any Subsidiary in an aggregate principal amount not to exceed 10,000,000 at any time outstanding provided that (i) such Indebtedness is not incurred in contemplation of or in connection with such acquisition or such Person becoming a Subsidiary, as the case may be, (ii) such Indebtedness shall not have recourse to any other property or assets of the Company or any Subsidiary , and (iii) any extensions, renewals and replacements thereof that do not increase the outstanding principal amount thereof provided that, notwithstanding the foregoing, the Company and its Subsidiaries shall not be permitted to incur any Indebtedness in reliance on this Section 6.01(f) during the Covenant Relief Period (excluding, for the avoidance of doubt, any Indebtedness set forth on the Amendment No. 3 Schedule that was incurred in reliance on this Section 6.01(f) and any extension, renewal or replacement thereof that does not increase the outstanding principal amount thereof (other than with respect to premiums, interest, fees, discounts and expenses)) 
 (g) earnout and other similar contingent obligations (including indemnification obligations and purchase price adjustments) incurred to a seller in a Permitted Acquisition in an aggregate amount for all such obligations not to exceed at any time the lesser of (i) 20,000,000 and (ii) an amount equal to 10.00 the aggregate cash purchase price of any such Permitted Acquisitions at any time outstanding provided that, notwithstanding the foregoing, the Company and its Subsidiaries shall not be permitted to incur any Indebtedness in reliance on this Section 6.01(g) during the Covenant Relief Period (excluding, for the avoidance of doubt, any Indebtedness set forth on the Amendment No. 3 Schedule that was incurred in reliance on this Section 6.01(g) and any extension, renewal or replacement thereof that does not increase the outstanding principal amount thereof (other than with respect to premiums, interest, fees, discounts and expenses)) 
 (h) Subordinated Indebtedness in an aggregate amount not exceeding 10,000,000 at any time outstanding provided that, subject to the aggregate cap set forth above, the aggregate outstanding principal amount of Indebtedness incurred in reliance on this Section 6.01(h) during the Covenant Relief Period shall not exceed 5,000,000 at any time (excluding, for the avoidance of doubt, any Indebtedness set forth on the Amendment No. 3 Schedule that was incurred in reliance on this Section 6.01(h) and any 

extension, renewal or replacement thereof that does not increase the outstanding principal amount thereof (other than with respect to premiums, interest, fees, discounts and expenses)) 
 (i) (x) Indebtedness under Swap Agreements permitted by Section 6.05 and (y) Permitted Bond Hedge Transactions and Permitted Warrant Transactions entered into in connection with Convertible Indebtedness permitted to be incurred under the terms of this Agreement 
 (j) Indebtedness arising from the endorsement of items for deposit or collection of commercial paper received in the ordinary course of business 
 (k) Indebtedness of the Company or any Subsidiary arising from the honoring by a bank or other financial institution of a check, draft or similar instrument inadvertently (except in the case of daylight overdrafts) drawn against insufficient funds in the ordinary course of business provided that such Indebtedness is repaid within two (2) Business Days after being incurred 
 (l) obligations owed to customers of the Company or any Subsidiary arising from the receipt of advance payments from a customer in the ordinary course of business 
 (m) Permitted Unsecured Indebtedness in an aggregate principal amount not to exceed 10,000,000 at any time outstanding provided that, notwithstanding the foregoing, the Company and its Subsidiaries shall not be permitted to incur any Indebtedness in reliance on this Section 6.01(m) during the Covenant Relief Period (excluding, for the avoidance of doubt, any Indebtedness set forth on the Amendment No. 3 Schedule that was incurred in reliance on this Section 6.01(m) and any extension, renewal or replacement thereof that does not increase the outstanding principal amount thereof (other than with respect to premiums, interest, fees, discounts and expenses)) 
 (n) Indebtedness of the Company or any Subsidiary as an account party in respect of trust account funds or letters of credit established or issued for the account of the Company or such Subsidiary, as the case may be, that are established or issued in order to provide security for workers compensation claims or pension plans, payment obligations in connection with self-insurance, reclamation or closure liabilities or similar requirements, in each case in the ordinary course of business 
 (o) obligations of the Company or any Subsidiary arising in respect of performance bonds and completion, guarantee, surety and similar bonds, in each case obtained in the ordinary course of business and pursuant to customary terms in the Company s and such Subsidiary s industry to support statutory and contractual obligations (other than Indebtedness) arising in the ordinary course of business provided that the amount of any such obligations shall not exceed the maximum amount required pursuant to the applicable statutory law or contract 
 (p) Indebtedness of the Company or any Subsidiary consisting of the financing of insurance premiums in the ordinary course of business, so long as the amount of such Indebtedness is not in excess of the amount of the unpaid cost of, and shall be incurred only to defer the cost of, such insurance for the year in which such Indebtedness is incurred and such Indebtedness is outstanding only during such year 
 (q) Attributable Receivables Indebtedness of the Company or any Subsidiary incurred pursuant to Permitted Receivables Facilities in an aggregate amount not to exceed 50,000,000 20,000,000 at any time outstanding provided that, notwithstanding the foregoing, the Company and its Subsidiaries shall not be permitted to incur any Indebtedness in reliance on this Section 6.01(q) during the Covenant Relief Period (excluding, for the avoidance of doubt, any Indebtedness set forth on the Amendment No. 3 Schedule that was incurred in reliance on this Section 6.01(q) and any extension, renewal or replacement thereof that does not increase the outstanding principal amount thereof (other than with respect to premiums, interest, fees, discounts and expenses)) 
 (r) Indebtedness of the Company or any Subsidiary in respect of (i) Banking Services Agreements (or similar agreements provided by Persons other than Lenders and their Affiliates) and (ii) cash pooling arrangements and cash management incurred in the ordinary course of business in respect of netting services and similar arrangements in each case in connection with cash management and deposit accounts, but only to the extent, with respect to any such arrangements, that the total amount of deposits 

subject to such arrangements equals or exceeds the total amount of overdrafts or similar obligations with respect thereto provided that an overdraft account, not to exceed 75,000 at any time outstanding shall be permitted 
 (s) Indebtedness of Foreign Subsidiaries in an aggregate principal amount, when aggregated with any outstanding Indebtedness incurred by Foreign Subsidiaries in reliance on Section 6.01(v), not in excess of the greater of (i) 40,000,000 and (ii) 25 of Applicable EBITDA 5,000,000 at any time outstanding provided that such Indebtedness (i) is not guaranteed by any Loan Party or Domestic Subsidiary and (ii) may only be secured by assets of Foreign Subsidiaries provided further that, notwithstanding the foregoing, the Foreign Subsidiaries shall not be permitted to incur any Indebtedness in reliance on this Section 6.01(s) during the Covenant Relief Period (excluding, for the avoidance of doubt, any Indebtedness set forth on the Amendment No. 3 Schedule that was incurred in reliance on this Section 6.01(s) and any extension, renewal or replacement thereof that does not increase the outstanding principal amount thereof (other than with respect to premiums, interest, fees, discounts and expenses)) 
 (t) Indebtedness of the Company or any Subsidiary constituting reimbursement obligations in respect of bank guarantees, letters of credit and other similar credit enhancements not issued pursuant to this Agreement up to an aggregate amount equal to 5,000,000 1,000,000 at any time outstanding 
 (u) unfunded pension fund and other employee benefit plan obligations and liabilities to the extent that they are permitted to remain unfunded under applicable law and 
 (v) other unsecured Indebtedness of the Company and its Subsidiaries provided that the aggregate principal amount of Indebtedness permitted by this clause (v) shall not exceed the greater of (i) 25,000,000 and (ii) 17.5 of Applicable EBITDA 15,000,000 at any time outstanding provided further that any Indebtedness of Foreign Subsidiaries incurred in reliance on this clause (v) shall be subject to the limitations set forth in Section 6.01(s) . provided further that, subject to the conditions and the aggregate caps set forth in the immediately preceding provisos, the aggregate outstanding principal amount of Indebtedness incurred in reliance on this Section 6.01(v) during the Covenant Relief Period shall not exceed 5,000,000 at any time and may not be incurred by any Foreign Subsidiary (excluding, for the avoidance of doubt, any Indebtedness set forth on the Amendment No. 3 Schedule that was incurred in reliance on this Section 6.01(v) and any extension, renewal or replacement thereof that does not increase the outstanding principal amount thereof (other than with respect to premiums, interest, fees, discounts and expenses)). 
 SECTION 16.02. Liens . The Company will not, and will not permit any Subsidiary to, create, incur, assume or permit to exist any Lien on any property or asset now owned or hereafter acquired by it, or assign or sell any income or revenues (including accounts receivable) or rights in respect of any thereof, except 
 (a) (i) Permitted Encumbrances and Liens created under any Loan Documents and (ii) cash collateral securing Letters of Credit pursuant to Section 2.06(c) 
 (b) any Lien on any property or asset of the Company or any Subsidiary existing on the date hereof and set forth in Schedule 6.02 provided that (i) such Lien shall not apply to any other property or asset of the Company or any Subsidiary and (ii) such Lien shall secure only those obligations which it secures on the date hereof and extensions, renewals and replacements thereof that do not, for purposes of this clause (b), increase the outstanding principal amount thereof 
 (c) any Lien existing on any property or asset prior to the acquisition thereof by the Company or any Subsidiary or existing on any property or asset of any Person that becomes a Subsidiary after the date hereof prior to the time such Person becomes a Subsidiary provided that (i) such Lien is not created in contemplation of or in connection with such acquisition or such Person becoming a Subsidiary, as the case may be, (ii) such Lien shall not apply to any other property or assets of the Company or any Subsidiary and (iii) such Lien shall secure only those obligations which it secures on the date of such acquisition or the date such Person becomes a Subsidiary, as the case may be and extensions, renewals and replacements thereof that do not, for purposes of this clause (c), increase the outstanding principal amount thereof 

(d) Liens on fixed or capital assets acquired, constructed or improved by the Company or any Subsidiary provided that (i) such security interests secure Indebtedness permitted by clause (e) of Section 6.01, (ii) such security interests and the Indebtedness secured thereby are incurred prior to or within ninety (90) days after such acquisition or the completion of such construction or improvement, (iii) the Indebtedness secured thereby does not exceed 90 (100 in the case of a Capital Lease Obligation) of the cost of acquiring, constructing or improving such fixed or capital assets and (iv) such security interests shall not apply to any other property or assets of the Company or any Subsidiary 
 (e) Liens (i) consisting of customary bankers Liens and rights of setoff created or incurred on deposits or with respect to deposit accounts in the ordinary course of business, (ii) relating to pooled deposit or sweep accounts of the Company or any Subsidiary to permit satisfaction of overdraft or similar obligations incurred in the ordinary course of business of the Company or such Subsidiary or (iii) relating to purchase orders and other agreements entered into with customers with respect to the sale of goods or delivery of services of the Company or any Subsidiary in the ordinary course of business 
 (f) Liens solely on any cash earnest money deposits made by the Company or any Subsidiary in connection with any letter of intent or purchase agreement relating to an investment or other transaction permitted under this Agreement 
 (g) any encumbrance or restriction with respect to the Equity Interests of any joint venture or similar arrangement pursuant to any joint venture or similar agreement to the extent permitted under Section 6.04 
 (h) the filing of UCC financing statements solely as a precautionary measure in connection with an operating lease, in each case, relating solely to the property that is the subject of such operating lease 
 (i) Liens (i) arising out of any consignments of goods belonging to third-parties to Borrowers as consignee or out of any consignments of goods belonging to Borrowers consignor to third-parties entered into by the Borrowers or any of their Subsidiaries in the ordinary course of business, or (ii) incurred by the Borrowers or their Subsidiaries arising under Section 2-505 of the UCC 
 (j) Liens applicable to the assets (not constituting Collateral) of any Foreign Subsidiary (excluding any Loan Party), in each case, so long as such Liens secure Indebtedness or other obligations otherwise permitted to be incurred pursuant to Section 6.01(s) provided that, notwithstanding the foregoing, no Foreign Subsidiary shall be permitted to encumber any assets in reliance on this Section 6.02(j) during the Covenant Relief Period (excluding, for the avoidance of doubt, any Liens on assets (not constituting Collateral) of any Foreign Subsidiary (excluding any Loan Party) incurred in reliance on this Section 6.02(j) and outstanding immediately prior to the Amendment No. 3 Effective Date and any extension, renewal or replacement of the Indebtedness or other obligations secured thereby as of the Amendment No. 3 Effective Date that does not increase the outstanding principal amount thereof (other than with respect to premiums, interest, fees, discounts and expenses)) 
 (k) Liens on Permitted Receivables Facility Assets arising under Permitted Receivables Facilities provided that, notwithstanding the foregoing, the Company and its Subsidiaries shall not be permitted to encumber any Permitted Receivables Facility Assets in reliance on this Section 6.02(k) during the Covenant Relief Period (excluding, for the avoidance of doubt, any Liens on Permitted Receivables Facility Assets arising under Permitted Receivables Facilities incurred in reliance on this Section 6.02(k) and outstanding immediately prior to the Amendment No. 3 Effective Date and any extension, renewal or replacement of the Indebtedness or other obligations secured thereby as of the Amendment No. 3 Effective Date that does not increase the outstanding principal amount thereof (other than with respect to premiums, interest, fees, discounts and expenses)) 
 (l) non-exclusive licenses, sublicenses or cross-licenses of intellectual property or other intellectual property rights, or other general intangibles in the ordinary course of business of the Company and its Subsidiaries and 
 (m) Liens on assets (not constituting Collateral) of the Company and its Subsidiaries not otherwise permitted above and securing Indebtedness and other obligations in an amount not exceeding 

the greater of (i) 15,000,000 and (ii) 10 of Applicable EBITDA to exceed 5,000,000 at any time outstanding and . 
 (n) Liens on cash collateral or other Permitted Investments securing letters of credit not issued pursuant to this Agreement up to an aggregate amount not to exceed 5,000,000 at any time outstanding. 
 Notwithstanding the foregoing, the aggregate outstanding principal amount of Indebtedness and other obligations secured by Liens incurred in reliance on any of Sections 6.02(c), 6.02(d), 6.02(f) and 6.02(m) during the Covenant Relief Period shall not exceed 5,000,000 in the aggregate at any time (excluding, for the avoidance of doubt, any Liens incurred in reliance on Section 6.02(c), 6.02(d), 6.02(f) or 6.02(m), as applicable, and in existence immediately prior to the Amendment No. 3 Effective Date and any extension, renewal or replacement of the Indebtedness or other obligations secured thereby as of the Amendment No. 3 Effective Date that does not increase the outstanding principal amount thereof (other than with respect to premiums, interest, fees, discounts and expenses)). 
 SECTION 16.03. Fundamental Changes and Asset Sales . (a) The Company will not, and will not permit any Subsidiary to, merge into or consolidate with any other Person, or permit any other Person to merge into or consolidate with it, or sell, transfer, lease or otherwise dispose of (in one transaction or in a series of transactions) any of its assets, (including pursuant to a Sale and Leaseback Transaction), or all or any of the Equity Interests of any of its Subsidiaries (in each case, whether now owned or hereafter acquired), or liquidate or dissolve, except that if at the time thereof and immediately after giving effect thereto no Default shall have occurred and be continuing 
 (i) any Person may merge into the Company in a transaction in which the Company is the surviving Person 
 (ii) any Subsidiary may merge into another Subsidiary provided that in the case of any merger involving a Loan Party such merger must result in a Loan Party as the surviving entity (and any such merger involving the Company must result in the Company as the surviving entity) 
 (iii) (A) any Loan Party and any Subsidiary may sell, transfer, lease or otherwise dispose of its assets to another Loan Party and (B) any Subsidiary that is not a Loan Party may sell, transfer, lease or otherwise dispose of its assets to any other Subsidiary or to any Loan Party 
 (iv) any Subsidiary may be dissolved or liquidated, provided that (A) such Subsidiary is not a Loan Party, (B) the assets of such dissolved or liquidated Subsidiary are transferred to a Loan Party or another Subsidiary, (C) if a Subsidiary ceases to be an Immaterial Subsidiary as a result of such transfer of assets, it will comply with the requirements of Section 5.09, (D) any such merger or consolidation involving a Person that is not a wholly-owned Subsidiary immediately prior to such merger or consolidation shall not be permitted unless it is also permitted by Section 6.04, (E) such dissolution or liquidation is not adverse to the interests of the Lenders (taken as a whole) and (F) in the case of the dissolution or liquidation of a Material Subsidiary, the Administrative Agent shall have received prior written notice thereof 
 (v) any Loan Party and any Subsidiary may dispose of delinquent notes or accounts receivable in the ordinary course of business for purposes of collection and not for the purpose of any bulk sale or securitization transaction 
 (vi) any Loan Party may make charitable donations in the ordinary course of business in accordance with past practice 
 (vii) the Company and its Subsidiaries may 
 (A) sell inventory in the ordinary course of business 

(B) effect sales, trade-ins or dispositions of used, obsolete, worn-out or surplus equipment for value in the ordinary course of business consistent with past practice 
 (C) dispose of (x) assets in connection with the leasing, subleasing or licensing of real or personal property (other than intellectual property) in the ordinary course of business and (y) non-exclusive licenses or sublicenses of patents, trademarks, copyrights, and other intellectual property rights in the ordinary course of business 
 (D) enter into Sale and Leaseback Transactions permitted by Section 6.09 
 (E) sell, transfer, lease or otherwise dispose of its assets to the extent constituting any Liens permitted under Section 6.02 or any investments permitted under Section 6.04 
 (F) use or transfer money or Permitted Investments in a manner that is not prohibited by the terms of this Agreement or the other Loan Documents 
 (G) abandon intellectual property that is, in the reasonable judgment of the Company, no longer economically practicable to maintain or useful in the conduct of the business of the Company and its Subsidiaries, taken as a whole 
 (H) dispose of interests in joint ventures as permitted under Section 6.04(f) and 
 (I) make any other sales, transfers, leases or dispositions of assets for fair market value so long as (x) there is no Covenant Relief Period in effect at such time and (y) the aggregate fair market value of all assets leased, sold, transferred or disposed of as permitted by this clause (I) during any fiscal year of the Company does not exceed the greater of (i) 10,000,000 and (ii) 7 of Applicable EBITDA 5,000,000 . 
 (b) The Company will not, and will not permit any of its Subsidiaries to, engage to any material extent in any business other than businesses of the type conducted by the Company and its Subsidiaries on the date of execution of this Agreement and businesses reasonably related thereto. 
 (c) The Company will not, and will not permit any of its Subsidiaries to, change the basis of its fiscal year from the basis in effect on the Effective Date. 
 (d) The Company will not, and will not permit Funko Holdings to, have any material liabilities (other than liabilities arising under the Loan Documents, liabilities imposed by law, including tax liabilities, obligations under any employment agreement, stock option plan or other benefit plan for management or employees of the Company and its Subsidiaries, and other liabilities (not including Indebtedness) incidental to its existence and permitted business and activities), engage in any operations or business (other than the ownership of its Subsidiaries), or own any material assets (other than the ownership of Equity Interests of its Subsidiaries and activities incidental thereto, including corporate maintenance activities (including the payment of expenses) associated with being a holding company for a consolidated group, cash and other investments permitted hereunder). 
 (e) Notwithstanding the foregoing, no Loan Party or any Subsidiary thereof shall consummate any transaction that results in the sale, transfer or disposition (whether by way of any Restricted Payment, investment, sale, conveyance, license, lease, transfer or other disposition, and whether in a single transaction or a series of transactions) of intellectual property that is material to the business of the Company and its Subsidiaries to any Excluded Subsidiary provided that the Company and the Subsidiaries may grant a non-exclusive license to any intellectual property to any Excluded Subsidiary in the ordinary course of business so long as the Company and the Subsidiaries retain the beneficial ownership and the same rights to use such intellectual property as held prior to such license . 

(f) For the avoidance of doubt, nothing in this Section 6.03 shall limit or restrict (a) the sale of any Convertible Debt by the Company or any direct or indirect parent of the Company, (b) the sale of any Permitted Warrant Transaction by the Company or any direct or indirect parent of the Company, (c) the purchase of any Permitted Bond Hedge Transaction or (d) the performance by the Company or any direct or indirect parent of the Company of its obligations under any Convertible Debt, any Permitted Warrant Transaction or any Permitted Bond Hedge Transaction. 
 SECTION 16.04. Investments, Loans, Advances, Guarantees and Acquisitions . The Company will not, and will not permit any of its Subsidiaries to, purchase, hold or acquire (including pursuant to any merger or consolidation with any Person that was not a wholly owned Subsidiary prior to such merger or consolidation) any capital stock, evidences of indebtedness or other securities (including any option, warrant or other right to acquire any of the foregoing) of, make or permit to exist any loans or advances to, Guarantee any obligations of, or make or permit to exist any investment or any other interest in, any other Person, or purchase or otherwise acquire (in one transaction or a series of transactions) any Person or any assets of any other Person constituting a business unit, except 
 (a) Permitted Investments 
 (b) (i) investments by the Company existing on the date hereof in the capital stock of its Subsidiaries, and (ii) other investments existing on the Effective Date as set forth on Schedule 6.04(b) hereto 
 (c) investments, capital contributions, loans, advances, Guarantees or book entries reflecting any of the foregoing (i) made by a Loan Party into another Loan Party (other than the Company), (ii) made by a non-Loan Party into another non-Loan Party, (iii) made by a non-Loan Party into a Loan Party (other than the Intercompany Loan Agreement), so long as the parties thereto are party to the Intercompany Subordination Agreement, (iv) constituting any intercompany trade receivables and payable between Loan Parties, a Loan Party and a non-Loan Party or non-Loan Parties and any intercompany loan resulting or in connection with cross-currency hedges or swaps, or (v) made by a Loan Party into a non-Loan Party so long as (A) (1) at the time of and immediately after giving effect (including giving effect on a pro forma basis) to such investment, capital contribution, loan, advance, Guarantee or book entry and any Indebtedness incurred or assumed in connection therewith, the Net Leverage Ratio (recomputed as of the last day of the most recently ended fiscal quarter of the Company for which financial statements have been delivered pursuant to Section 5.01(a) or (b) (or, if prior to the date of the delivery of the first financial statements to be delivered pursuant to Section 5.01(a) or (b), the most recent financial statements referred to in Section 3.04(a))) does not exceed 1.50 to 1.00 or (2) the aggregate outstanding amount of all such investments, capital contributions, loans, advances, Guarantees or book entries made by the Loan Parties in reliance on this clause (c)(v) following the Effective Date does not exceed the greater of 20,000,000 and 12.5 of Applicable EBITDA, and (B) no Default or Event of Default has occurred and is continuing either before or after giving effect thereto and (C) there is no Covenant Relief Period in effect at such time provided that, notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement, in the case of any such Guarantee provided by any Loan Party to support any Indebtedness or other obligations or liabilities of a non-Loan Party, (1) such Guarantee must be unsecured and (2) the full amount for which such Loan Party is potentially liable under such Guarantee shall be counted against the limitation set forth under clause (c)(v) above 
 (d) subject to Section 6.04(c), Guarantees constituting Indebtedness permitted by Section 6.01 
 (e) Permitted Acquisitions 
 (f) so long as there is no Covenant Relief Period in effect at such time, investments in joint ventures and acquisitions of Equity Interests that would constitute Permitted Acquisitions but for the fact that Persons in which such Equity Interests are acquired do not become wholly owned Subsidiaries of the Borrower provided that the sum of the aggregate amount of such investments, plus the aggregate consideration paid in all such acquisitions, made under this clause (f) after the Effective Date shall not exceed 50,000,000 25,000,000 at any time outstanding 

(g) accounts receivable and extensions of trade credit to and extended payment terms to customers in the ordinary course of business consistent with past practice 
 (h) investments in the form of promissory notes and other non-cash consideration received by the Company or any Subsidiary in connection with any disposition of assets to the extent permitted under Section 6.03 
 (i) the Funko UK Lease Guarantees 
 (j) investments consisting of prepaid rent or security deposits made by the Company and its Subsidiaries in the ordinary course of business 
 (k) investments received in connection with the bankruptcy or reorganization of, or settlement of delinquent accounts and disputes with, customers and suppliers, in each case in the ordinary course of business 
 (l) so long as there is no Covenant Relief Period in effect at such time, (i) loans or advances to directors and employees of the Company or any Subsidiary made in the ordinary course of business provided that the aggregate outstanding amount of such loans and advances at any time shall not exceed 1,000,000) and (ii) non-cash loans and advances made by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries to employees, officers and directors of any of the Company and its Subsidiaries, so long as the proceeds of such loans are used in their entirety to purchase such Equity Interests in the Company or any direct or indirect parent of the Company, the proceeds of which are contributed to the capital of Funko Holdings 
 (m) capital expenditures not otherwise prohibited under this Agreement 
 (n) Equity Interests of the Company acquired pursuant to a Restricted Payment permitted under Section 6.06 and held by the Company (provided that any such acquisition financed by the proceeds of Loans shall be made in compliance with applicable laws, rules and regulations, including Regulations T, U and X) 
 (o) Investments in the ordinary course of business consisting of Uniform Commercial Code Article 3 endorsements for collection or deposit and Uniform Commercial Code Article 4 customary trade arrangements with customers consistent with past practices 
 (p) (i) investments in the form of Swap Agreements permitted by Section 6.05 and (ii) any Permitted Bond Hedge Transaction or Permitted Warrant Transaction including any payments in connection therewith 
 (q) so long as there is no Covenant Relief Period in effect at such time, investments that are made in lieu of (but not in excess of the amount of) a Restricted Payment that is permitted to be made under Section 6.06(l) at the time of making such investment 
 (r) investments in negotiable instruments deposited or to be deposited for collection in the ordinary course of business 
 (s) advances made in connection with purchases of goods or services in the ordinary course of business 
 (t) so long as the incurrence of any related Attributable Receivables Indebtedness is permitted under Section 6.01(q) at such time, (i) contributions of Permitted Receivables Facility Assets and cash deemed received from proceeds of Permitted Receivables Facility Assets to any Receivables Entity to the extent required or made pursuant to Permitted Receivables Facility Documents or to the extent necessary to keep such Receivables Entity properly capitalized to avoid insolvency or consolidation with a Loan Party or any of the Subsidiaries and (ii) loans or advances made by the Company or any Receivables Seller to the Receivables Entity for the purchase prices of the Receivables and the Permitted Receivables Facility Assets and 

(u) any other investment, capital contribution, loan, advance, Guarantee or book entries reflecting any of the foregoing (other than acquisitions) in an aggregate amount not to exceed the greater of (i) 25,000,000 and (ii) 17.5 of Applicable EBITDA 10,000,000 during the term of this Agreement . provided that, if a Covenant Relief Period is in effect, any investment, capital contribution, loan, advance, Guarantee or book entry reflecting any of the foregoing made in reliance on this clause (u) may only be made in, to or for the benefit of a Loan Party. 
 For purposes of the definition of Unrestricted Subsidiary and the covenants described under this Section 6.04 (x) investments shall include the portion (proportionate to the Company s or the applicable Restricted Subsidiary s Equity Interest in such Subsidiary) of the fair market value of the net assets of a Subsidiary at the time that such Subsidiary is designated an Unrestricted Subsidiary provided , that upon a re-designation of such Subsidiary as a Restricted Subsidiary, the Company (or the applicable Restricted Subsidiary owning such re-designated Subsidiary) shall be deemed to continue to have a permanent investment in an Unrestricted Subsidiary in an amount (if positive) equal to (A) the Company s or such Restricted Subsidiary s investment in such Subsidiary at the time of such re-designation, less (B) the portion (proportionate to the Company s or the applicable Restricted Subsidiary s Equity Interest in such Subsidiary) of the fair market value of the net assets of such Subsidiary at the time of such re-designation and (y) any property transferred to or from an Unrestricted Subsidiary shall be valued at its fair market value at the time of such transfer. 
 SECTION 16.05. Swap Agreements . The Company will not, and will not permit any of its Subsidiaries to, enter into any Swap Agreement, except (a) Swap Agreements entered into to hedge or mitigate risks to which the Company or any Subsidiary has actual or anticipated exposure (other than those in respect of Equity Interests of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries), and (b) Swap Agreements entered into in order to effectively cap, collar or exchange interest rates (from fixed to floating rates, from one floating rate to another floating rate or otherwise) with respect to any interest-bearing liability or investment of the Company or any Subsidiary. 
 SECTION 16.06. Restricted Payments . The Company will not, and will not permit any of its Subsidiaries to, declare or make, or agree to pay or make, directly or indirectly, any Restricted Payment or pay any management fees or any other fees or expenses (including the reimbursement thereof by any Loan Party or any of its Subsidiaries) pursuant to any management, consulting or other services agreement to any of the shareholders or other equity holders of any Loan Party or any of its Subsidiaries or other Affiliates, or to any other Subsidiaries or Affiliates of any Loan Party, except 
 (a) the Company may declare and pay dividends with respect to its Equity Interests payable solely in additional shares of its common stock 
 (b) the Company and Funko Holdings may pay dividends in the form of Qualified Equity Interests, including dividends in the form of Equity Interests in the Public Holdco 
 (c) Subsidiaries may declare and pay dividends ratably with respect to their Equity Interests 
 (d) the Company may make Restricted Payments pursuant to and in accordance with stock option plans or other benefit plans for management or employees of the Company and its Subsidiaries 
 (e) other Restricted Payments of the Company to the extent (i) such Restricted Payments are financed solely with Designated Proceeds that remain in cash on the Company s balance sheet and (ii) at the time of making each such Restricted Payment and immediately after giving pro forma effect thereto and any Indebtedness incurred or assumed in connection therewith, (x) no Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing or would result therefrom and (y) the Company is in compliance with the financial covenants set forth in Section 6.10 
 (f) (i) the Loan Parties may make payments to or on behalf Funko Holdings or the Company in an amount sufficient to pay franchise taxes and other costs and expenses required to be paid to maintain the legal existence of Funko Holdings and the Company, solely to the extent such payments are actually applied to pay such franchise taxes, costs and expenses, (ii) the Loan Parties may make payments to or on behalf of Funko Holdings and the Company in an amount sufficient to pay out-of-pocket legal, 

accounting and filing costs and other expenses in the nature of overhead in the ordinary course of business of Funko Holdings and the Company, in the case of this subclause (f)(ii), in an aggregate amount not to exceed 1,000,000 during any fiscal year of the Company and (iii) the Loan Parties may make distributions (directly or indirectly) to or on behalf of the Company (including to direct or indirect equity holders of the Company) in amounts sufficient to enable the Company to make all tax distributions required pursuant to Section 4.01(b) of the Funko LLC Agreement (and the Company shall be permitted to make all such tax distributions) 
 (g) the Loan Parties may make payments to or on behalf of Funko Holdings, the Company and or Public Holdco, the purpose of which is to repurchase or retire Equity Interests of any Loan Party or any of its Subsidiaries or any direct or indirect parent of any Loan Party held by officers, directors, employees and members of any of the foregoing (or any spouse, former spouse, successor, executor, administrator, heir, legatee or distributee of any of the foregoing), in each case, so long as (i) such repurchase or retirement is pursuant to, and in accordance with the terms of, any management, director and or employee equity or stock option or benefit plans, stock subscription agreement, the organizational documents of any such party, or any agreement between any employee, officer or director of any Loan Party or any of its Subsidiaries or any director or indirect parent of any Loan Party and (ii) the aggregate amount of all payments and other Restricted Payments made in reliance on this clause (g) does not exceed 10,000,000 during any fiscal year of the Company (in each case, with unused amounts in any fiscal year being permitted to be carried over for the next two succeeding fiscal years of the Company) 
 (h) non-cash repurchases of any Equity Interests in the Company in exchange for the termination, reduction or forgiveness of loans and advances of funds used to purchase such Equity Interests in accordance with Section 6.04(l)(ii), and any further distributions to the Company of the Equity Interests that are acquired in such transaction and 
 (i) so long as no Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing or would result therefrom, the Loan Parties may make distributions to the Company (which may be distributed by the Company to Public Holdco) 
 (i) to provide funds that are used by Public Holdco to pay amounts required to be paid by Public Holdco under the Tax Receivable Agreement 
 (ii) to provide funds that are used to (x) pay Public Company Expenses, (y) reimburse expenses of Public Holdco to the extent required by the Funko LLC Agreement or the Registration Rights Agreement, and (z) make indemnification payments to the extent required by the Funko LLC Agreement and 
 (iii) that are used for (a) Cash Settlements or (b) Share Settlements , in each case, pursuant to the Funko LLC Agreement 
 (j) the Loan Parties may settle conversions of Convertible Indebtedness in common equity of the Company or any direct or indirect parent of the Company (or other Qualified Equity Interests of any Person following a merger event or other change of the capital stock of the Company or such direct or indirect parent of the Company) and cash in lieu of any fractional shares 
 (k) (i) any payments in connection with a Permitted Bond Hedge Transaction and (ii) the settlement of any Permitted Warrant Transaction (a) by delivery of shares of the common stock of the Company or any direct or indirect parent of the Company (or other Qualified Equity Interests of any Person following a merger event or other change of the capital stock of the Company or such direct or indirect parent of the Company) upon settlement thereof or (b) by (1) set-off against a Permitted Bond Hedge Transaction or (2) payment of an early termination amount thereof in common stock (or other Qualified Equity Interests of any Person following a merger event or other change of the capital stock of the Company or such direct or indirect parent of the Company) upon any early termination thereof and 
 (l) the Company may make other distributions of up to 25,000,000 in the aggregate during any period of four consecutive fiscal quarters of the Company so long as at the time of and immediately after giving pro forma effect to the payment of such distribution and the incurrence or assumption of any 

Indebtedness in connection therewith, (i) no Event of Default then exists or would result therefrom and (ii) the Net Leverage Ratio is not greater than a ratio that is 0.50 1.00 lower than the Net Leverage Ratio then permitted under Section 6.10 (without giving effect to any Acquisition Holiday) for the applicable fiscal quarter in which the payment of such distribution shall occur provided that any investment made in reliance on Section 6.04(q) during any period of four consecutive fiscal quarters of the Company shall reduce on a dollar-for-dollar basis the aggregate amount of Restricted Payments permitted to be made in reliance on this Section 6.06(l) during such period. 
 Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Company and its Subsidiaries shall not be permitted to make any Restricted Payment in reliance on this Section 6.06 during the Covenant Relief Period other than pursuant to any of Sections 6.06(a), 6.06(c) (solely to the extent such Restricted Payment is made to a Loan Party), 6.06(f), 6.06(h), 6.06(i)(i), 6.06(i)(ii) and 6.06(i)(iii)(b). 
 SECTION 16.07. Transactions with Affiliates . The Company will not, and will not permit any of its Subsidiaries to, sell, lease or otherwise transfer any property or assets to, or purchase, lease or otherwise acquire any property or assets from, or otherwise engage in any other transactions with, any of its Affiliates, except for (a) transactions in the ordinary course of business at prices and on terms and conditions not less favorable to the Company or a Subsidiary than could be obtained on an arm s-length basis from unrelated third parties, (b) transactions between or among Loan Parties, (c) transactions between or among Subsidiaries that are not Loan Parties, (d) sales of Qualified Equity Interests of the Company to Affiliates of the Company not otherwise prohibited by the Loan Documents and the granting of registration and other customary rights in connection therewith, (e) any transaction permitted under Section 6.01, 6.03, 6.04 or 6.06, (f) employment, indemnification, benefits and compensation arrangements (including arrangements made with respect to bonuses and equity-based awards) entered into in the ordinary course of business with members of the board of directors or management committee, officers and employees of the Company or a Subsidiary, (g) agreements entered into on or prior to the date hereof in connection with the initial public offering of stock of Public Holdco that were publicly filed in connection with such initial public offering and (h) transactions contemplated by any Permitted Receivables Facility Documents. For the avoidance of doubt, any Restricted Payment contemplated by Section 6.06(e) and transactions in connection therewith shall be permitted under this Section 6.07. 
 SECTION 16.08. Restrictive Agreements . The Company will not, and will not permit any of its Subsidiaries to, directly or indirectly, enter into, incur or permit to exist any agreement or other arrangement that prohibits, restricts or imposes any condition upon (a) the ability of the Company or any Subsidiary to create, incur or permit to exist any Lien in favor of the Administrative Agent upon any of its property or assets, or (b) the ability of any Subsidiary to pay dividends or other distributions with respect to holders of its Equity Interests or to make or repay loans or advances to the Company or any other Subsidiary or to Guarantee Indebtedness of the Company or any other Subsidiary provided that (i) the foregoing shall not apply to (A) restrictions and conditions imposed by law or by this Agreement or by the terms of any Permitted Unsecured Indebtedness, and (B) customary restrictions and conditions, including net worth, leverage and other financial covenants and customary covenants regarding business operations or encumbrances, on then-market terms (for the applicable Indebtedness) imposed under the terms of any other Indebtedness permitted under clauses (b), (e), (f), (i), (s) or (v) of Section 6.01, (ii) the foregoing shall not apply to restrictions and conditions existing on the date hereof identified on Schedule 6.08 (but shall apply to any extension or renewal of, or any amendment or modification expanding the scope of, any such restriction or condition) or existing at the time of any acquisition, (iii) the foregoing shall not apply to customary restrictions and conditions contained in agreements relating to a Permitted Receivables Facility or agreements with surety companies that waive or prohibit subrogation of claims and or prohibit parties to such agreements from collecting intercompany obligations until obligations to the applicable surety company have been paid or satisfied, in each case after a claim is made upon such surety company, (iv) the foregoing shall not apply to customary provisions in licenses, governmental permits, leases and other contracts restricting the assignment thereof, (v) the foregoing shall not apply to customary prohibitions or restrictions in joint venture agreements and similar agreements that relate solely to the activities of joint ventures permitted under Section 6.04, (vi) clause (a) of the foregoing shall not apply to restrictions or conditions imposed by any agreement relating to secured Indebtedness permitted by this Agreement if such restrictions or conditions apply only to the property or assets securing such Indebtedness, (vii) clause (a) of the foregoing shall not apply to customary provisions in leases and other contracts restricting the assignment thereof, and (viii) the foregoing shall not apply to customary 

restrictions and conditions (x) contained in any agreement relating to the disposition of any property permitted by Section 6.03 pending the consummation of such disposition if such restrictions and conditions apply only to the property or assets subject to such disposition and (y) contained in Permitted Receivables Facility Documents. 
 SECTION 16.09. Sale and Leasebacks. 
 The Company shall not, nor shall it permit any Subsidiary to, enter into any Sale and Leaseback Transaction in respect of real property except that , so long as there is no Covenant Relief Period in effect at such time, the Company and any Subsidiary may become and remain liable as lessee, guarantor or other surety with respect to any lease under a Sale and Leaseback Transaction if and to the extent that the Company or any Subsidiary would be permitted to enter into, and remain liable under, such lease to the extent that the transaction would be permitted under Section 6.01. 
 SECTION 16.10. Financial Covenants . 
 (a) Maximum Net Leverage Ratio. The Company will not permit the Net Leverage Ratio , determined as of the end of each of its fiscal quarters , to be greater than the maximum Net Leverage Ratio set forth below opposite each such fiscal quarter of the Company 
 Fiscal Quarter Ending Maximum Net Leverage Ratio December 31, 2022 2.50 to 1.00 March 31, 2023 3.70 to 1.00 
 June 30, 2023 6.20 to 1.00 September 30, 2023 4.25 to 1.00 December 31, 2023 2.50 to 1.00 
 March 31, 2024 and the last day of each fiscal quarter of the Company ending thereafter 
 2.50 to 1.00 
 
 (a) Maximum Net Leverage Ratio . The Company will not permit the Net Leverage Ratio determined as of the end of each of its fiscal quarters to be greater than 2.50 to 1.00 provided , that the Company may, in connection with a Material Acquisition consummated after the expiration of the Covenant Relief Period , so long as no Event of Default shall be continuing and upon written notice by the Company to the Administrative Agent, elect to increase the maximum Net Leverage Ratio permitted under this Section 6.10(a) to 2.75 to 1.00 for a period of up to four consecutive fiscal quarters commencing with the fiscal quarter in which such Material Acquisition occurs (any such election in respect of the maximum Net Leverage Ratio pursuant to this Section 6.10(a) being referred to as an Acquisition Holiday provided , further that (x) no Acquisition Holiday shall be available during the Covenant Relief Period or during the four (4) consecutive fiscal quarters occurring immediately after any Acquisition Holiday shall have concluded, (y) the Company may only exercise an Acquisition Holiday twice during the term of this Agreement and (z) for the avoidance of doubt, immediately after any Acquisition Holiday period referred to above, the Net Leverage Ratio shall revert to the levels required in this Section 6.10(a) had the Acquisition Holiday not occurred. 

(b) Minimum Fixed Charge Coverage Ratio . The Company will not permit the Fixed Charge Coverage Ratio , determined as of the end of each of its fiscal quarters , to be less than 1.25 to 1.00. the minimum Fixed Charge Coverage Ratio set forth below opposite each such fiscal quarter of the Company 
 Fiscal Quarter Ending Minimum Fixed Charge Coverage Ratio 
 December 31, 2022 1.25 to 1.00 
 March 31, 2023 0.30 to 1.00 
 June 30, 2023 0.125 to 1.00 
 September 30, 2023 0.50 to 1.00 
 December 31, 2023 1.25 to 1.00 
 March 31, 2024 and the last day of each fiscal quarter of the Company ending thereafter 
 1.25 to 1.00 

(c) Minimum Qualified Cash. The Company will not permit the aggregate amount of Qualified Cash of the Loan Parties to be less than 10,000,000 at any time on or after the Amendment No. 3 Effective Date. 
 SECTION 16.11. Payments of Indebtedness Modifications of Indebtedness, Organizational Documents and Certain Other Agreements Etc . 
 (a) The Company will not, and will not permit any of its Subsidiaries to, make any prepayments or payments of Indebtedness for borrowed money (other than with respect to the Obligations and the Intercompany Loan) in excess of 10,000,000 in the aggregate during any fiscal year of the Company if (i) an Event of Default has occurred and is in existence or would result therefrom or (ii) the Net Leverage Ratio as of any quarter end for which financial statements have been delivered to the Administrative Agent in accordance with Section 5.01, calculated on trailing twelve month basis, for such year is in excess of 2.00 to 1.00 provided that, notwithstanding the foregoing, no prepayment or payment of any Indebtedness for borrowed money (other than with respect to the Obligations) may be made during the Covenant Relief Period . 
 (b) The Company will not, and will not permit any Loan Party to 
 (i) amend, modify or otherwise change (or permit the amendment, modification or other change in any manner of) any of the provisions of any Indebtedness of a Loan Party or of any instrument or agreement (including, without limitation, any purchase agreement, indenture, loan agreement or security agreement) relating to any such Indebtedness if such amendment, modification or change would (A) shorten the final maturity or Weighted Average Life to Maturity of, or require any payment to be made earlier than the date originally scheduled on, such Indebtedness if such modification would result in the Indebtedness becoming due and payable prior to the Obligations hereunder, (B) change the subordination provision, if any, of such Indebtedness in a manner adverse to the Lenders, or (C) otherwise be on terms and conditions that, taken as a whole, are adverse to the Lenders in any material respect (for the 

avoidance of doubt, increases in the outstanding principal balance of the Intercompany Loan pursuant to the terms thereof are not deemed adverse to the Lenders) 
 (ii) (A) subject to Section 6.11(a), and except for (v) the Intercompany Loan , (so long as there is no Covenant Relief Period then in effect at such time), (w) intercompany loans permitted under Section 6.04(c) (so long as there is no Covenant Relief Period then in effect at such time) , (x) the Obligations, (y) the termination of Capital Leases in respect of assets no longer used in the business of any Loan Party and (z) Indebtedness of any Subsidiary that is not a Loan Party (so long as there is no Covenant Relief Period then in effect at such time) , make any voluntary or optional payment (including, without limitation, any payment of interest in cash that, at the option of the issuer, may be paid in cash or in kind), prepayment, redemption, defeasance, sinking fund payment or other acquisition for value of any Indebtedness for borrowed money of any Loan Party (including, without limitation, by way of depositing money or securities with the trustee therefor before the date required for the purpose of paying any portion of such Indebtedness when due), or refund, refinance, replace or exchange any other Indebtedness for any such Indebtedness (except to the extent the incurrence of such Indebtedness is otherwise permitted under Section 6.01), or (B) subject to Section 6.11(a), make any payment, prepayment, redemption, defeasance, sinking fund payment or repurchase of any Subordinated Indebtedness if (x) a Covenant Relief Period is then in effect or (y) such payment, prepayment, redemption, defeasance, sinking fund payment or repurchase is made in violation of the subordination provisions thereof or any subordination agreement with respect thereto 
 (iii) amend, modify or otherwise change its name, jurisdiction of organization, organizational identification number, except that a Loan Party may (A) change its name, jurisdiction of organization, organizational identification number in connection with a transaction permitted by Section 6.03 and (B) change its name, jurisdiction of organization or organizational identification number provided that the Company must notify the Administrative Agent in writing within 30 days (or such longer period as may be approved by the Administrative Agent in its sole discretion) of such change provided , further , no Loan Party may amend or otherwise change its jurisdiction of organization to anywhere outside of the United States, any state thereof or the District of Columbia 
 (iv) amend, modify or otherwise change any of its organizational documents, including, without limitation, by the filing or modification of any certificate of designation, or any agreement or arrangement entered into by it, with respect to any of its Equity Interests (including any shareholders agreement), or enter into any new agreement with respect to any of its Equity Interests, except any such amendments, modifications or changes or any such new agreements or arrangements pursuant to this clause (iv) that either individually or in the aggregate, could not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect or 
 (v) agree to any amendment, modification or other change to or waiver of any of its rights under the Tax Receivable Agreement, the Funko LLC Agreement or any Material Contract, in each case, if such amendment, modification, change or waiver would be adverse, when taken as a whole, in any material respect to any Loan Party or any of its Subsidiaries or the Administrative Agent and the Lenders. 
 SECTION 16.12. Limitation on Issuance of Equity Interests . Except for (i) dispositions permitted by Section 6.03 and (ii) so long as there is no Covenant Relief Period in effect at such time, shares of common stock of the Company or any direct or indirect parent of the Company (or other Qualified Equity Interests of any Person following a merger event or other change of the capital stock of the Company or such direct or indirect parent of the Company) issuable pursuant to Convertible Indebtedness, Permitted Bond Hedge Transactions and Permitted Warrant Transactions, the Company will not, and will not permit any of its Subsidiaries to, issue or sell, any shares of its Equity Interests, any securities convertible into or exchangeable for its Equity Interests or any warrants provided that , so long as there is no Covenant Relief Period then in effect, (a) the Company may issue Qualified Equity Interests so long as no Change in Control would result therefrom and (b) any Subsidiary of the Company may issue Equity Interests to any Loan Party or any Subsidiary thereof provided , further that, for the avoidance of 

doubt, so long as there is no Covenant Relief Period then in effect, any issuance of Designated Qualified Stock shall be permitted by this Section 6.12. Notwithstanding the foregoing, this Section 6.12 shall not prohibit the Company (or any direct or indirect parent of the Company) from issuing during the Covenant Relief Period (x) any common stock or (y) any Qualified Equity Interests on terms and conditions reasonably acceptable to the Required Lenders. 
 ARTICLE XVII Events of Default 
 SECTION 17.01. Events of Default . If any of the following events Events of Default shall occur 
 (a) any Borrower shall fail to pay any principal of any Loan or any reimbursement obligation in respect of any LC Disbursement when and as the same shall become due and payable and in the Agreed Currency required hereunder, whether at the due date thereof or at a date fixed for prepayment thereof or otherwise 
 (b) any Borrower shall fail to pay any interest on any Loan or any fee or any other amount (other than an amount referred to in clause (a) of this Article) payable under this Agreement or any other Loan Document, when and as the same shall become due and payable and in the Agreed Currency required hereunder, and such failure shall continue unremedied for a period of three (3) Business Days 
 (c) any representation or warranty made or deemed made by or on behalf of any Borrower or any Subsidiary in this Agreement or any other Loan Document or any amendment or modification thereof or waiver thereunder, or in any report, certificate, financial statement or other document furnished pursuant to or in connection with this Agreement or any other Loan Document or any amendment or modification thereof or waiver thereunder, shall prove to have been incorrect in any material respect (or in any respect if qualified by Material Adverse Effect or other materiality qualifier) when made or deemed made 
 (d) (i) the Company or any other Loan Party shall fail to observe or perform any covenant, condition or agreement contained in Section 5.02(a), 5.03 (solely with respect to any Loan Party s existence), 5.08, 5.09, 5.10, 5.12 or 5.14, or in Article VI, or in Section 4.1.7 of the Security Agreement or (ii) Article X or any Loan Document shall for any reason not be or shall cease to be in full force and effect or is declared to be null and void, or the Company or any Subsidiary takes any action for the purpose of terminating, repudiating or rescinding any Loan Document or any of its obligations thereunder 
 (e) (i) the Company or any other Loan Party shall fail to observe or perform any covenant, condition or agreement contained in Section 5.01(i) or (j) and such failure shall continue unremedied for a period of three (3) days after the earlier of the date any Loan Party becomes aware thereof and receipt of notice thereof from the Administrative Agent to the Company (which notice will be given at the request of any Lender), (ii) the Company or any other Loan Party shall fail to observe or perform any covenant, condition or agreement contained in Section 5.01(a) or (b) and such failure shall continue unremedied for a period of five (5) days after the earlier of the date any Loan Party becomes aware thereof and receipt of notice thereof from the Administrative Agent to the Company (which notice will be given at the request of any Lender) or (iii) any Borrower or any Subsidiary Guarantor, as applicable, shall fail to observe or perform any covenant, condition or agreement contained in this Agreement (other than those specified in clause (a), (b) or , (d) , (e)(i) or (e)(ii) of this Article) or any other Loan Document, and such failure shall continue unremedied for a period of thirty (30) days after the earlier of the date any Loan Party becomes aware thereof and receipt of notice thereof from the Administrative Agent to the Company (which notice will be given at the request of any Lender) 
 (f) the Company or any Subsidiary shall fail to make any payment (whether of principal or interest and regardless of amount) in respect of any Material Indebtedness, when and as the same shall become due and payable, beyond the period of grace, if any but in no event beyond five (5) Business Days, provided in the instrument or document under which such Indebtedness was created provided that, 

the occurrence of a conversion, redemption, repurchase, exchange or settlement right of holders under Convertible Indebtedness, Permitted Bond Hedge Transactions or Permitted Warrant Transactions shall not cause a Default or an Event of Default under this clause (f) unless such conversion, redemption, repurchase, conversion, exchange or settlement results from an event of default (other than a delisting) thereunder 
 (g) any event or condition occurs that results in any Material Indebtedness becoming due prior to its scheduled maturity or that enables or permits (with or without the giving of notice, the lapse of time or both) the holder or holders of any Material Indebtedness or any trustee or agent on its or their behalf to cause any Material Indebtedness to become due, or to require the prepayment, repurchase, redemption or defeasance thereof, prior to its scheduled maturity provided that this clause (g) shall not apply to secured Indebtedness that becomes due as a result of the voluntary sale or transfer of the property or assets securing such Indebtedness 
 (h) an involuntary proceeding shall be commenced or an involuntary petition shall be filed seeking (i) liquidation, reorganization or other relief in respect of any Loan Party or any Material Subsidiary or its debts, or of a substantial part of its assets, under any Federal, state or foreign bankruptcy, insolvency, receivership or similar law now or hereafter in effect or (ii) the appointment of a receiver, trustee, custodian, sequestrator, conservator or similar official for any Loan Party or any Material Subsidiary or for a substantial part of its assets, and, in any such case, such proceeding or petition shall continue undismissed for sixty (60) days or an order or decree approving or ordering any of the foregoing shall be entered 
 (i) any Loan Party or any Material Subsidiary shall (i) voluntarily commence any proceeding or file any petition seeking liquidation, reorganization or other relief under any Federal, state or foreign bankruptcy, insolvency, receivership or similar law now or hereafter in effect, (ii) consent to the institution of, or fail to contest in a timely and appropriate manner, any proceeding or petition described in clause (h) of this Article, (iii) apply for or consent to the appointment of a receiver, trustee, custodian, sequestrator, conservator or similar official for any Loan Party or any Material Subsidiary or for a substantial part of its assets, (iv) file an answer admitting the material allegations of a petition filed against it in any such proceeding, (v) make a general assignment for the benefit of creditors or (vi) take any action for the purpose of effecting any of the foregoing 
 (j) any Loan Party or any Material Subsidiary shall become unable, admit in writing its inability or fail generally to pay its debts as they become due 
 (k) one or more judgments for the payment of money in an aggregate amount in excess of 15,000,000 shall be rendered against the Company, any Subsidiary or any combination thereof and the same shall remain unpaid or undischarged for a period of 30 consecutive days during which execution shall not be effectively stayed, or any action shall be legally taken by a judgment creditor to attach or levy upon any assets of the Company or any Subsidiary to enforce any such judgment provided , that any such amount shall be calculated after deducting from the sum so payable any amount of such judgment or order that is covered by a valid and binding policy of insurance in favor of the Company or such Subsidiary (but only if the applicable insurer shall have been advised of such judgment and of the intent of the Company or such Subsidiary to make a claim in respect of any amount payable by it in connection therewith and such insurer shall not have denied coverage) 
 (l) an ERISA Event shall have occurred that, when taken together with all other ERISA Events that have occurred, could reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect 
 (m) a Change in Control shall occur 
 (n) reserved 
 (o) any material provision of any Loan Document for any reason ceases to be valid, binding and enforceable in accordance with its terms (or the Company or any Subsidiary shall challenge the enforceability of any Loan Document or shall assert in writing, or engage in any action or inaction based 

on any such assertion, that any provision of any of the Loan Documents has ceased to be or otherwise is not valid, binding and enforceable in accordance with its terms) or 
 (p) any Collateral Document shall for any reason fail to create a valid and perfected first priority security interest in any portion of the Collateral purported to be covered thereby, except as permitted by the terms of any Loan Document 
 then, and in every such event (other than an event with respect to a Borrower described in clause (h) or (i) of this Article), and at any time thereafter during the continuance of such event, the Administrative Agent may, and at the request of the Required Lenders shall, by notice to the Company, take any or all of the following actions, at the same or different times (i) terminate the Commitments, and thereupon the Commitments shall terminate immediately, (ii) declare the Loans then outstanding to be due and payable in whole (or in part, in which case any principal not so declared to be due and payable may thereafter be declared to be due and payable), and thereupon the principal of the Loans so declared to be due and payable, together with accrued interest thereon and all fees and other Secured Obligations of the Borrowers accrued hereunder and under the other Loan Documents, shall become due and payable immediately, without presentment, demand, protest or other notice of any kind, all of which are hereby waived by the Borrowers, (iii) require that the Borrowers provide cash collateral as required in Section 2.06(j) and (iv) exercise on behalf of itself, the Lenders and the Issuing Banks all rights and remedies available to it, the Lenders and the Issuing Banks under the Loan Documents and applicable law or equity and in case of any event with respect to any Borrower described in clause (h) or (i) of this Article, the Commitments shall automatically terminate and the principal of the Loans then outstanding and cash collateral for the LC Exposure, together with accrued interest thereon and all fees and other Secured Obligations accrued hereunder and under the other Loan Documents (including any break funding payment), shall automatically become due and payable, and the obligation of the Borrowers to cash collateralize the LC Exposure as provided in clause (iii) above shall automatically become effective, in each case, without presentment, demand, protest or other notice of any kind, all of which are hereby waived by the Borrowers. 
 Upon the occurrence and during the continuance of an Event of Default, the Administrative Agent may, and at the request of the Required Lenders shall, exercise any rights and remedies provided to the Administrative Agent under the Loan Documents or at law or equity, including all remedies provided under the UCC. 
 SECTION 17.02. Application of Payments . Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, following the occurrence and during the continuance of an Event of Default, and notice thereof to the Administrative Agent by the Company or the Required Lenders 
 (a) all payments received on account of the Secured Obligations shall, subject to Section 2.24, be applied by the Administrative Agent as follows 
 first , to payment of that portion of the Secured Obligations constituting fees, indemnities, expenses and other amounts payable to the Administrative Agent (including fees and disbursements and other charges of counsel to the Administrative Agent payable under Section 9.03 and amounts pursuant to Section 2.12(c) payable to the Administrative Agent in its capacity as such) 
 second , to payment of that portion of the Secured Obligations constituting fees, expenses, indemnities and other amounts (other than principal, reimbursement obligations in respect of LC Disbursements, interest and Letter of Credit fees) payable to the Lenders and the Issuing Banks (including fees and disbursements and other charges of counsel to the Lenders and the Issuing Banks payable under Section 9.03) arising under the Loan Documents, ratably among them in proportion to the respective amounts described in this clause (ii) payable to them 
 third , to payment of that portion of the Secured Obligations constituting accrued and unpaid Letter of Credit fees and charges and interest on the Loans and unreimbursed LC Disbursements, ratably among the Lenders and the Issuing Banks in proportion to the respective amounts described in this clause (iii) payable to them 

fourth , (A) to payment of that portion of the Secured Obligations constituting unpaid principal of the Loans and unreimbursed LC Disbursements and any other amounts owing with respect to Banking Services Obligations and Swap Obligations and (B) to cash collateralize that portion of LC Exposure comprising the undrawn amount of Letters of Credit to the extent not otherwise cash collateralized by the Company pursuant to Section 2.06 or 2.24, ratably among the Lenders and the Issuing Banks in proportion to the respective amounts described in this clause (iv) payable to them provided that (x) any such amounts applied pursuant to subclause (B) above shall be paid to the Administrative Agent for the ratable account of the applicable Issuing Banks to cash collateralize Secured Obligations in respect of Letters of Credit, (y) subject to Section 2.06 or 2.24, amounts used to cash collateralize the aggregate amount of Letters of Credit pursuant to this clause (iv) shall be used to satisfy drawings under such Letters of Credit as they occur and (z) upon the expiration of any Letter of Credit (without any pending drawings), the pro rata share of cash collateral shall be distributed to the other Secured Obligations, if any, in the order set forth in this Section 7.02 
 fifth , to the payment in full of all other Secured Obligations, in each case ratably among the Administrative Agent, the Lenders and the Issuing Banks based upon the respective aggregate amounts of all such Secured Obligations owing to them in accordance with the respective amounts thereof then due and payable and 
 finally , the balance, if any, after all Secured Obligations have been indefeasibly paid in full, to the Company or as otherwise required by law and 
 (b) if any amount remains on deposit as cash collateral after all Letters of Credit have either been fully drawn or expired (without any pending drawings), such remaining amount shall be applied to the other Secured Obligations, if any, in the order set forth above. 
 ARTICLE XVIII The Administrative Agent 
 SECTION 18.01. Authorization and Action . (a) Each Lender and each Issuing Bank hereby irrevocably appoints the entity named as Administrative Agent in the heading of this Agreement and its successors and permitted assigns to serve as the administrative agent under the Loan Documents and each Lender and each Issuing Bank authorizes the Administrative Agent to take such actions as agent on its behalf and to exercise such powers under this Agreement and the other Loan Documents as are delegated to the Administrative Agent under such agreements and to exercise such powers as are reasonably incidental thereto. In addition, to the extent required under the laws of any jurisdiction other than within the United States, each Lender and each Issuing Bank hereby grants to the Administrative Agent any required powers of attorney to execute and enforce any Collateral Document governed by the laws of such jurisdiction on such Lender s or such Issuing Bank s behalf. Without limiting the foregoing, each Lender and each Issuing Bank hereby authorizes the Administrative Agent to execute and deliver, and to perform its obligations under, each of the Loan Documents to which the Administrative Agent is a party, and to exercise all rights, powers and remedies that the Administrative Agent may have under such Loan Documents. 
 (b) As to any matters not expressly provided for herein and in the other Loan Documents (including enforcement or collection), the Administrative Agent shall not be required to exercise any discretion or take any action, but shall be required to act or to refrain from acting (and shall be fully protected in so acting or refraining from acting) upon the written instructions of the Required Lenders (or such other number or percentage of the Lenders as shall be necessary, pursuant to the terms in the Loan Documents), and, unless and until revoked in writing, such instructions shall be binding upon each Lender and each Issuing Bank provided , however , that the Administrative Agent shall not be required to take any action that (i) the Administrative Agent in good faith believes exposes it to liability unless the Administrative Agent receives an indemnification and is exculpated in a manner satisfactory to it from the Lenders and the Issuing Banks with respect to such action or (ii) is contrary to this Agreement or any other Loan Document or applicable law, including any action that may be in violation of the automatic stay under any requirement of law relating to bankruptcy, insolvency or reorganization or relief of debtors 

or that may effect a forfeiture, modification or termination of property of a Defaulting Lender in violation of any requirement of law relating to bankruptcy, insolvency or reorganization or relief of debtors provided , further , that the Administrative Agent may seek clarification or direction from the Required Lenders prior to the exercise of any such instructed action and may refrain from acting until such clarification or direction has been provided. Except as expressly set forth in the Loan Documents, the Administrative Agent shall not have any duty to disclose, and shall not be liable for the failure to disclose, any information relating to the Company, any Subsidiary or any Affiliate of any of the foregoing that is communicated to or obtained by the Person serving as Administrative Agent or any of its Affiliates in any capacity. Nothing in this Agreement shall require the Administrative Agent to expend or risk its own funds or otherwise incur any financial liability in the performance of any of its duties hereunder or in the exercise of any of its rights or powers if it shall have reasonable grounds for believing that repayment of such funds or adequate indemnity against such risk or liability is not reasonably assured to it. 
 (c) In performing its functions and duties hereunder and under the other Loan Documents, the Administrative Agent is acting solely on behalf of the Lenders and the Issuing Banks (except in limited circumstances expressly provided for herein relating to the maintenance of the Register), and its duties are entirely mechanical and administrative in nature. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing 
 the Administrative Agent does not assume and shall not be deemed to have assumed any obligation or duty or any other relationship as the agent, fiduciary or trustee of or for any Lender, Issuing Bank or holder of any other obligation other than as expressly set forth herein and in the other Loan Documents, regardless of whether a Default or an Event of Default has occurred and is continuing (and it is understood and agreed that the use of the term agent (or any similar term) herein or in any other Loan Document with reference to the Administrative Agent is not intended to connote any fiduciary duty or other implied (or express) obligations arising under agency doctrine of any applicable law, and that such term is used as a matter of market custom and is intended to create or reflect only an administrative relationship between contracting parties) additionally, each Lender agrees that it will not assert any claim against the Administrative Agent based on an alleged breach of fiduciary duty by the Administrative Agent in connection with this Agreement and or the transactions contemplated hereby and 
 nothing in this Agreement or any Loan Document shall require the Administrative Agent to account to any Lender for any sum or the profit element of any sum received by the Administrative Agent for its own account. 
 (d) The Administrative Agent may perform any of its duties and exercise its rights and powers hereunder or under any other Loan Document by or through any one or more sub-agents appointed by the Administrative Agent. The Administrative Agent and any such sub-agent may perform any of their respective duties and exercise their respective rights and powers through their respective Related Parties. The exculpatory provisions of this Article shall apply to any such sub-agent and to the Related Parties of the Administrative Agent and any such sub-agent, and shall apply to their respective activities pursuant to this Agreement. The Administrative Agent shall not be responsible for the negligence or misconduct of any sub-agent except to the extent that a court of competent jurisdiction determines in a final and nonappealable judgment that the Administrative Agent acted with gross negligence, bad faith or willful misconduct in the selection of such sub-agent. 
 (e) None of any Syndication Agent, any Co-Documentation Agent or any Lead Arranger shall have obligations or duties whatsoever in such capacity under this Agreement or any other Loan Document and shall incur no liability hereunder or thereunder in such capacity, but all such persons shall have the benefit of the indemnities provided for hereunder. 
 (f) In case of the pendency of any proceeding with respect to any Loan Party under any Federal, state or foreign bankruptcy, insolvency, receivership or similar law now or hereafter in effect, the Administrative Agent (irrespective of whether the principal of any Loan or any reimbursement obligation shall then be due and payable as herein expressed or by declaration or otherwise and irrespective of whether the Administrative Agent shall have made any demand on the Company) shall be entitled and empowered (but not obligated) by intervention in such proceeding or otherwise 

to file and prove a claim for the whole amount of the principal and interest owing and unpaid in respect of the Loans, LC Disbursements and all other Obligations that are owing and unpaid and to file such other documents as may be necessary or advisable in order to have the claims of the Lenders, the Issuing Banks and the Administrative Agent (including any claim under Sections 2.12, 2.13, 2.15, 2.17 and 9.03) allowed in such judicial proceeding and 
 to collect and receive any monies or other property payable or deliverable on any such claims and to distribute the same 
 and any custodian, receiver, assignee, trustee, liquidator, sequestrator or other similar official in any such proceeding is hereby authorized by each Lender, each Issuing Bank and each other Secured Party to make such payments to the Administrative Agent and, in the event that the Administrative Agent shall consent to the making of such payments directly to the Lenders, the Issuing Banks or the other Secured Parties, to pay to the Administrative Agent any amount due to it, in its capacity as the Administrative Agent, under the Loan Documents (including under Section 9.03). Nothing contained herein shall be deemed to authorize the Administrative Agent to authorize or consent to or accept or adopt on behalf of any Lender or Issuing Bank any plan of reorganization, arrangement, adjustment or composition affecting the Obligations or the rights of any Lender or Issuing Bank or to authorize the Administrative Agent to vote in respect of the claim of any Lender or Issuing Bank in any such proceeding. 
 (g) The provisions of this Article are solely for the benefit of the Administrative Agent, the Lenders and the Issuing Banks, and, except solely to the extent of the Company s rights to consent pursuant to and subject to the conditions set forth in this Article and other than with respect to Section 8.03(c), none of the Company or any Subsidiary, or any of their respective Affiliates, shall have any rights as a third party beneficiary under any such provisions. Each Secured Party, whether or not a party hereto, will be deemed, by its acceptance of the benefits of the Collateral and of the Guarantees of the Secured Obligations provided under the Loan Documents, to have agreed to the provisions of this Article. 
 SECTION 18.02. Administrative Agent s Reliance, Limitation of Liability, Etc . (a) Neither the Administrative Agent nor any of its Related Parties shall be (i) liable for any action taken or omitted to be taken by such party, the Administrative Agent or any of its Related Parties under or in connection with this Agreement or the other Loan Documents (x) with the consent of or at the request of the Required Lenders (or such other number or percentage of the Lenders as shall be necessary, or as the Administrative Agent shall believe in good faith to be necessary, under the circumstances as provided in the Loan Documents) or (y) in the absence of its own gross negligence, bad faith or willful misconduct (such absence to be presumed unless otherwise determined by a court of competent jurisdiction by a final and non-appealable judgment) or (ii) responsible in any manner to any of the Lenders for any recitals, statements, representations or warranties made by any Loan Party or any officer thereof contained in this Agreement or any other Loan Document or in any certificate, report, statement or other document referred to or provided for in, or received by the Administrative Agent under or in connection with, this Agreement or any other Loan Document or for the value, validity, effectiveness, genuineness, enforceability or sufficiency of this Agreement or any other Loan Document (including, for the avoidance of doubt, in connection with the Administrative Agent s reliance on any Electronic Signature transmitted by telecopy, emailed pdf, or any other electronic means that reproduces an image of an actual executed signature page) or for any failure of any Loan Party to perform its obligations hereunder or thereunder. 
 (b) The Administrative Agent shall be deemed not to have knowledge of any (i) notice of any of the events or circumstances set forth or described in Section 5.02 unless and until written notice thereof stating that it is a notice under Section 5.02 (or words of like import) in respect of this Agreement and identifying the specific clause under said Section is given to the Administrative Agent by the Company, or (ii) notice of any Default or Event of Default unless and until written notice thereof (stating that it is a notice of Default or a notice of an Event of Default (or words of like import)) is given to the Administrative Agent by the Company, a Lender or an Issuing Bank. Further, the Administrative Agent shall not be responsible for or have any duty to ascertain or inquire into (i) any statement, warranty or representation made in or in connection with any Loan Document, (ii) the contents of any certificate, report or other document delivered thereunder or in connection therewith, (iii) the performance or observance of any of the covenants, agreements or other terms or conditions set forth in any Loan Document or the occurrence of any Default or Event of Default, (iv) the sufficiency, validity, 

enforceability, effectiveness or genuineness of any Loan Document or any other agreement, instrument or document, (v) the satisfaction of any condition set forth in Article IV or elsewhere in any Loan Document, other than to confirm receipt of items (which on their face purport to be such items) expressly required to be delivered to the Administrative Agent or satisfaction of any condition that expressly refers to the matters described therein being acceptable or satisfactory to the Administrative Agent, or (vi) the creation, perfection or priority of Liens on the Collateral. Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, the Administrative Agent shall not be liable for, or be responsible for any Liabilities, costs or expenses suffered by the Company, any Subsidiary, any Lender or any Issuing Bank as a result of, any determination of the Revolving Credit Exposure, any of the component amounts thereof or any portion thereof attributable to each Lender or Issuing Bank, or any Exchange Rate or calculation of any Dollar Amount. 
 (c) Without limiting the foregoing, the Administrative Agent (i) may treat the payee of any promissory note as its holder until such promissory note has been assigned in accordance with Section 9.04, (ii) may rely on the Register to the extent set forth in Section 9.04(b), (iii) may consult with legal counsel, independent public accountants and other experts selected by it, and shall not be liable for any action taken or omitted to be taken in good faith by it in accordance with the advice of such counsel, accountants or experts, (iv) makes no warranty or representation to any Lender or Issuing Bank and shall not be responsible to any Lender or Issuing Bank for any statements, warranties or representations made by or on behalf of any Loan Party in connection with this Agreement or any other Loan Document, (v) in determining compliance with any condition hereunder to the making of a Loan, or the issuance of a Letter of Credit, that by its terms must be fulfilled to the satisfaction of a Lender or an Issuing Bank, may presume that such condition is satisfactory to such Lender or Issuing Bank unless the Administrative Agent shall have received notice to the contrary from such Lender or Issuing Bank sufficiently in advance of the making of such Loan or the issuance of such Letter of Credit and (vi) shall be entitled to rely on, and shall incur no liability under or in respect of this Agreement or any other Loan Document by acting upon, any notice, consent, certificate or other instrument or writing (which writing may be a fax, any electronic message, Internet or intranet website posting or other distribution) or any statement made to it orally or by telephone and believed by it to be genuine and signed or sent or otherwise authenticated by the proper party or parties (whether or not such Person in fact meets the requirements set forth in the Loan Documents for being the maker thereof). 
 SECTION 18.03. Posting of Communications . (a) The Company agrees that the Administrative Agent may, but shall not be obligated to, make any Communications available to the Lenders and the Issuing Banks by posting the Communications on IntraLinks TM , DebtDomain, SyndTrak, ClearPar or any other Electronic System chosen by the Administrative Agent to be its electronic transmission system (the Approved Electronic Platform ). 
 (b) Although the Approved Electronic Platform and its primary web portal are secured with generally-applicable security procedures and policies implemented or modified by the Administrative Agent from time to time (including, as of the Effective Date, a user ID password authorization system) and the Approved Electronic Platform is secured through a per-deal authorization method whereby each user may access the Approved Electronic Platform only on a deal-by-deal basis, each of the Lenders, each of the Issuing Banks and the Company acknowledges and agrees that the distribution of material through an electronic medium is not necessarily secure, that the Administrative Agent is not responsible for approving or vetting the representatives or contacts of any Lender that are added to the Approved Electronic Platform, and that there may be confidentiality and other risks associated with such distribution. Each of the Lenders, each of the Issuing Banks and the Company hereby approves distribution of the Communications through the Approved Electronic Platform and understands and assumes the risks of such distribution. 
 (c) THE APPROVED ELECTRONIC PLATFORM AND THE COMMUNICATIONS ARE PROVIDED AS IS AND AS AVAILABLE . THE APPLICABLE PARTIES (AS DEFINED BELOW) DO NOT WARRANT THE ACCURACY OR COMPLETENESS OF THE COMMUNICATIONS, OR THE ADEQUACY OF THE APPROVED ELECTRONIC PLATFORM AND EXPRESSLY DISCLAIM LIABILITY FOR ERRORS OR OMISSIONS IN THE APPROVED ELECTRONIC PLATFORM AND THE COMMUNICATIONS. NO WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS, IMPLIED OR STATUTORY, INCLUDING ANY WARRANTY OF 

MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, NON-INFRINGEMENT OF THIRD PARTY RIGHTS OR FREEDOM FROM VIRUSES OR OTHER CODE DEFECTS, IS MADE BY THE APPLICABLE PARTIES IN CONNECTION WITH THE COMMUNICATIONS OR THE APPROVED ELECTRONIC PLATFORM. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE ADMINISTRATIVE AGENT, ANY LEAD ARRANGER, ANY CO-DOCUMENTATION AGENT, ANY SYNDICATION AGENT OR ANY OF THEIR RESPECTIVE RELATED PARTIES (COLLECTIVELY, APPLICABLE PARTIES HAVE ANY LIABILITY TO ANY LOAN PARTY, ANY LENDER, ANY ISSUING BANK OR ANY OTHER PERSON OR ENTITY FOR DAMAGES OF ANY KIND EXCEPT TO THE EXTENT THAT SUCH DAMAGES ARE DETERMINED BY A COURT OF COMPETENT JURISDICTION BY A FINAL AND NON-APPEALABLE JUDGMENT TO HAVE RESULTED FROM THE GROSS NEGLIGENCE, BAD FAITH OR WILLFUL MISCONDUCT OF, OR MATERIAL BREACH OF THE LOAN DOCUMENTS BY, SUCH APPLICABLE PARTIES PROVIDED, HOWEVER, THAT IN NO EVENT SHALL ANY APPLICABLE PARTY HAVE ANY LIABILITY TO ANY LOAN PARTY OR ANY OF THEIR RESPECTIVE SUBSIDIARIES, ANY LENDER, ANY ISSUING BANK OR ANY OTHER PERSON FOR INDIRECT, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL, CONSEQUENTIAL OR PUNITIVE DAMAGES (AS OPPOSED TO DIRECT OR ACTUAL DAMAGES) ARISING OUT OF ANY LOAN PARTY S OR THE ADMINISTRATIVE AGENT S TRANSMISSION OF COMMUNICATIONS THROUGH THE INTERNET OR THE APPROVED ELECTRONIC PLATFORM. 
 Communications means, collectively, any notice, demand, communication, information, document or other material provided by or on behalf of any Loan Party pursuant to any Loan Document or the transactions contemplated therein which is distributed by the Administrative Agent, any Lender or any Issuing Bank by means of electronic communications pursuant to this Section, including through an Approved Electronic Platform. 
 (d) Each Lender and each Issuing Bank agrees that notice to it (as provided in the next sentence) specifying that Communications have been posted to the Approved Electronic Platform shall constitute effective delivery of the Communications to such Lender for purposes of the Loan Documents. Each Lender and Issuing Bank agrees (i) to notify the Administrative Agent in writing (which could be in the form of electronic communication) from time to time of such Lender s or Issuing Bank s (as applicable) email address to which the foregoing notice may be sent by electronic transmission and (ii) that the foregoing notice may be sent to such email address. 
 (e) Each of the Lenders, each of the Issuing Banks and the Company agrees that the Administrative Agent may, but (except as may be required by applicable law) shall not be obligated to, store the Communications on the Approved Electronic Platform in accordance with the Administrative Agent s generally applicable document retention procedures and policies. 
 (f) Nothing herein shall prejudice the right of the Administrative Agent, any Lender or any Issuing Bank to give any notice or other communication pursuant to any Loan Document in any other manner specified in such Loan Document. 
 SECTION 18.04. The Administrative Agent Individually . With respect to its Commitment, Loans (including Swingline Loans), Letter of Credit Commitments and Letters of Credit, the Person serving as the Administrative Agent shall have and may exercise the same rights and powers hereunder and is subject to the same obligations and liabilities as and to the extent set forth herein for any other Lender or Issuing Bank, as the case may be. The terms Issuing Banks , Lenders , Required Lenders and any similar terms shall, unless the context clearly otherwise indicates, include the Administrative Agent in its individual capacity as a Lender, Issuing Bank or as one of the Required Lenders, as applicable. The Person serving as the Administrative Agent and its Affiliates may accept deposits from, lend money to, own securities of, act as the financial advisor or in any other advisory capacity for and generally engage in any kind of banking, trust or other business with, the Company, any Subsidiary or any Affiliate of any of the foregoing as if such Person was not acting as the Administrative Agent and without any duty to account therefor to the Lenders or the Issuing Banks. 
 SECTION 18.05. Successor Administrative Agent . (a) The Administrative Agent may resign at any time by giving 30 days prior written notice thereof to the Lenders, the Issuing Banks and the 

Company, whether or not a successor Administrative Agent has been appointed provided that, if at the time of such resignation there is a successor Administrative Agent satisfactory to each of the resigning Administrative Agent and the Company, each, in its sole discretion, then the resigning Administrative Agent, the incoming Administrative Agent and the Company may agree to waive or shorten the 30 day notice period. Upon any such resignation, (i) the Administrative Agent may appoint one of its Affiliates acting through an office in the United States as a successor Administrative Agent and (ii) if the Administrative Agent has not appointed one of its Affiliates acting through an office in the United States as a successor Administrative Agent pursuant to clause (i) above, the Required Lenders shall have the right, with the approval of the Company (such approval not to be unreasonably withheld or delayed), to appoint a successor Administrative Agent provided that no consent of the Company shall be required if an Event of Default has occurred and is continuing. If no successor Administrative Agent shall have been so appointed by the Required Lenders, and shall have accepted such appointment, within 30 days after the retiring Administrative Agent s giving of notice of resignation, then the retiring Administrative Agent may, on behalf of the Lenders and the Issuing Banks, appoint a successor Administrative Agent, which shall be a bank with an office in New York, New York or an Affiliate of any such bank. In either case, (other than if the Administrative Agent appoints one of its Affiliates acting through an office in the United States as a successor Administrative Agent pursuant to clause (i) above) such appointment shall be subject to the prior written approval of the Company (which approval may not be unreasonably withheld and shall not be required while an Event of Default has occurred and is continuing). Upon the acceptance of any appointment as Administrative Agent by a successor Administrative Agent, such successor Administrative Agent shall succeed to, and become vested with, all the rights, powers, privileges and duties of the retiring Administrative Agent. Upon the acceptance of appointment as Administrative Agent by a successor Administrative Agent, the retiring Administrative Agent shall be discharged from its duties and obligations under this Agreement and the other Loan Documents. Prior to any retiring Administrative Agent s resignation hereunder as Administrative Agent, the retiring Administrative Agent shall take such action as may be reasonably necessary to assign to the successor Administrative Agent its rights as Administrative Agent under the Loan Documents. 
 (b) Notwithstanding paragraph (a) of this Section, in the event no successor Administrative Agent shall have been so appointed and shall have accepted such appointment within 30 days after the retiring Administrative Agent gives notice of its intent to resign, the retiring Administrative Agent may give notice of the effectiveness of its resignation to the Lenders, the Issuing Banks and the Company, whereupon, on the date of effectiveness of such resignation stated in such notice, (i) the retiring Administrative Agent shall be discharged from its duties and obligations hereunder and under the other Loan Documents provided that, solely for purposes of maintaining any security interest granted to the Administrative Agent under any Collateral Document for the benefit of the Secured Parties, the retiring Administrative Agent shall continue to be vested with such security interest as collateral agent for the benefit of the Secured Parties, and continue to be entitled to the rights set forth in such Collateral Document and Loan Document, and, in the case of any Collateral in the possession of the Administrative Agent, shall continue to hold such Collateral, in each case until such time as a successor Administrative Agent is appointed and accepts such appointment in accordance with this Section (it being understood and agreed that the retiring Administrative Agent shall have no duty or obligation to take any further action under any Collateral Document, including any action required to maintain the perfection of any such security interest), and (ii) the Required Lenders shall succeed to and become vested with all the rights, powers, privileges and duties of the retiring Administrative Agent provided that (A) all payments required to be made hereunder or under any other Loan Document to the Administrative Agent for the account of any Person other than the Administrative Agent shall be made directly to such Person and (B) all notices and other communications required or contemplated to be given or made to the Administrative Agent shall directly be given or made to each Lender and each Issuing Bank. Following the effectiveness of the Administrative Agent s resignation from its capacity as such, the provisions of this Article and Section 9.03, as well as any exculpatory, reimbursement and indemnification provisions set forth in any other Loan Document, shall continue in effect for the benefit of such retiring Administrative Agent, its sub-agents and their respective Related Parties in respect of any actions taken or omitted to be taken by any of them while the retiring Administrative Agent was acting as Administrative Agent and in respect of the matters referred to in the proviso under clause (i) above. 
 SECTION 18.06. Acknowledgments of Lenders and Issuing Banks . (a) Each Lender and each Issuing Bank represents and warrants that (i) the Loan Documents set forth the terms of a commercial 

lending facility, (ii) it is engaged in making, acquiring or holding commercial loans and in providing other facilities set forth herein as may be applicable to such Lender or Issuing Bank, in each case in the ordinary course of business and not for the purpose of purchasing, acquiring or holding any other type of financial instrument (and each Lender and each Issuing Bank agrees not to assert a claim in contravention of the foregoing), (iii) it has, independently and without reliance upon the Administrative Agent, any Lead Arranger, any Syndication Agent, any Co-Documentation Agent or any other Lender or Issuing Bank, or any of the Related Parties of any of the foregoing, and based on such documents and information as it has deemed appropriate, made its own credit analysis and decision to enter into this Agreement as a Lender, and to make, acquire or hold Loans hereunder and (iv) it is sophisticated with respect to decisions to make, acquire and or hold commercial loans and to provide other facilities set forth herein, as may be applicable to such Lender or such Issuing Bank, and either it, or the Person exercising discretion in making its decision to make, acquire and or hold such commercial loans or to provide such other facilities, is experienced in making, acquiring or holding such commercial loans or providing such other facilities. Each Lender and each Issuing Bank also acknowledges that it will, independently and without reliance upon the Administrative Agent, any Lead Arranger any Syndication Agent, any Co-Documentation Agent or any other Lender or Issuing Bank, or any of the Related Parties of any of the foregoing, and based on such documents and information (which may contain material, non-public information within the meaning of the United States securities laws concerning the Company and its Affiliates) as it shall from time to time deem appropriate, continue to make its own decisions in taking or not taking action under or based upon this Agreement, any other Loan Document or any related agreement or any document furnished hereunder or thereunder. 
 (b) Each Lender, by delivering its signature page to this Agreement on the Effective Date, or delivering its signature page to an Assignment and Assumption or any other Loan Document pursuant to which it shall become a Lender hereunder, shall be deemed to have acknowledged receipt of, and consented to and approved, each Loan Document and each other document required to be delivered to, or be approved by or satisfactory to, the Administrative Agent or the Lenders on the Effective Date. 
 (c) (i) Each Lender hereby agrees that (x) if the Administrative Agent notifies such Lender that the Administrative Agent has determined in its sole discretion that any funds received by such Lender from the Administrative Agent or any of its Affiliates (whether as a payment, prepayment or repayment of principal, interest, fees or otherwise individually and collectively, a Payment were erroneously transmitted to such Lender (whether or not known to such Lender), and demands the return of such Payment (or a portion thereof), such Lender shall promptly, but in no event later than one Business Day thereafter, return to the Administrative Agent the amount of any such Payment (or portion thereof) as to which such a demand was made in same day funds, together with interest thereon in respect of each day from and including the date such Payment (or portion thereof) was received by such Lender to the date such amount is repaid to the Administrative Agent at the greater of the NYFRB Rate and a rate determined by the Administrative Agent in accordance with banking industry rules on interbank compensation from time to time in effect, and (y) to the extent permitted by applicable law, such Lender shall not assert, and hereby waives, as to the Administrative Agent, any claim, counterclaim, defense or right of set-off or recoupment with respect to any demand, claim or counterclaim by the Administrative Agent for the return of any Payments received, including without limitation any defense based on discharge for value or any similar doctrine. A notice of the Administrative Agent to any Lender under this Section 8.06(c) shall be conclusive, absent manifest error. 
 (ii) Each Lender hereby further agrees that if it receives a Payment from the Administrative Agent or any of its Affiliates (x) that is in a different amount than, or on a different date from, that specified in a notice of payment sent by the Administrative Agent (or any of its Affiliates) with respect to such Payment (a Payment Notice or (y) that was not preceded or accompanied by a Payment Notice, it shall be on notice, in each such case, that an error has been made with respect to such Payment. Each Lender agrees that, in each such case, or if it otherwise becomes aware a Payment (or portion thereof) may have been sent in error, such Lender shall promptly notify the Administrative Agent of such occurrence and, upon demand from the Administrative Agent, it shall promptly, but in no event later than one Business Day thereafter, return to the Administrative Agent the amount of any such Payment (or portion thereof) as to which such a demand was made in same day funds, together with interest thereon in respect of each day from and including the date such Payment (or portion 

thereof) was received by such Lender to the date such amount is repaid to the Administrative Agent at the greater of the NYFRB Rate and a rate determined by the Administrative Agent in accordance with banking industry rules on interbank compensation from time to time in effect. 
 (iii) Each Borrower and each other Loan Party hereby agrees that (x) in the event an erroneous Payment (or portion thereof) are not recovered from any Lender that has received such Payment (or portion thereof) for any reason, the Administrative Agent shall be subrogated to all the rights of such Lender with respect to such amount and (y) an erroneous Payment shall not pay, prepay, repay, discharge or otherwise satisfy any Obligations owed by any Borrower or any other Loan Party unless, for the avoidance of doubt, such erroneous Payment (or portion thereof) that is not recovered from such Lender is, and solely with respect to the amount of such erroneous Payment that is, comprised of funds received by the Administrative Agent from the Borrower for the purpose of paying Obligations. 
 (iv) Each party s obligations under this Section 8.06(c) shall survive the resignation or replacement of the Administrative Agent or any transfer of rights or obligations by, or the replacement of, a Lender, the termination of the Commitments or the repayment, satisfaction or discharge of all Secured Obligations under any Loan Document. 
 SECTION 18.07. Collateral Matters . (a) Except with respect to the exercise of setoff rights in accordance with Section 9.08 or with respect to a Secured Party s right to file a proof of claim in an insolvency proceeding, no Secured Party shall have any right individually to realize upon any of the Collateral or to enforce any Guarantee of the Secured Obligations, it being understood and agreed that all powers, rights and remedies under the Loan Documents may be exercised solely by the Administrative Agent on behalf of the Secured Parties in accordance with the terms thereof. 
 (b) In furtherance of the foregoing and not in limitation thereof, no arrangements in respect of Banking Services the obligations under which constitute Secured Obligations and no Swap Agreement the obligations under which constitute Secured Obligations, will create (or be deemed to create) in favor of any Secured Party that is a party thereto any rights in connection with the management or release of any Collateral or of the obligations of any Loan Party under any Loan Document. By accepting the benefits of the Collateral, each Secured Party that is a party to any Banking Services Agreement or Swap Agreement in respect of Swap Obligations, as applicable, shall be deemed to have appointed the Administrative Agent to serve as administrative agent and collateral agent under the Loan Documents and agreed to be bound by the Loan Documents as a Secured Party thereunder, subject to the limitations set forth in this paragraph. 
 (c) The Secured Parties irrevocably authorize the Administrative Agent, at its option and in its discretion, to subordinate any Lien on any property granted to or held by the Administrative Agent under any Loan Document to the holder of any Lien on such property that is permitted by Section 6.02. The Administrative Agent shall not be responsible for or have a duty to ascertain or inquire into any representation or warranty regarding the existence, value or collectability of the Collateral, the existence, priority or perfection of the Administrative Agent s Lien thereon or any certificate prepared by any Loan Party in connection therewith, nor shall the Administrative Agent be responsible or liable to the Lenders or any other Secured Party for any failure to monitor or maintain any portion of the Collateral. 
 SECTION 18.08. Credit Bidding . The Secured Parties hereby irrevocably authorize the Administrative Agent, at the direction of the Required Lenders, to credit bid all or any portion of the Obligations (including by accepting some or all of the Collateral in satisfaction of some or all of the Obligations pursuant to a deed in lieu of foreclosure or otherwise) and in such manner purchase (either directly or through one or more acquisition vehicles) all or any portion of the Collateral (a) at any sale thereof conducted under the provisions of the Bankruptcy Code, including under Sections 363, 1123 or 1129 of the Bankruptcy Code, or any similar laws in any other jurisdictions to which a Loan Party is subject, or (b) at any other sale, foreclosure or acceptance of collateral in lieu of debt conducted by (or with the consent or at the direction of) the Administrative Agent (whether by judicial action or otherwise) in accordance with any applicable law. In connection with any such credit bid and purchase, the Obligations owed to the Secured Parties shall be entitled to be, and shall be, credit bid by the 

Administrative Agent at the direction of the Required Lenders on a ratable basis (with Obligations with respect to contingent or unliquidated claims receiving contingent interests in the acquired assets on a ratable basis that shall vest upon the liquidation of such claims in an amount proportional to the liquidated portion of the contingent claim amount used in allocating the contingent interests) for the asset or assets so purchased (or for the equity interests or debt instruments of the acquisition vehicle or vehicles that are issued in connection with such purchase). In connection with any such bid, (i) the Administrative Agent shall be authorized to form one or more acquisition vehicles and to assign any successful credit bid to such acquisition vehicle or vehicles, (ii) each of the Secured Parties ratable interests in the Obligations which were credit bid shall be deemed without any further action under this Agreement to be assigned to such vehicle or vehicles for the purpose of closing such sale, (iii) the Administrative Agent shall be authorized to adopt documents providing for the governance of the acquisition vehicle or vehicles (provided that any actions by the Administrative Agent with respect to such acquisition vehicle or vehicles, including any disposition of the assets or equity interests thereof, shall be governed, directly or indirectly, by, and the governing documents shall provide for, control by the vote of the Required Lenders or their permitted assignees under the terms of this Agreement or the governing documents of the applicable acquisition vehicle or vehicles, as the case may be, irrespective of the termination of this Agreement and without giving effect to the limitations on actions by the Required Lenders contained in Section 9.02 of this Agreement), (iv) the Administrative Agent on behalf of such acquisition vehicle or vehicles shall be authorized to issue to each of the Secured Parties, ratably on account of the relevant Obligations which were credit bid, interests, whether as equity, partnership interests, limited partnership interests or membership interests, in any such acquisition vehicle and or debt instruments issued by such acquisition vehicle, all without the need for any Secured Party or acquisition vehicle to take any further action, and (v) to the extent that Obligations that are assigned to an acquisition vehicle are not used to acquire Collateral for any reason (as a result of another bid being higher or better, because the amount of Obligations assigned to the acquisition vehicle exceeds the amount of Obligations credit bid by the acquisition vehicle or otherwise), such Obligations shall automatically be reassigned to the Secured Parties pro rata with their original interest in such Obligations and the equity interests and or debt instruments issued by any acquisition vehicle on account of such Obligations shall automatically be cancelled, without the need for any Secured Party or any acquisition vehicle to take any further action. Notwithstanding that the ratable portion of the Obligations of each Secured Party are deemed assigned to the acquisition vehicle or vehicles as set forth in clause (ii) above, each Secured Party shall execute such documents and provide such information regarding the Secured Party (and or any designee of the Secured Party which will receive interests in or debt instruments issued by such acquisition vehicle) as the Administrative Agent may reasonably request in connection with the formation of any acquisition vehicle, the formulation or submission of any credit bid or the consummation of the transactions contemplated by such credit bid. 
 SECTION 18.09. Reserved (a) . 
 SECTION 18.10. Flood Insurance Laws . JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. has adopted internal policies and procedures that address requirements placed on federally regulated lenders Flood Insurance Laws. JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as administrative agent or collateral agent on a syndicated facility, will post on the applicable electronic platform (or otherwise distribute to each Lender in the syndicate) documents that it receives in connection with the Flood Insurance Laws. However, JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. reminds each Lender and Participant in the facility that, pursuant to the Flood Insurance Laws, each federally regulated Lender (whether acting as a Lender or Participant in the facility) is responsible for assuring its own compliance with the flood insurance requirements. 
 ARTICLE XIX Miscellaneous 
 SECTION 19.01. Notices . (a) Except in the case of notices and other communications expressly permitted to be given by telephone (and subject to paragraph (b) below), all notices and other communications provided for herein shall be in writing and shall be delivered by hand or overnight courier service, mailed by certified or registered mail or sent by telecopy, as follows 

(i) if to any Borrower, to it c o Funko, LLC, 2802 Wetmore Avenue, Everett, WA 98201, Attention of Treasurer 
 (ii) if to the Administrative Agent, to (A) in the case of Borrowings denominated in Dollars, JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., 10 South Dearborn Street, Chicago, IL 60603, Attention of Lacey Watkins (Telecopy No. 312-732-6344 Email jpm.agency.cri jpmorgan.com), (B) in the case of Borrowings denominated in Agreed Currencies other than Dollars, J.P. Morgan Europe Limited, 25 Bank Street, Canary Wharf, London E14 5JP, Attention of The Manager, Loan & Agency Services (Telecopy No. 011-44-207-777-2360), and (C) in the case of a notification of the DQ List, to JPMDQ_Contact jpmorgan 
 (iii) if to the Issuing Bank, to it at JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., 10 South Dearborn Street, Chicago, IL 60603, Attention of Lacey Watkins (Telecopy No. 312-732-6344 Email cb.trade.execution.trade chase.com) 
 (iv) if to the Swingline Lender, to it at JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., 10 South Dearborn Street, Chicago, IL 60603, Attention of Lacey Watkins (Telecopy No. 312-732-6344 Email jpm.agency.cri jpmorgan.com) and 
 (v) if to any other Lender, to it at its address (or telecopy number) set forth in its Administrative Questionnaire. 
 Notices sent by hand or overnight courier service, or mailed by certified or registered mail, shall be deemed to have been given when received notices sent by facsimile shall be deemed to have been given when sent (except that, if not given during normal business hours for the recipient, shall be deemed to have been given at the opening of business on the next business day for the recipient). Notices delivered through Approved Electronic Platforms, to the extent provided in paragraph (b) below, shall be effective as provided in said paragraph (b). 
 (b) Notices and other communications to the Lenders and the Issuing Bank hereunder may be delivered or furnished by using Approved Electronic Platforms pursuant to procedures approved by the Administrative Agent provided that the foregoing shall not apply to notices pursuant to Article II unless otherwise agreed by the Administrative Agent and the applicable Lender. The Administrative Agent or the Company may, in its discretion, agree to accept notices and other communications to it hereunder by electronic communications pursuant to procedures approved by it provided that approval of such procedures may be limited to particular notices or communications. 
 (c) Unless the Administrative Agent otherwise prescribes, (i) notices and other communications sent to an e-mail address shall be deemed received upon the sender s receipt of an acknowledgement from the intended recipient (such as by the return receipt requested function, as available, return e-mail or other written acknowledgement), and (ii) notices or communications posted to an Internet or intranet website shall be deemed received upon the deemed receipt by the intended recipient, at its e-mail address as described in the foregoing clause (i), of notification that such notice or communication is available and identifying the website address therefor provided that, for both clauses (i) and (ii) above, if such notice, email or other communication is not sent during the normal business hours of the recipient, such notice or communication shall be deemed to have been sent at the opening of business on the next business day for the recipient. 
 (d) Any party hereto may change its address or telecopy number for notices and other communications hereunder by notice to the other parties hereto. 
 SECTION 19.02. Waivers Amendments . 
 (a) No failure or delay by the Administrative Agent, the Issuing Bank or any Lender in exercising any right or power hereunder or under any other Loan Document shall operate as a waiver thereof, nor shall any single or partial exercise of any such right or power, or any abandonment or discontinuance of steps to enforce such a right or power, preclude any other or further exercise thereof or 

the exercise of any other right or power. The rights and remedies of the Administrative Agent, the Issuing Bank and the Lenders hereunder and under the other Loan Documents are cumulative and are not exclusive of any rights or remedies that they would otherwise have. No waiver of any provision of this Agreement or consent to any departure by any Borrower therefrom shall in any event be effective unless the same shall be permitted by paragraph (b) of this Section, and then such waiver or consent shall be effective only in the specific instance and for the purpose for which given. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, the making of a Loan or issuance of a Letter of Credit shall not be construed as a waiver of any Default, regardless of whether the Administrative Agent, any Lender or the Issuing Bank may have had notice or knowledge of such Default at the time. 
 (b) Except as provided in Section 2.20 with respect to an Incremental Term Loan Amendment or pursuant to any fee letter entered into by the Company in connection with this Agreement and subject to Section 2.14(b), (d) and (f) and clauses (c) and (f) below, neither this Agreement nor any provision hereof may be waived, amended or modified except pursuant to an agreement or agreements in writing entered into by the Borrowers and the Required Lenders or by the Borrowers and the Administrative Agent with the consent of the Required Lenders provided that no such agreement shall (i) increase the Commitment of any Lender (including any such Lender that is a Defaulting Lender) without the written consent of such Lender, (ii) reduce or forgive the principal amount of any Loan or LC Disbursement or reduce the rate of interest thereon, or reduce or forgive any interest or fees payable hereunder, without the written consent of each Lender (including any such Lender that is a Defaulting Lender) directly affected thereby (except that any amendment or modification of the financial covenants in this Agreement (or defined terms used in the financial covenants in this Agreement) shall not constitute a reduction in the rate of interest or fees for purposes of this clause (ii)), (iii) postpone the scheduled date of payment of the principal amount of any Loan or LC Disbursement, or any interest thereon, or any fees or other Obligations payable hereunder, or reduce the amount of, waive or excuse any such payment, or postpone the scheduled date of expiration of any Commitment, without the written consent of each Lender (including any such Lender that is a Defaulting Lender) directly affected thereby (other than any reduction of the amount of, or any extension of the payment date for, the mandatory prepayments required under Section 2.11, in each case which shall only require the approval of the Required Lenders), (iv) change Section 2.09(c) or Section 2.18(b) or (d) in a manner that would alter the ratable reduction of Commitments or the pro rata sharing of payments required thereby, without the written consent of each Lender, (v) change the payment waterfall provisions of Section 2.24(b) or 7.02 without the written consent of each Lender, (vi) change any of the provisions of this Section or the definition of Required Lenders or any other provision hereof specifying the number or percentage of Lenders required to waive, amend or modify any rights hereunder or make any determination or grant any consent hereunder, without the written consent of each Lender (it being understood that, solely with the consent of the parties prescribed by Section 2.20 to be parties to an Incremental Term Loan Amendment, Incremental Term Loans may be included in the determination of Required Lenders on substantially the same basis as the Commitments and the Revolving Loans and Term Loans are included on the Effective Date) or (vii) release any Borrower from its obligations under Article X or all or substantially all of the Subsidiary Guarantors from their obligations under Article X or the Subsidiary Guaranty, in each case, without the written consent of each Lender (viii) except as expressly permitted herein (including pursuant to Section 8.07(c) and 9.02(d)) or in any other Loan Document, subordinate the Obligations hereunder or the Liens granted in favor of the Administrative Agent under the Collateral Documents, to any other Indebtedness or Lien, as applicable, without the written consent of each Lender or (ix) except as provided in clause (d) of this Section or in any Collateral Document, release all or substantially all of the Collateral, as applicable, without the written consent of each Lender provided further that no such agreement shall amend, modify or otherwise affect the rights or duties of the Administrative Agent, the Issuing Bank or the Swingline Lender hereunder without the prior written consent of the Administrative Agent, the Issuing Bank or the Swingline Lender, as the case may be (it being understood that any change to Section 2.24 shall require the consent of the Administrative Agent, the Issuing Bank and the Swingline Lender) provided further that no such agreement shall amend or modify the provisions of Section 2.06 or any letter of credit application and any bilateral agreement between the Company and the Issuing Bank regarding the Issuing Bank s Issuing Bank Sublimit (other than in the manner set forth in the definition of Issuing Bank Sublimit) or the respective rights and obligations between the Company and the Issuing Bank in connection with the issuance of Letters of Credit without the prior written consent of the Administrative Agent and the Issuing Bank, respectively. Notwithstanding the foregoing, no consent with respect to any amendment, waiver or other modification of this Agreement shall be required of any Defaulting Lender, except with respect to 

any amendment, waiver or other modification referred to in clause (i), (ii) or (iii) of the first proviso of this paragraph and then only in the event such Defaulting Lender shall be directly affected by such amendment, waiver or other modification. 
 (c) Notwithstanding the foregoing, this Agreement and any other Loan Document may be amended (or amended and restated) with the written consent of the Required Lenders, the Administrative Agent and the Borrowers to each relevant Loan Document (x) to add one or more credit facilities (in addition to the Incremental Term Loans pursuant to an Incremental Term Loan Amendment) to this Agreement and to permit extensions of credit from time to time outstanding thereunder and the accrued interest and fees in respect thereof to share ratably in the benefits of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents with the Revolving Loans, the Term Loans, Incremental Term Loans and the accrued interest and fees in respect thereof and (y) to include appropriately the Lenders holding such credit facilities in any determination of the Required Lenders and Lenders. 
 (d) The Lenders hereby irrevocably authorize the Administrative Agent, at its option and in its sole discretion, to release any Liens granted to the Administrative Agent by the Loan Parties on any Collateral and release the Subsidiary Guarantors from the Subsidiary Guaranty and irrevocably agree that the Liens granted to the Administrative Agent by the Loan Parties on any Collateral shall be immediately and automatically released, in each case, without further action by any Person (i) upon the termination of all the Commitments, payment and satisfaction in full in cash of all Secured Obligations (other than the Unliquidated Obligations) and the cash collateralization of all Unliquidated Obligations in a manner satisfactory to the Administrative Agent, (ii) under the circumstances set forth in Section 9.17, (iii) constituting property being sold or disposed of if the Company certifies to the Administrative Agent that the sale or disposition is made in compliance with the terms of this Agreement (and the Administrative Agent may rely conclusively on any such certificate, without further inquiry), (iv) constituting property leased to the Company or any Subsidiary under a lease which has expired or been terminated in a transaction permitted under this Agreement, (v) as required to effect any sale or other disposition of such Collateral in connection with any exercise of remedies of the Administrative Agent and the Lenders pursuant to Section 7.01 (and the Lenders further authorize the Administrative Agent to execute and deliver any documents reasonably requested by the Company to evidence such termination or release), (vi) constituting Excluded Property as a result of an occurrence not prohibited hereunder or (vii) to the extent such Collateral is owned by a Subsidiary Guarantor, upon release of such Subsidiary Guarantor from its obligations under the Subsidiary Guaranty. Any such release shall not in any manner discharge, affect, or impair the Obligations or any Liens (other than those expressly being released) upon (or obligations of the Loan Parties in respect of) all interests retained by the Loan Parties, including the proceeds of any sale, all of which shall continue to constitute part of the Collateral. In addition, each of the Lenders, on behalf of itself and any of its Affiliates that are Secured Parties, irrevocably authorizes the Administrative Agent, at its option and in its discretion, (i) to subordinate any Lien on any assets granted to or held by the Administrative Agent under any Loan Document to the holder of any Lien on such property that is permitted by Section 6.02(d) or (ii) in the event that the Company shall have advised the Administrative Agent that, notwithstanding the use by the Company of commercially reasonable efforts to obtain the consent of such holder (but without the requirement to pay any sums to obtain such consent) to permit the Administrative Agent to retain its liens (on a subordinated basis as contemplated by clause (i) above), the holder of such other Indebtedness requires, as a condition to the extension of such credit, that the Liens on such assets granted to or held by the Administrative Agent under any Loan Document be released, to release the Administrative Agent s Liens on such assets. 
 (e) If, in connection with any proposed amendment, waiver or consent requiring the consent of each Lender or each Lender directly affected thereby, the consent of the Required Lenders is obtained, but the consent of other necessary Lenders is not obtained (any such Lender whose consent is necessary but not obtained being referred to herein as a Non-Consenting Lender ), then the Company may elect to replace a Non-Consenting Lender as a Lender party to this Agreement, provided that, concurrently with such replacement, (i) another bank or other entity (other than any Ineligible Institution) which is reasonably satisfactory to the Company and the Administrative Agent shall agree, as of such date, to purchase for cash the Loans and other Obligations due to the Non-Consenting Lender pursuant to an Assignment and Assumption and to become a Lender for all purposes under this Agreement and to assume all obligations of the Non-Consenting Lender to be terminated as of such date and to comply with the requirements of clause (b) of Section 9.04, and (ii) each Borrower shall pay to such Non-Consenting 

Lender in same day funds on the day of such replacement (1) the outstanding principal amount of its Loans and participations in LC Disbursements and all interest, fees and other amounts then accrued but unpaid to such Non-Consenting Lender by such Borrower hereunder to and including the date of termination, including without limitation payments due to such Non-Consenting Lender under Sections 2.15 and 2.17, and (2) an amount, if any, equal to the payment which would have been due to such Lender on the day of such replacement under Section 2.16 had the Loans of such Non-Consenting Lender been prepaid on such date rather than sold to the replacement Lender. 
 (f) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein the Administrative Agent may, with the consent of the Borrowers only, amend, modify or supplement this Agreement or any of the other Loan Documents to cure any ambiguity, omission, mistake, defect or inconsistency. 
 SECTION 19.03. Expenses Indemnity Damage Waiver . (a) The Company shall pay (i) all reasonable out-of-pocket expenses incurred by the Administrative Agent and its Affiliates, including the reasonable fees, charges and disbursements of counsel for the Administrative Agent, in connection with the syndication and distribution (including, without limitation, via the internet or through a service such as Intralinks) of the credit facilities provided for herein, the preparation and administration of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents or any amendments, modifications or waivers of the provisions hereof or thereof (whether or not the transactions contemplated hereby or thereby shall be consummated), (ii) all reasonable out-of-pocket expenses incurred by the Issuing Bank in connection with the issuance, amendment, renewal or extension of any Letter of Credit or any demand for payment thereunder and (iii) all reasonable out-of-pocket expenses incurred by the Administrative Agent, the Issuing Bank or any Lender, including the fees, charges and disbursements of any counsel for the Administrative Agent, the Issuing Bank or any Lender, in connection with the enforcement or protection of its rights in connection with this Agreement, including its rights under this Section, or in connection with the Loans made or Letters of Credit issued hereunder, including all such out-of-pocket expenses incurred during any workout, restructuring or negotiations in respect of such Loans or Letters of Credit. 
 (a) To the extent permitted by applicable law (i) the Company and any Loan Party shall not assert, and the Company and each Loan Party hereby waives, any claim against the Administrative Agent, any Lead Arranger, any Syndication Agent, any Co-Documentation Agent, any Issuing Bank and any Lender, and any Related Party of any of the foregoing Persons (each such Person being called a Lender-Related Person for any Liabilities arising from the use by others of information or other materials (including, without limitation, any personal data) obtained through telecommunications, electronic or other information transmission systems (including the Internet), except to the extent determined by a court of competent jurisdiction by a final and non-appealable judgment to have resulted from the gross negligence, bad faith or willful misconduct of such Lender-Related Person or from the material breach in bad faith by such Lender-Related Person of its express contractual obligations under the Loan Documents pursuant to a claim made by the Company, and (ii) no party hereto shall assert, and each such party hereby waives, any Liabilities against any other party hereto, on any theory of liability, for special, indirect, consequential or punitive damages (as opposed to direct or actual damages) arising out of, in connection with, or as a result of, this Agreement, any other Loan Document, or any agreement or instrument contemplated hereby or thereby, the Transactions, any Loan or Letter of Credit or the use of the proceeds thereof provided that, nothing in this Section 9.03(b) shall relieve the Company or any Loan Party of any obligation it may have to indemnify an Lender-Related Person, as provided in Section 9.03(c), against any special, indirect, consequential or punitive damages asserted against such Lender-Related Person by a third party. 
 (b) The Company shall indemnify the Administrative Agent, the Issuing Bank and each Lender and each Related Party of any of the foregoing Persons (each such Person being called an Indemnitee against, and hold each Indemnitee harmless from, any and all Liabilities and related expenses, including the reasonable and documented out-of-pocket fees, charges and disbursements of any counsel for any Indemnitee (but limited, in the case of legal fees and charges, to a single firm of counsel for all such Indemnitees, taken as a whole and, if relevant, of a single firm of local counsel in each applicable jurisdiction (which may include a single firm of special counsel acting in multiple jurisdictions) for all such Indemnitees, taken as a whole (and, in the case of an actual or perceived conflict of interest, where the Indemnitee affected by such conflict notifies the Company of the existence of such conflict and thereafter retains its own counsel, of another firm of counsel for such affected Indemnitee and, if relevant, 

of a single firm of local counsel in each appropriate jurisdiction (which may include a single firm of special counsel acting in multiple jurisdictions) for such affected Indemnitee)), incurred by or asserted against any Indemnitee arising out of, in connection with, or as a result of (i) the execution or delivery of any Loan Document or any agreement or instrument contemplated thereby, (ii) the performance by the parties hereto of their respective obligations thereunder or the consummation of the Transactions or any other transactions contemplated hereby, (iii) any action taken in connection with this Agreement, including, but not limited to, the payment of principal, interest and fees, (iv) any Loan or Letter of Credit or the use of the proceeds therefrom (including any refusal by the Issuing Bank to honor a demand for payment under a Letter of Credit if the documents presented in connection with such demand do not strictly comply with the terms of such Letter of Credit), (v) any actual or alleged presence or release of Hazardous Materials on or from any property owned or operated by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, or any Environmental Liability related in any way to the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, or (vi) any actual or prospective Proceeding relating to any of the foregoing, whether or not such Proceeding is brought by the Company or any other Loan Party or its or their respective equity holders, Affiliates, creditors or any other third Person and whether based on contract, tort or any other theory and regardless of whether any Indemnitee is a party thereto provided that such indemnity shall not, as to any Indemnitee, be available to the extent that such Liabilities or related expenses (x) are determined by a court of competent jurisdiction by final and nonappealable judgment to have resulted from the gross negligence, bad faith or willful misconduct of such Indemnitee or any of its Related Parties, (y) result from a claim brought by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries against such Indemnitee for material breach of such Indemnitee s or any of its Related Parties obligations under any Loan Document if the Company or such Subsidiary has obtained a final and nonappealable judgment in its favor on such claim as determined by a court of competent jurisdiction or (z) result from any dispute solely among Indemnitees (not arising as a result of any act or omission by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries or Affiliates) other than claims against any of the Indemnitees in its capacity or in fulfilling its role as Administrative Agent, Syndication Agent, Co-Documentation Agent, Lead Arranger, Issuing Bank or Swingline Lender or any similar role under or in connection with this Agreement. The Company shall not be liable for any settlement of any Proceeding if the amount of such settlement was effected without the Company s consent (which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld, conditioned or delayed), but if settled with the Company s written consent or if there is a final judgment for the plaintiff in any such Proceeding, the Company agrees to indemnify and hold harmless each Indemnitee from and against any and all Liabilities and related expenses by reason of such settlement or judgment in accordance with the other terms of this Section 9.03. A Person seeking to be indemnified under this Section 9.03 shall notify the Company of any event requiring indemnification within 30 days following such Person s receipt of notice of commencement of any action or proceeding, or such Person s obtaining knowledge of the occurrence of any other event, giving rise to a claim for indemnification hereunder, and furthermore such Person agrees to notify the Company from time to time of the status of any such action or proceeding provided , that the failure to so notify the Company shall not affect the Company s duty or obligations under this Section 9.03. This Section 9.03(c) shall not apply with respect to Taxes other than any Taxes that represent losses, claims or damages arising from any non-Tax claim. 
 (c) To the extent that the Company fails to pay any amount required to be paid by it to the Administrative Agent, the Issuing Bank or the Swingline Lender under paragraph (a) or (b) of this Section, each Lender severally agrees to pay to the Administrative Agent, and each Revolving Lender severally agrees to pay to the Issuing Bank or the Swingline Lender, as the case may be, such Lender s Applicable Percentage (determined as of the time that the applicable unreimbursed expense or indemnity payment is sought) of such unpaid amount (it being understood that the Company s failure to pay any such amount shall not relieve the Company of any default in the payment thereof) provided that the unreimbursed expense or indemnified loss, claim, damage, liability or related expense, as the case may be, was incurred by or asserted against the Administrative Agent, the Issuing Bank or the Swingline Lender in its capacity as such. 
 (d) All amounts due under this Section shall be payable not later than thirty (30) days after written demand therefor. 
 SECTION 19.04. Successors and Assigns . (a) The provisions of this Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the parties hereto and their respective successors and assigns permitted hereby (including any Affiliate of the Issuing Bank that issues any Letter of Credit), except that 

(i) no Borrower may assign or otherwise transfer any of its rights or obligations hereunder without the prior written consent of each Lender (and any attempted assignment or transfer by any Borrower without such consent shall be null and void) provided that, notwithstanding the foregoing, any Borrower may take any action permitted under Section 6.03 and (ii) no Lender may assign or otherwise transfer its rights or obligations hereunder except in accordance with this Section. Nothing in this Agreement, expressed or implied, shall be construed to confer upon any Person (other than the parties hereto, their respective successors and assigns permitted hereby (including any Affiliate of the Issuing Bank that issues any Letter of Credit), Participants (to the extent provided in paragraph (c) of this Section) and, to the extent expressly contemplated hereby, the Related Parties of each of the Administrative Agent, the Issuing Bank and the Lenders) any legal or equitable right, remedy or claim under or by reason of this Agreement. 
 (a) (i) Subject to the conditions set forth in paragraph (b)(ii) below, any Lender may assign to one or more Persons (other than an Ineligible Institution) all or a portion of its rights and obligations under this Agreement (including all or a portion of its Commitment and the Loans at the time owing to it) with the prior written consent (such consent not to be unreasonably withheld, conditioned or delayed) of 
 (A) the Company provided that the Company shall be deemed to have consented to any such assignment unless it shall object thereto by written notice to the Administrative Agent within ten (10) Business Days after having received notice thereof) provided , further , that no consent of the Company shall be required for an assignment to a Lender, an Affiliate of a Lender, an Approved Fund or, if an Event of Default under Section 7.01(a), (b), (h) or (i) has occurred and is continuing, any other assignee 
 (B) the Administrative Agent provided that no consent of the Administrative Agent shall be required for an assignment of (x) any Revolving Commitment to an assignee that is a Lender (other than a Defaulting Lender) with a Revolving Commitment immediately prior to giving effect to such assignment and (y) all or any portion of a Term Loan to a Lender, an Affiliate of a Lender or an Approved Fund 
 (C) the Issuing Bank provided that no consent of the Issuing Bank shall be required for an assignment of all or any portion of a Term Loan and 
 (D) the Swingline Lender provided that no consent of the Swingline Lender shall be required for an assignment of all or any portion of a Term Loan. 
 (i) Assignments shall be subject to the following additional conditions 
 (A) except in the case of an assignment to a Lender or an Affiliate of a Lender or an Approved Fund or an assignment of the entire remaining amount of the assigning Lender s Commitment or Loans of any Class, the amount of the Commitment or Loans of the assigning Lender subject to each such assignment (determined as of the date the Assignment and Assumption with respect to such assignment is delivered to the Administrative Agent) shall not be less than 5,000,000 unless each of the Company and the Administrative Agent otherwise consent, provided that no such consent of the Company shall be required if an Event of Default under Section 7.01(a), (b), (h) or (i) has occurred and is continuing 
 (B) each partial assignment shall be made as an assignment of a proportionate part of all the assigning Lender s rights and obligations under this Agreement, provided that this clause shall not be construed to prohibit the assignment of a proportionate part of all the assigning Lender s rights and obligations in respect of one Class of Commitments or Loans 
 (C) the parties to each assignment shall execute and deliver to the Administrative Agent (x) an Assignment and Assumption or (y) to the extent applicable, an agreement incorporating an Assignment and Assumption by reference pursuant to an Approved Electronic Platform as to which the Administrative Agent and the parties to the 

Assignment and Assumption are participants, together with a processing and recordation fee of 3,500, such fee to be paid by either the assigning Lender or the assignee Lender or shared between such Lenders and 
 (D) the assignee, if it shall not be a Lender, shall deliver to the Administrative Agent an Administrative Questionnaire in which the assignee designates one or more credit contacts to whom all syndicate-level information (which may contain material non-public information about the Company and its Affiliates and their Related Parties or their respective securities) will be made available and who may receive such information in accordance with the assignee s compliance procedures and applicable laws, including Federal and state securities laws. 
 For the purposes of this Section 9.04(b), the terms Approved Fund and Ineligible Institution have the following meanings 
 Approved Fund means any Person (other than a natural person) that is engaged in making, purchasing, holding or investing in bank loans and similar extensions of credit in the ordinary course of its business and that is administered or managed by (a) a Lender, (b) an Affiliate of a Lender or (c) an entity or an Affiliate of an entity that administers or manages a Lender and controls such Lender. 
 Ineligible Institution means (a) a natural person, (b) a Defaulting Lender or its Lender Parent, (c) the Company, any of its Subsidiaries or any of its Affiliates, (d) a company, investment vehicle or trust for, or owned and operated for the primary benefit of, a natural person or relative(s) thereof or (e) a Disqualified Institution. 
 (ii) Subject to acceptance and recording thereof pursuant to paragraph (b)(iv) of this Section, from and after the effective date specified in each Assignment and Assumption the assignee thereunder shall be a party hereto and, to the extent of the interest assigned by such Assignment and Assumption, have the rights and obligations of a Lender under this Agreement, and the assigning Lender thereunder shall, to the extent of the interest assigned by such Assignment and Assumption, be released from its obligations under this Agreement (and, in the case of an Assignment and Assumption covering all of the assigning Lender s rights and obligations under this Agreement, such Lender shall cease to be a party hereto but shall continue to be entitled to the benefits of Sections 2.15, 2.16, 2.17 and 9.03). Any assignment or transfer by a Lender of rights or obligations under this Agreement that does not comply with this Section 9.04 shall be treated for purposes of this Agreement as a sale by such Lender of a participation in such rights and obligations in accordance with paragraph (c) of this Section. 
 (iii) The Administrative Agent, acting for this purpose as a non-fiduciary agent of each Borrower, shall maintain at one of its offices a copy of each Assignment and Assumption delivered to it and a register for the recordation of the names and addresses of the Lenders, and the Commitment of, and principal amount (and stated interest) of the Loans and LC Disbursements owing to, each Lender pursuant to the terms hereof from time to time (the Register ). The entries in the Register shall be conclusive absent manifest error, and the Borrowers, the Administrative Agent, the Issuing Bank and the Lenders shall treat each Person whose name is recorded in the Register pursuant to the terms hereof as a Lender hereunder for all purposes of this Agreement, notwithstanding notice to the contrary. The Register shall be available for inspection by the Company, the Issuing Bank and any Lender (but only to entries with respect to itself), at any reasonable time and from time to time upon reasonable prior notice. 
 (iv) Upon its receipt of (x) a duly completed Assignment and Assumption executed by an assigning Lender and an assignee or (y) to the extent applicable, an agreement incorporating an Assignment and Assumption by reference pursuant to an Approved Electronic Platform as to which the Administrative Agent and the parties to the Assignment and Assumption are participants, the assignee s completed Administrative Questionnaire (unless the assignee shall already be a Lender hereunder), the processing and recordation fee 

referred to in paragraph (b) of this Section and any written consent to such assignment required by paragraph (b) of this Section, the Administrative Agent shall accept such Assignment and Assumption and record the information contained therein in the Register provided that if either the assigning Lender or the assignee shall have failed to make any payment required to be made by it pursuant to Section 2.05(c), 2.06(d) or (e), 2.07(b), 2.18(e) or 9.03(c), the Administrative Agent shall have no obligation to accept such Assignment and Assumption and record the information therein in the Register unless and until such payment shall have been made in full, together with all accrued interest thereon. No assignment shall be effective for purposes of this Agreement unless it has been recorded in the Register as provided in this paragraph. 
 (b) Any Lender may, without the consent of the Company, the Administrative Agent, the Issuing Bank or the Swingline Lender, sell participations to one or more banks or other entities (a Participant ), other than an Ineligible Institution, in all or a portion of such Lender s rights and obligations under this Agreement (including all or a portion of its Commitment and the Loans owing to it) provided that (A) such Lender s obligations under this Agreement shall remain unchanged, (B) such Lender shall remain solely responsible to the other parties hereto for the performance of such obligations and (C) the Borrowers, the Administrative Agent, the Issuing Bank and the other Lenders shall continue to deal solely and directly with such Lender in connection with such Lender s rights and obligations under this Agreement. Any agreement or instrument pursuant to which a Lender sells such a participation shall provide that such Lender shall retain the sole right to enforce this Agreement and to approve any amendment, modification or waiver of any provision of this Agreement provided that such agreement or instrument may provide that such Lender will not, without the consent of the Participant, agree to any amendment, modification or waiver described in the first proviso to Section 9.02(b) that affects such Participant. Each Borrower agrees that each Participant shall be entitled to the benefits of Sections 2.15, 2.16 and 2.17 (subject to the requirements and limitations therein, including the requirements under Section 2.17(f) (it being understood that the documentation required under Section 2.17(f) shall be delivered to the participating Lender)) to the same extent as if it were a Lender and had acquired its interest by assignment pursuant to paragraph (b) of this Section provided that such Participant (A) agrees to be subject to the provisions of Sections 2.18 and 2.19 as if it were an assignee under paragraph (b) of this Section and (B) shall not be entitled to receive any greater pro rata payment under Sections 2.15 or 2.17, with respect to any participation, than its participating Lender would have been entitled to receive, except to the extent such entitlement to receive a greater payment results from a Change in Law that occurs after the Participant acquired the applicable participation. To the extent permitted by law, each Participant also shall be entitled to the benefits of Section 9.08 as though it were a Lender, provided such Participant agrees to be subject to Section 2.18(d) as though it were a Lender. Each Lender that sells a participation shall, acting solely for this purpose as a non-fiduciary agent of each Borrower, maintain a register on which it enters the name and address of each Participant and the principal amounts (and stated interest) of each Participant s interest in the Loans or other obligations under the Loan Documents (the Participant Register provided that no Lender shall have any obligation to disclose all or any portion of the Participant Register (including the identity of any Participant or any information relating to a Participant s interest in any Commitments, Loans, Letters of Credit or its other obligations under any Loan Document) to any Person except to the extent that such disclosure is necessary to establish that such Commitment, Loan, Letter of Credit or other obligation is in registered form under Section 5f.103-1(c) and proposed Section 1.163-5(b) of the United States Treasury Regulations (or any amended or successor version). The entries in the Participant Register shall be conclusive absent manifest error, and such Lender shall treat each Person whose name is recorded in the Participant Register as the owner of such participation for all purposes of this Agreement notwithstanding any notice to the contrary. For the avoidance of doubt, the Administrative Agent (in its capacity as Administrative Agent) shall have no responsibility for maintaining a Participant Register. 
 (c) Any Lender may at any time pledge or assign a security interest in all or any portion of its rights under this Agreement to secure obligations of such Lender, including without limitation any pledge or assignment to secure obligations to a Federal Reserve Bank, and this Section shall not apply to any such pledge or assignment of a security interest provided that no such pledge or assignment of a security interest shall release a Lender from any of its obligations hereunder or substitute any such pledgee or assignee for such Lender as a party hereto. 

(d) Disqualified Institutions . 
 (i) No assignment or participation shall be made to any Person that was a Disqualified Institution as of the date (the Trade Date on which the assigning Lender entered into a binding agreement to sell and assign or grant a participation in all or a portion of its rights and obligations under this Agreement to such Person (unless the Company has consented to such assignment or participation in writing in its sole and absolute discretion, in which case such Person will not be considered a Disqualified Institution for the purpose of such assignment or participation). For the avoidance of doubt, with respect to any assignee or Participant that becomes a Disqualified Institution after the applicable Trade Date (including as a result of the delivery of a written supplement to the list of Disqualified Institutions referred to in, the definition of Disqualified Institution ), (x) such assignee or Participant shall not retroactively be disqualified from becoming a Lender or Participant and (y) the execution by the Company of an Assignment and Assumption with respect to such assignee will not by itself result in such assignee no longer being considered a Disqualified Institution. Any assignment or participation in violation of this clause (e)(i) shall not be void, but the other provisions of this clause (e) shall apply. 
 (ii) If any assignment or participation is made to any Disqualified Institution without the Company s prior written consent in violation of clause (i) above, or if any Person becomes a Disqualified Institution after the applicable Trade Date, the Company may, at its sole expense and effort, upon notice to the applicable Disqualified Institution and the Administrative Agent, require such Disqualified Institution to assign, without recourse (in accordance with and subject to the restrictions contained in this Section 9.04), all of its interest, rights and obligations under this Agreement to one or more Persons (other than an Ineligible Institution) at the lesser of (x) the principal amount thereof and (y) the amount that such Disqualified Institution paid to acquire such interests, rights and obligations in each case plus accrued interest, accrued fees and all other amounts (other than principal amounts) payable to it hereunder. 
 (iii) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in this Agreement, Disqualified Institutions to whom an assignment or participation is made in violation of clause (i) above (A) will not have the right to (x) receive information, reports or other materials provided to Lenders by the Company, the Administrative Agent or any other Lender, (y) attend or participate in meetings attended by the Lenders and the Administrative Agent, or (z) access any electronic site established for the Lenders or confidential communications from counsel to or financial advisors of the Administrative Agent or the Lenders and (B) (x) for purposes of any consent to any amendment, waiver or modification of, or any action under, and for the purpose of any direction to the Administrative Agent or any Lender to undertake any action (or refrain from taking any action) under this Agreement or any other Loan Document, each Disqualified Institution will be deemed to have consented in the same proportion as the Lenders that are not Disqualified Institutions consented to such matter and (y) for purposes of voting on any plan of reorganization, each Disqualified Institution party hereto hereby agrees (1) not to vote on such plan of reorganization, (2) if such Disqualified Institution does vote on such plan of reorganization notwithstanding the restriction in the foregoing clause (1), such vote will be deemed not to be in good faith and shall be designated pursuant to Section 1126(e) of the Bankruptcy Code (or any similar provision in any other applicable laws), and such vote shall not be counted in determining whether the applicable class has accepted or rejected such plan of reorganization in accordance with Section 1126(c) of the Bankruptcy Code (or any similar provision in any other applicable laws) and (3) not to contest any request by any party for a determination by the Bankruptcy Court (or other applicable court of competent jurisdiction) effectuating the foregoing clause (2). 
 (iv) The Administrative Agent shall have the right, and the Company hereby expressly authorizes the Administrative Agent, to provide the list of Disqualified Institutions provided by the Company and any updates thereto from time to time (collectively, the DQ List to each Lender or potential Lender requesting the same. 

(v) The Administrative Agent and the Lenders shall not be responsible or have any liability for, or have any duty to ascertain, inquire into, monitor or enforce, compliance with the provisions hereof relating to Disqualified Institutions. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, neither the Administrative Agent nor any Lender shall (x) be obligated to ascertain, monitor or inquire as to whether any other Lender or Participant or prospective Lender or Participant is a Disqualified Institution or (y) have any liability with respect to or arising out of any assignment or participation of Loans, or disclosure of confidential information, by any other Person to any Disqualified Institution. 
 SECTION 19.05. Survival . All covenants, agreements, representations and warranties made by the Loan Parties in the Loan Documents and in the certificates or other instruments delivered in connection with or pursuant to this Agreement or any other Loan Document shall be considered to have been relied upon by the other parties hereto and shall survive the execution and delivery of the Loan Documents and the making of any Loans and issuance of any Letters of Credit, regardless of any investigation made by any such other party or on its behalf and notwithstanding that the Administrative Agent, the Issuing Bank or any Lender may have had notice or knowledge of any Default or incorrect representation or warranty at the time any credit is extended hereunder, and shall continue in full force and effect as long as the principal of or any accrued interest on any Loan or any fee or any other amount payable under this Agreement or any other Loan Document is outstanding and unpaid or any Letter of Credit is outstanding and so long as the Commitments have not expired or terminated. The provisions of Sections 2.15, 2.16, 2.17 and 9.03 and Article VIII shall survive and remain in full force and effect regardless of the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby, the repayment of the Loans, the expiration or termination of the Letters of Credit and the Commitments or the termination of this Agreement or any other Loan Document or any provision hereof or thereof. 
 SECTION 19.06. Counterparts Integration Effectiveness Electronic Execution (a) . (a) This Agreement may be executed in counterparts (and by different parties hereto on different counterparts), each of which shall constitute an original, but all of which when taken together shall constitute a single contract. This Agreement, the other Loan Documents and any separate letter agreements with respect to (i) fees payable to the Administrative Agent and (ii) increases or reductions of the Issuing Bank Sublimit of the Issuing Bank constitute the entire contract among the parties relating to the subject matter hereof and supersede any and all previous agreements and understandings, oral or written, relating to the subject matter hereof. Except as provided in Section 4.01, this Agreement shall become effective when it shall have been executed by the Administrative Agent and when the Administrative Agent shall have received counterparts hereof which, when taken together, bear the signatures of each of the other parties hereto, and thereafter shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the parties hereto and their respective successors and permitted assigns. 
 (b) Delivery of an executed counterpart of a signature page of (x) this Agreement, (y) any other Loan Document and or (z) any document, amendment, approval, consent, information, notice (including, for the avoidance of doubt, any notice delivered pursuant to Section 9.01), certificate, request, statement, disclosure or authorization related to this Agreement, any other Loan Document and or the transactions contemplated hereby and or thereby (each an Ancillary Document that is an Electronic Signature transmitted by telecopy, emailed pdf. or any other electronic means that reproduces an image of an actual executed signature page shall be effective as delivery of a manually executed counterpart of this Agreement, such other Loan Document or such Ancillary Document, as applicable. The words execution, execute, signed, signature, delivery, and words of like import in or related to any document to be signed in connection with this Agreement and the transactions contemplated hereby (including without limitation Assignment and Assumptions, amendments or other Borrowing Requests, waivers and consents) shall be deemed to include Electronic Signatures, deliveries or the keeping of records in any electronic form, each of which shall be of the same legal effect, validity or enforceability as a manually executed signature, physical delivery thereof or the use of a paper-based recordkeeping system, as the case may be, to the extent and as provided for in any applicable law, including the Federal Electronic Signatures in Global and National Commerce Act, the New York State Electronic Signatures and Records Act, or any other similar state laws based on the Uniform Electronic Transactions Act provided that nothing herein shall require the Administrative Agent to accept Electronic Signatures in any form or format without its prior written consent and pursuant to procedures approved by it provided, further, without limiting the foregoing, (i) to the extent the Administrative Agent has agreed to accept any 

Electronic Signature, the Administrative Agent and each of the Lenders shall be entitled to rely on such Electronic Signature purportedly given by or on behalf of the Company or any other Loan Party without further verification thereof and without any obligation to review the appearance or form of any such Electronic signature and (ii) upon the request of the Administrative Agent or any Lender, any Electronic Signature shall be promptly followed by a manually executed counterpart. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, the Company and each Loan Party hereby (i) agrees that, for all purposes, including without limitation, in connection with any workout, restructuring, enforcement of remedies, bankruptcy proceedings or litigation among the Administrative Agent, the Lenders, the Company and the Loan Parties, Electronic Signatures transmitted by telecopy, emailed pdf. or any other electronic means that reproduces an image of an actual executed signature page and or any electronic images of this Agreement, any other Loan Document and or any Ancillary Document shall have the same legal effect, validity and enforceability as any paper original, (ii) the Administrative Agent and each of the Lenders may, at its option, create one or more copies of this Agreement, any other Loan Document and or any Ancillary Document in the form of an imaged electronic record in any format, which shall be deemed created in the ordinary course of such Person s business, and destroy the original paper document (and all such electronic records shall be considered an original for all purposes and shall have the same legal effect, validity and enforceability as a paper record), (iii) waives any argument, defense or right to contest the legal effect, validity or enforceability of this Agreement, any other Loan Document and or any Ancillary Document based solely on the lack of paper original copies of this Agreement, such other Loan Document and or such Ancillary Document, respectively, including with respect to any signature pages thereto and (iv) waives any claim against any Lender-Related Person for any Liabilities arising solely from the Administrative Agent s and or any Lender s reliance on or use of Electronic Signatures and or transmissions by telecopy, emailed pdf. or any other electronic means that reproduces an image of an actual executed signature page, including any Liabilities arising as a result of the failure of the Company and or any Loan Party to use any available security measures in connection with the execution, delivery or transmission of any Electronic Signature. 
 SECTION 19.07. Severability . Any provision of any Loan Document held to be invalid, illegal or unenforceable in any jurisdiction shall, as to such jurisdiction, be ineffective to the extent of such invalidity, illegality or unenforceability without affecting the validity, legality and enforceability of the remaining provisions thereof and the invalidity of a particular provision in a particular jurisdiction shall not invalidate such provision in any other jurisdiction. 
 SECTION 19.08. Right of Setoff . If an Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing, each Lender, each Issuing Bank, and each of their respective Affiliates is hereby authorized at any time and from time to time, to the fullest extent permitted by law, to setoff and apply any and all deposits (general or special, time or demand, provisional or final and in whatever currency denominated) at any time held, and other obligations at any time owing, by such Lender, such Issuing Bank or any such Affiliate, to or for the credit or the account of any Borrower or any Subsidiary Guarantor against any and all of the Secured Obligations now or hereafter existing under this Agreement or any other Loan Document to such Lender or such Issuing Bank or their respective Affiliates, irrespective of whether or not such Lender, Issuing Bank or Affiliate shall have made any demand under this Agreement or any other Loan Document and although such obligations may be contingent or unmatured or are owed to a branch office or Affiliate of such Lender or such Issuing Bank different from the branch office or Affiliate holding such deposit or obligated on such indebtedness provided that in the event that any Defaulting Lender shall exercise any such right of setoff, (x) all amounts so setoff shall be paid over immediately to the Administrative Agent for further application in accordance with the provisions of Section 2.24 and, pending such payment, shall be segregated by such Defaulting Lender from its other funds and deemed held in trust for the benefit of the Administrative Agent, the Issuing Banks, and the Lenders, and (y) the Defaulting Lender shall provide promptly to the Administrative Agent a statement describing in reasonable detail the Obligations owing to such Defaulting Lender as to which it exercised such right of setoff. The rights of each Lender, each Issuing Bank and their respective Affiliates under this Section are in addition to other rights and remedies (including other rights of setoff) that such Lender, such Issuing Bank or their respective Affiliates may have. Each Lender and Issuing Bank agrees to notify the Company and the Administrative Agent promptly after any such setoff and application provided that the failure to give such notice shall not affect the validity of such setoff and application. 
 SECTION 19.09. Governing Law Jurisdiction Consent to Service of Process . 

(a) This Agreement and the other Loan Documents (unless explicitly stated to be governed by the law of another jurisdiction) shall be construed in accordance with and governed by the law of the State of New York. Each of the Lenders and the Administrative Agent hereby irrevocably and unconditionally agrees that, notwithstanding the governing law provisions of any applicable Loan Document, any claims brought against the Administrative Agent by any Lender or Secured Party relating to this Agreement, any other Loan Document, the Collateral or the consummation or administration of the transactions contemplated hereby or thereby shall be construed in accordance with and governed by the law of the State of New York. 
 (b) Each Borrower hereby irrevocably and unconditionally submits, for itself and its property, to the exclusive jurisdiction of the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York sitting in the Borough of Manhattan (or if such court lacks subject matter jurisdiction, the Supreme Court of the State of New York sitting in the Borough of Manhattan), and any appellate court from any thereof, in any action or proceeding arising out of or relating to any Loan Document, or for recognition or enforcement of any judgment, and each of the parties hereto hereby irrevocably and unconditionally agrees that all claims in respect of any such action or proceeding may be heard and determined in such Federal (to the extent permitted by law) or New York State court. Each of the parties hereto agrees that a final judgment in any such action or proceeding shall be conclusive and may be enforced in other jurisdictions by suit on the judgment or in any other manner provided by law. Nothing in this Agreement or any other Loan Document shall affect any right that the Administrative Agent, the Issuing Bank or any Lender may otherwise have to bring any action or proceeding relating to this Agreement or any other Loan Document against any Loan Party or its properties in the courts of any jurisdiction. 
 (c) Each Borrower hereby irrevocably and unconditionally waives, to the fullest extent it may legally and effectively do so, any objection which it may now or hereafter have to the laying of venue of any suit, action or proceeding arising out of or relating to this Agreement or any other Loan Document in any court referred to in paragraph (b) of this Section. Each of the parties hereto hereby irrevocably waives, to the fullest extent permitted by law, the defense of an inconvenient forum to the maintenance of such action or proceeding in any such court. 
 (d) Each party to this Agreement irrevocably consents to service of process in the manner provided for notices in Section 9.01. Each Subsidiary Borrower irrevocably designates and appoints the Company, as its authorized agent, to accept and acknowledge on its behalf, service of any and all process which may be served in any suit, action or proceeding of the nature referred to in Section 9.09(b) in any federal or New York State court sitting in New York City. The Company hereby represents, warrants and confirms that the Company has agreed to accept such appointment. Said designation and appointment shall be irrevocable by each such Subsidiary Borrower until all Loans, all reimbursement obligations, interest thereon and all other amounts payable by such Subsidiary Borrower hereunder and under the other Loan Documents shall have been paid in full in accordance with the provisions hereof and thereof and such Subsidiary Borrower shall have been terminated as a Borrower hereunder pursuant to Section 2.23. Each Subsidiary Borrower hereby consents to process being served in any suit, action or proceeding of the nature referred to in Section 9.09(b) in any federal or New York State court sitting in New York City by service of process upon the Company as provided in this Section 9.09(d) provided that, to the extent lawful and possible, notice of said service upon such agent shall be mailed by registered or certified air mail, postage prepaid, return receipt requested, to the Company and (if applicable to) such Subsidiary Borrower at its address set forth in the Borrowing Subsidiary Agreement to which it is a party or to any other address of which such Subsidiary Borrower shall have given written notice to the Administrative Agent (with a copy thereof to the Company). Each Subsidiary Borrower irrevocably waives, to the fullest extent permitted by law, all claim of error by reason of any such service in such manner and agrees that such service shall be deemed in every respect effective service of process upon such Subsidiary Borrower in any such suit, action or proceeding and shall, to the fullest extent permitted by law, be taken and held to be valid and personal service upon and personal delivery to such Subsidiary Borrower. To the extent any Subsidiary Borrower has or hereafter may acquire any immunity from jurisdiction of any court or from any legal process (whether from service or notice, attachment prior to judgment, attachment in aid of execution of a judgment, execution or otherwise), each Subsidiary Borrower hereby irrevocably waives such immunity in respect of its obligations under the Loan 

Documents. Nothing in this Agreement or any other Loan Document will affect the right of any party to this Agreement to serve process in any other manner permitted by law. 
 SECTION 19.10. WAIVER OF JURY TRIAL . EACH PARTY HERETO HEREBY WAIVES, TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, ANY RIGHT IT MAY HAVE TO A TRIAL BY JURY IN ANY LEGAL PROCEEDING DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT, ANY OTHER LOAN DOCUMENT OR THE TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED HEREBY OR THEREBY (WHETHER BASED ON CONTRACT, TORT OR ANY OTHER THEORY). EACH PARTY HERETO (A) CERTIFIES THAT NO REPRESENTATIVE, AGENT OR ATTORNEY OF ANY OTHER PARTY HAS REPRESENTED, EXPRESSLY OR OTHERWISE, THAT SUCH OTHER PARTY WOULD NOT, IN THE EVENT OF LITIGATION, SEEK TO ENFORCE THE FOREGOING WAIVER AND (B) ACKNOWLEDGES THAT IT AND THE OTHER PARTIES HERETO HAVE BEEN INDUCED TO ENTER INTO THIS AGREEMENT BY, AMONG OTHER THINGS, THE MUTUAL WAIVERS AND CERTIFICATIONS IN THIS SECTION. 
 SECTION 19.11. Headings . Article and Section headings and the Table of Contents used herein are for convenience of reference only, are not part of this Agreement and shall not affect the construction of, or be taken into consideration in interpreting, this Agreement. 
 SECTION 19.12. Confidentiality . Each of the Administrative Agent, the Issuing Bank and the Lenders agrees to maintain the confidentiality of the Information (as defined below), except that Information may be disclosed (a) to its and its Affiliates directors, officers, employees and agents, including accountants, legal counsel and other advisors (it being understood that the Persons to whom such disclosure is made will be informed of the confidential nature of such Information and instructed to keep such Information confidential), (b) to the extent requested by any Governmental Authority regulating the Administrative Agent, any Issuing Bank or Lender or any Affiliate of the Administrative Agent, any Issuing Bank or Lender (including any self-regulatory authority, such as the National Association of Insurance Commissioners), (c) to the extent required by applicable laws or regulations or by any subpoena or similar legal process, (d) to any other party to this Agreement, (e) in connection with the exercise of any remedies under this Agreement or any other Loan Document or any suit, action or proceeding relating to this Agreement or any other Loan Document or the enforcement of rights hereunder or thereunder, (f) subject to an agreement containing provisions substantially the same as those of this Section, to (1) any assignee of or Participant in, or any prospective assignee of or Participant in, any of its rights or obligations under this Agreement (it being understood that the DQ List may be disclosed to any assignee or Participant, or prospective assignee or Participant, in reliance on this clause (f)) or (2) any actual or prospective counterparty (or its advisors) to any swap or derivative transaction relating to any Borrower and its obligations, (g) on a confidential basis to (1) any rating agency in connection with rating the Company or its Subsidiaries or the credit facilities provided for herein or (2) the CUSIP Service Bureau or any similar agency in connection with the issuance and monitoring of CUSIP numbers with respect to the credit facilities provided for herein, (h) with the written consent of the Company or (i) to the extent such Information (1) becomes publicly available other than as a result of a breach of this Section or (2) becomes available to the Administrative Agent, the Issuing Bank or any Lender on a nonconfidential basis from a source other than the Company or any of its Subsidiaries. For the purposes of this Section, Information means all information received from the Company relating to the Company or its business, other than any such information that is available to the Administrative Agent, the Issuing Bank or any Lender on a nonconfidential basis prior to disclosure by the Company and other than information pertaining to this Agreement routinely provided by arrangers to data service providers, including league table providers, that serve the lending industry unless the Company has, in a writing to the Administrative Agent, revoked disclosure to any such data service providers or league table providers as to further future disclosures provided that, in the case of information received from the Company after the date hereof, such information is clearly identified at the time of delivery as confidential. Any Person required to maintain the confidentiality of Information as provided in this Section shall be considered to have complied with its obligation to do so if such Person has exercised the same degree of care to maintain the confidentiality of such Information as such Person would accord to its own confidential information (and in any event in compliance in all material respects with applicable law regarding material non-public information). 

EACH LENDER ACKNOWLEDGES THAT INFORMATION AS DEFINED IN THE IMMEDIATELY PRECEDING PARAGRAPH FURNISHED TO IT PURSUANT TO THIS AGREEMENT MAY INCLUDE MATERIAL NON-PUBLIC INFORMATION CONCERNING THE COMPANY AND ITS RELATED PARTIES OR THEIR RESPECTIVE SECURITIES, AND CONFIRMS THAT IT HAS DEVELOPED COMPLIANCE PROCEDURES REGARDING THE USE OF MATERIAL NON-PUBLIC INFORMATION AND THAT IT WILL HANDLE SUCH MATERIAL NON-PUBLIC INFORMATION IN ACCORDANCE WITH THOSE PROCEDURES AND APPLICABLE LAW, INCLUDING FEDERAL AND STATE SECURITIES LAWS. 
 ALL INFORMATION, INCLUDING REQUESTS FOR WAIVERS AND AMENDMENTS, FURNISHED BY THE COMPANY OR THE ADMINISTRATIVE AGENT PURSUANT TO, OR IN THE COURSE OF ADMINISTERING, THIS AGREEMENT WILL BE SYNDICATE-LEVEL INFORMATION, WHICH MAY CONTAIN MATERIAL NON-PUBLIC INFORMATION ABOUT THE COMPANY, THE OTHER LOAN PARTIES AND THEIR RELATED PARTIES OR THEIR RESPECTIVE SECURITIES. ACCORDINGLY, EACH LENDER REPRESENTS TO THE COMPANY AND THE ADMINISTRATIVE AGENT THAT IT HAS IDENTIFIED IN ITS ADMINISTRATIVE QUESTIONNAIRE A CREDIT CONTACT WHO MAY RECEIVE INFORMATION THAT MAY CONTAIN MATERIAL NON-PUBLIC INFORMATION IN ACCORDANCE WITH ITS COMPLIANCE PROCEDURES AND APPLICABLE LAW. 
 SECTION 19.13. USA PATRIOT Act . Each Lender that is subject to the requirements of the Patriot Act hereby notifies each Loan Party that pursuant to the requirements of the Patriot Act, it is required to obtain, verify and record information that identifies such Loan Party, which information includes the name and address of such Loan Party and other information that will allow such Lender to identify such Loan Party in accordance with the Patriot Act. 
 SECTION 19.14. Interest Rate Limitation . Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, if at any time the interest rate applicable to any Loan, together with all fees, charges and other amounts which are treated as interest on such Loan under applicable law (collectively the Charges ), shall exceed the maximum lawful rate (the Maximum Rate which may be contracted for, charged, taken, received or reserved by the Lender holding such Loan in accordance with applicable law, the rate of interest payable in respect of such Loan hereunder, together with all Charges payable in respect thereof, shall be limited to the Maximum Rate and, to the extent lawful, the interest and Charges that would have been payable in respect of such Loan but were not payable as a result of the operation of this Section shall be cumulated and the interest and Charges payable to such Lender in respect of other Loans or periods shall be increased (but not above the Maximum Rate therefor) until such cumulated amount, together with interest thereon at the applicable Overnight Rate to the date of repayment, shall have been received by such Lender. 
 SECTION 19.15. No Advisory or Fiduciary Responsibility . Each Borrower acknowledges and agrees, and acknowledges its Subsidiaries understanding, that no Credit Party will have any obligations except those obligations expressly set forth herein and in the other Loan Documents and each Credit Party is acting solely in the capacity of an arm s length contractual counterparty to each Borrower with respect to the Loan Documents and the transactions contemplated therein and not as a financial advisor or a fiduciary to, or an agent of, any Borrower or any other person. Each Borrower agrees that it will not assert any claim against any Credit Party based on an alleged breach of fiduciary duty by such Credit Party in connection with this Agreement and the transactions contemplated hereby. Additionally, each Borrower acknowledges and agrees that no Credit Party is advising such Borrower as to any legal, tax, investment, accounting, regulatory or any other matters in any jurisdiction. Each Borrower shall consult with its own advisors concerning such matters and shall be responsible for making its own independent investigation and appraisal of the transactions contemplated hereby, and the Credit Parties shall have no responsibility or liability to the Borrowers with respect thereto. 
 Each Borrower further acknowledges and agrees, and acknowledges its Subsidiaries understanding, that each Credit Party is a full service securities or banking firm engaged in securities trading and brokerage activities as well as providing investment banking and other financial services. In the ordinary course of business, any Credit Party may provide investment banking and other financial 

services to, and or acquire, hold or sell, for its own accounts and the accounts of customers, equity, debt and other securities and financial instruments (including bank loans and other obligations) of, the Borrowers and other companies with which it may have commercial or other relationships. With respect to any securities and or financial instruments so held by any Credit Party or any of its customers, all rights in respect of such securities and financial instruments, including any voting rights, will be exercised by the holder of the rights, in its sole discretion. 
 In addition, each Borrower acknowledges and agrees, and acknowledges its Subsidiaries understanding, that each Credit Party and its affiliates may be providing debt financing, equity capital or other services (including financial advisory services) to other companies in respect of which the Borrowers or their Subsidiaries may have conflicting interests regarding the transactions described herein and otherwise. No Credit Party will use confidential information obtained from any Borrower by virtue of the transactions contemplated by the Loan Documents or its other relationships with the Borrowers in connection with the performance by such Credit Party of services for other companies, and no Credit Party will furnish any such information to other companies. Each Borrower also acknowledges that no Credit Party has any obligation to use in connection with the transactions contemplated by the Loan Documents, or to furnish to the Borrowers, confidential information obtained from other companies. 
 SECTION 19.16. Appointment for Perfection . Each Lender hereby appoints each other Lender as its agent for the purpose of perfecting Liens, for the benefit of the Administrative Agent and the Secured Parties, in assets which, in accordance with Article 9 of the UCC or any other applicable law can be perfected only by possession or control. Should any Lender (other than the Administrative Agent) obtain possession or control of any such Collateral, such Lender shall notify the Administrative Agent thereof, and, promptly upon the Administrative Agent s request therefore, shall deliver such Collateral to the Administrative Agent or otherwise deal with such Collateral in accordance with the Administrative Agent s instructions. 
 SECTION 19.17. Releases of Subsidiary Guarantors . 
 (a) A Subsidiary Guarantor shall automatically be released from its obligations under the Subsidiary Guaranty upon the consummation of any transaction permitted by this Agreement as a result of which such Subsidiary Guarantor ceases to be a Subsidiary provided that, if so required by this Agreement, the Required Lenders shall have consented to such transaction and the terms of such consent shall not have provided otherwise. In connection with any termination or release pursuant to this Paragraph, upon at least five (5) Business Days prior written request by the Company to the Administrative Agent, the Administrative Agent shall (and is hereby irrevocably authorized by each Lender to) execute and deliver to any Loan Party, at such Loan Party s expense, all documents that such Loan Party shall reasonably request to evidence such termination or release. Any execution and delivery of documents pursuant to this Section shall be without recourse to or warranty by the Administrative Agent. Further, the Administrative Agent may (and is hereby irrevocably authorized by each Lender to), upon the request of the Company, release any Subsidiary Guarantor (other than a Subsidiary Guarantor party to the Loans Documents as of the Effective Date) from its obligations under the Subsidiary Guaranty if such Subsidiary Guarantor becomes an Excluded Subsidiary . provided that no such release shall occur if such Subsidiary Guarantor continues (after giving effect to the consummation of such transaction or designation) to be a guarantor or provide any credit support in respect of any Material Indebtedness or Subordinated Indebtedness of the Company or any Restricted Subsidiary or Unrestricted Subsidiary. 
 (b) At such time as the principal and interest on the Loans, all LC Disbursements, the fees, expenses and other amounts payable under the Loan Documents and the other Obligations (other than obligations under any Swap Agreement or any Banking Services Agreement, and other Obligations expressly stated to survive such payment and termination) shall have been paid in full in cash, the Commitments shall have been terminated and no Letters of Credit shall be outstanding, the Subsidiary Guaranty and all obligations (other than those expressly stated to survive such termination) of each Subsidiary Guarantor thereunder shall automatically terminate, all without delivery of any instrument or performance of any act by any Person. 

SECTION 19.18. Acknowledgment and Consent to Bail-In of Affected Financial Institutions . Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in any Loan Document or in any other agreement, arrangement or understanding among any such parties, each party hereto acknowledges that any liability of any Affected Financial Institution arising under any Loan Document may be subject to the Write-Down and Conversion Powers of the applicable Resolution Authority and agrees and consents to, and acknowledges and agrees to be bound by 
 (a) the application of any Write-Down and Conversion Powers by the applicable Resolution Authority to any such liabilities arising hereunder which may be payable to it by any party hereto that is an Affected Financial Institution and 
 (b) the effects of any Bail-In Action on any such liability, including, if applicable 
 (i) a reduction in full or in part or cancellation of any such liability 
 (ii) a conversion of all, or a portion of, such liability into shares or other instruments of ownership in such Affected Financial Institution, its parent entity, or a bridge institution that may be issued to it or otherwise conferred on it, and that such shares or other instruments of ownership will be accepted by it in lieu of any rights with respect to any such liability under this Agreement or any other Loan Document or 
 (iii) the variation of the terms of such liability in connection with the exercise of the Write-Down and Conversion Powers of the applicable Resolution Authority. 
 SECTION 19.19. Acknowledgment Regarding Any Supported QFCs . To the extent that the Loan Documents provide support, through a guarantee or otherwise, for Swap Agreements or any other agreement or instrument that is a QFC (such support QFC Credit Support and each such QFC a Supported QFC ), the parties acknowledge and agree as follows with respect to the resolution power of the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation under the Federal Deposit Insurance Act and Title II of the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act (together with the regulations promulgated thereunder, the U.S. Special Resolution Regimes in respect of such Supported QFC and QFC Credit Support (with the provisions below applicable notwithstanding that the Loan Documents and any Supported QFC may in fact be stated to be governed by the laws of the State of New York and or of the United States or any other state of the United States) 
 In the event a Covered Entity that is party to a Supported QFC (each, a Covered Party becomes subject to a proceeding under a U.S. Special Resolution Regime, the transfer of such Supported QFC and the benefit of such QFC Credit Support (and any interest and obligation in or under such Supported QFC and such QFC Credit Support, and any rights in property securing such Supported QFC or such QFC Credit Support) from such Covered Party will be effective to the same extent as the transfer would be effective under the U.S. Special Resolution Regime if the Supported QFC and such QFC Credit Support (and any such interest, obligation and rights in property) were governed by the laws of the United States or a state of the United States. In the event a Covered Party or a BHC Act Affiliate of a Covered Party becomes subject to a proceeding under a U.S. Special Resolution Regime, Default Rights under the Loan Documents that might otherwise apply to such Supported QFC or any QFC Credit Support that may be exercised against such Covered Party are permitted to be exercised to no greater extent than such Default Rights could be exercised under the U.S. Special Resolution Regime if the Supported QFC and the Loan Documents were governed by the laws of the United States or a state of the United States. Without limitation of the foregoing, it is understood and agreed that rights and remedies of the parties with respect to a Defaulting Lender shall in no event affect the rights of any Covered Party with respect to a Supported QFC or any QFC Credit Support. 
 SECTION 19.20. Certain ERISA Matters (a) . (a) Each Lender (x) represents and warrants, as of the date such Person became a Lender party hereto, to, and (y) covenants, from the date such Person became a Lender party hereto to the date such Person ceases being a Lender party hereto, for the benefit of, the Administrative Agent, and each Lead Arranger and their respective Affiliates, and not, for the avoidance of doubt, to or for the benefit of the Borrower or any other Loan Party, that at least one of the following is and will be true 

(i) such Lender is not using plan assets (within the meaning of the Plan Asset Regulations) of one or more Benefit Plans in connection with the Loans, the Letters of Credit or the Commitments, 
 (ii) the transaction exemption set forth in one or more PTEs, such as PTE 84-14 (a class exemption for certain transactions determined by independent qualified professional asset managers), PTE 95-60 (a class exemption for certain transactions involving insurance company general accounts), PTE 90-1 (a class exemption for certain transactions involving insurance company pooled separate accounts), PTE 91-38 (a class exemption for certain transactions involving bank collective investment funds) or PTE 96-23 (a class exemption for certain transactions determined by in-house asset managers), is applicable with respect to such Lender s entrance into, participation in, administration of and performance of the Loans, the Letters of Credit, the Commitments and this Agreement, 
 (iii) (A) such Lender is an investment fund managed by a Qualified Professional Asset Manager (within the meaning of Part VI of PTE 84-14), (B) such Qualified Professional Asset Manager made the investment decision on behalf of such Lender to enter into, participate in, administer and perform the Loans, the Letters of Credit, the Commitments and this Agreement, (C) the entrance into, participation in, administration of and performance of the Loans, the Letters of Credit, the Commitments and this Agreement satisfies the requirements of sub-sections (b) through (g) of Part I of PTE 84-14 and (D) to the best knowledge of such Lender, the requirements of subsection (a) of Part I of PTE 84-14 are satisfied with respect to such Lender s entrance into, participation in, administration of and performance of the Loans, the Letters of Credit, the Commitments and this Agreement, or 
 (iv) such other representation, warranty and covenant as may be agreed in writing between the Administrative Agent, in its sole discretion, and such Lender. 
 (b) In addition, unless sub-clause (i) in the immediately preceding clause (a) is true with respect to a Lender or such Lender has provided another representation, warranty and covenant as provided in sub-clause (iv) in the immediately preceding clause (a), such Lender further (x) represents and warrants, as of the date such Person became a Lender party hereto, to, and (y) covenants, from the date such Person became a Lender party hereto to the date such Person ceases being a Lender party hereto, for the benefit of, the Administrative Agent, and each Lead Arranger and their respective Affiliates, and not, for the avoidance of doubt, to or for the benefit of the Borrower or any other Loan Party, that none of the Administrative Agent, or any Lead Arranger, any Syndication Agent, any Co-Documentation Agent or any of their respective Affiliates is a fiduciary with respect to the Collateral or the assets of such Lender (including in connection with the reservation or exercise of any rights by the Administrative Agent under this Agreement, any Loan Document or any documents related hereto or thereto). 
 (c) The Administrative Agent, and each Lead Arranger, Syndication Agent and Co-Documentation Agent hereby informs the Lenders that each such Person is not undertaking to provide investment advice or to give advice in a fiduciary capacity, in connection with the transactions contemplated hereby, and that such Person has a financial interest in the transactions contemplated hereby in that such Person or an Affiliate thereof (i) may receive interest or other payments with respect to the Loans, the Letters of Credit, the Commitments, this Agreement and any other Loan Documents (ii) may recognize a gain if it extended the Loans, the Letters of Credit or the Commitments for an amount less than the amount being paid for an interest in the Loans, the Letters of Credit or the Commitments by such Lender or (iii) may receive fees or other payments in connection with the transactions contemplated hereby, the Loan Documents or otherwise, including structuring fees, commitment fees, arrangement fees, facility fees, upfront fees, underwriting fees, ticking fees, agency fees, administrative agent or collateral agent fees, utilization fees, minimum usage fees, letter of credit fees, fronting fees, deal-away or alternate transaction fees, amendment fees, processing fees, term out premiums, banker s acceptance fees, breakage or other early termination fees or fees similar to the foregoing. 

ARTICLE XX Cross-Guarantee 
 In order to induce (x) the Lenders to extend credit to the other Borrowers hereunder and (y) the Lenders and their Affiliates to enter into Swap Agreements with the Company or any Subsidiary, but subject to the last sentence of this Article X, each Borrower hereby absolutely and irrevocably and unconditionally guarantees, as a primary obligor and not merely as a surety, to the Administrative Agent, for the benefit of the Secured Parties, the payment when and as due of the Secured Obligations of such other Borrowers and the Specified Ancillary Obligations of such other Borrowers and the Subsidiaries (collectively, the Guaranteed Obligations provided, however, that Guaranteed Obligations consisting of obligations of any Loan Party arising under any Swap Agreement shall exclude all Excluded Swap Obligations. Each Borrower further agrees that the due and punctual payment of such Guaranteed Obligations may be extended or renewed, in whole or in part, without notice to or further assent from it, and that it will remain bound upon its guarantee hereunder notwithstanding any such extension or renewal of any such Guaranteed Obligation. Each Borrower hereby irrevocably and unconditionally agrees, jointly and severally with the other Borrowers, that if any obligation guaranteed by it is or becomes unenforceable, invalid or illegal, it will, as an independent and primary obligation, indemnify the Administrative Agent, the Issuing Bank and the Lenders immediately on demand against any cost, loss or liability they incur as a result of any other Borrower or Subsidiary or any of its Affiliates not paying any amount which would, but for such unenforceability, invalidity or illegality, have been payable by such Borrower under this Article X on the date when it would have been due (but so that the amount payable by such Borrower under this indemnity will not exceed the amount which it would have had to pay under this Article X if the amount claimed had been recoverable on the basis of a guarantee). 
 
 Each Borrower waives presentment to, demand of payment from and protest to any Borrower of any of the Guaranteed Obligations, and also waives notice of acceptance of its obligations and notice of protest for nonpayment. The obligations of each Borrower hereunder shall not be affected by (a) the failure of the Administrative Agent, the Issuing Bank or any Lender (or any of its Affiliates) to assert any claim or demand or to enforce any right or remedy against any Borrower under the provisions of this Agreement, any other Loan Document, any Swap Agreement, any Banking Services Agreement or otherwise (b) any extension or renewal of any of the Guaranteed Obligations (c) any rescission, waiver, amendment or modification of, or release from, any of the terms or provisions of this Agreement, any other Loan Document, any Swap Agreement, any Banking Services Agreement or any other agreement (d) any default, failure or delay, willful or otherwise, in the performance of any of the Guaranteed Obligations (e) the failure of the Administrative Agent (or any applicable Lender (or any of its Affiliates)) to take any steps to perfect and maintain any security interest in, or to preserve any rights to, any security or collateral for the Guaranteed Obligations, if any (f) any change in the corporate, partnership or other existence, structure or ownership of any Borrower or any other guarantor of any of the Guaranteed Obligations (g) the enforceability or validity of the Guaranteed Obligations or any part thereof or the genuineness, enforceability or validity of any agreement relating thereto or with respect to any collateral securing the Guaranteed Obligations or any part thereof, or any other invalidity or unenforceability relating to or against any Borrower or any other guarantor of any of the Guaranteed Obligations, for any reason related to this Agreement, any other Loan Document, any Swap Agreement, any Banking Services Agreement, or any provision of applicable law, decree, order or regulation of any jurisdiction purporting to prohibit the payment by such Borrower or any other guarantor of the Guaranteed Obligations, of any of the Guaranteed Obligations or otherwise affecting any term of any of the Guaranteed Obligations or (h) any other act, omission or delay to do any other act which may or might in any manner or to any extent vary the risk of such Borrower or otherwise operate as a discharge of a guarantor as a matter of law or equity or which would impair or eliminate any right of such Borrower to subrogation. 
 
 Each Borrower further agrees that its agreement hereunder constitutes a guarantee of payment when due (whether or not any bankruptcy or similar proceeding shall have stayed the accrual or collection of any of the Guaranteed Obligations or operated as a discharge thereof) and not merely of collection, and waives any right to require that any resort be had by the Administrative Agent, the Issuing Bank or any Lender (or any of its Affiliates) to any balance of any deposit account or credit on the books 

of the Administrative Agent, the Issuing Bank or any Lender in favor of any Borrower or any other Person. 
 
 The obligations of each Borrower hereunder shall not be subject to any reduction, limitation, impairment or termination for any reason, and shall not be subject to any defense or set-off, counterclaim, recoupment or termination whatsoever, by reason of the invalidity, illegality or unenforceability of any of the Guaranteed Obligations, any impossibility in the performance of any of the Guaranteed Obligations or otherwise. 
 
 Each Borrower further agrees that its obligations hereunder shall constitute a continuing and irrevocable guarantee of all Guaranteed Obligations now or hereafter existing and shall continue to be effective or be reinstated, as the case may be, if at any time payment, or any part thereof, of any Guaranteed Obligation (including a payment effected through exercise of a right of setoff) is rescinded, or is or must otherwise be restored or returned by the Administrative Agent, the Issuing Bank or any Lender (or any of its Affiliates) upon the insolvency, bankruptcy or reorganization of any Borrower or otherwise (including pursuant to any settlement entered into by a holder of Guaranteed Obligations in its discretion). 
 
 In furtherance of the foregoing and not in limitation of any other right which the Administrative Agent, the Issuing Bank or any Lender (or any of its Affiliates) may have at law or in equity against any Borrower by virtue hereof, upon the failure of any other Borrower to pay any Guaranteed Obligation when and as the same shall become due, whether at maturity, by acceleration, after notice of prepayment or otherwise, each Borrower hereby promises to and will, upon receipt of written demand by the Administrative Agent, the Issuing Bank or any Lender (or any of its Affiliates), forthwith pay, or cause to be paid, to the Administrative Agent, the Issuing Bank or any Lender (or any of such Lender s Affiliates) in cash an amount equal to the unpaid principal amount of such Guaranteed Obligations then due, together with accrued and unpaid interest thereon. Each Borrower further agrees that if payment in respect of any Guaranteed Obligation shall be due in a currency other than Dollars and or at a place of payment other than New York, Chicago or any other Term Benchmark Payment Office and if, by reason of any Change in Law, disruption of currency or foreign exchange markets, war or civil disturbance or other event, payment of such Guaranteed Obligation in such currency or at such place of payment shall be impossible or, in the reasonable judgment of the Administrative Agent, the Issuing Bank or any Lender (or any of its Affiliates), disadvantageous to the Administrative Agent, the Issuing Bank or any Lender (or any of such Lender s Affiliates) in any material respect, then, at the election of the Administrative Agent, such Borrower shall make payment of such Guaranteed Obligation in Dollars (based upon the applicable Equivalent Amount in effect on the date of payment) and or in New York, Chicago or such other Term Benchmark Payment Office as is designated by the Administrative Agent or such Lender and, as a separate and independent obligation, shall indemnify the Administrative Agent, the Issuing Bank and any Lender (and such Lender s Affiliates) against any losses or reasonable out-of-pocket expenses that it shall sustain as a result of such alternative payment. 
 
 Upon payment by any Borrower of any sums as provided above, all rights of such Borrower against any Borrower arising as a result thereof by way of right of subrogation or otherwise shall in all respects be subordinated and junior in right of payment to the prior indefeasible payment in full in cash of all the Guaranteed Obligations owed by such Borrower to the Administrative Agent, the Issuing Bank and the Lenders (or any of such Lender s Affiliates). 
 
 Each Borrower jointly and severally hereby absolutely, unconditionally and irrevocably undertakes to provide such funds or other support as may be needed from time to time by each other Borrower to honor all of its obligations under this Article X in respect of Specified Swap Obligations (provided, however, that each Borrower shall only be liable under this paragraph for the maximum amount of such liability that can be hereby incurred without rendering its obligations under this paragraph or otherwise under this Article X voidable under applicable law relating to fraudulent conveyance or fraudulent transfer, and not for any greater amount). Each Borrower intends that this paragraph constitute, and this paragraph shall be deemed to constitute, a keepwell, support, or other agreement for the benefit of each other Borrower for all purposes of Section 1a(18)(A)(v)(II) of the Commodity Exchange Act. 
 
 Nothing shall discharge or satisfy the liability of any Borrower hereunder except the full performance and payment in cash of the Guaranteed Obligations. 

No Borrower hereunder shall be deemed to be a guarantor of any Swap Obligations if such Borrower is not an ECP, to the extent that the providing of such guaranty by such Borrower would violate the ECP Rules or any other applicable law or regulation. This paragraph shall not affect any Guaranteed Obligations other than Swap Obligations, nor shall it affect the Guaranteed Obligations of any Borrower who qualifies as an ECP. If a Swap Obligation arises under a master Swap Agreement governing more than one transaction, such exclusion shall apply only to the portion of such Swap Obligation that is attributable to transactions for which such Guarantee is or becomes illegal. 
 
 Remainder of Page Intentionally Left Blank 

</EX-10.23>

<EX-10.33>
 3
 ex-10332019plan.htm
 EX-10.33

Document 

FUNKO, INC. 2019 INCENTIVE AWARD PLAN 
 PERFORMANCE STOCK UNIT AWARD GRANT NOTICE 
 Funko, Inc., a Delaware corporation, (the Company ), pursuant to its 2019 Incentive Award Plan, as amended from time to time (the Plan ), hereby grants to the holder listed below (the Participant ), an award of performance stock units Performance Stock Units or PSUs ). Each vested Performance Stock Unit represents the right to receive, in accordance with the Performance Stock Unit Award Agreement attached hereto as Exhibit A (the Agreement ), a number of shares of Class A Common Stock (each, a Share based on the Company s achievement of certain performance goals over the applicable performance period. This award of Performance Stock Units is subject to all of the terms and conditions set forth herein and in the Agreement and the Plan, each of which are incorporated herein by reference. Unless otherwise defined herein, the terms defined in the Plan shall have the same defined meanings in this Performance Stock Unit Award Grant Notice (the Grant Notice and the Agreement. 
 Grant Number 
 _____________ 
 Participant 
 __________________________ Grant Date __________________________ Target Number of PSUs 
 _____________ 
 Vesting Schedule 
 Subject to Section 2.5 of the Agreement, the PSUs shall vest as provided in Exhibit B . 
 
 By Participant s acceptance hereof (whether written, electronic or otherwise), Participant agrees, to the fullest extent permitted by law, that in lieu of receiving documents in paper format, Participant accepts the electronic delivery of any documents the Company, or any third party involved in administering the Plan which the Company may designate, may deliver in connection with this grant (including the Plan, this Grant Notice, the Agreement, account statements, or other communications or information) whether via the Company s intranet or the Internet site of such third party or via email or such other means of electronic delivery specified by the Company. 
 By Participant s acceptance hereof (whether written, electronic or otherwise), Participant and the Company agree that the PSUs are granted under and governed by the terms and conditions of the Plan, this Grant Notice and the Agreement. 
 FUNKO, INC. PARTICIPANT By By Print Name Print Name Title Address Address 

EXHIBIT A 
 TO PERFORMANCE STOCK UNIT AWARD GRANT NOTICE 
 PERFORMANCE STOCK UNIT AWARD AGREEMENT 
 Pursuant to the Performance Stock Unit Award Grant Notice (the Grant Notice to which this Performance Stock Unit Award Agreement (this Agreement is attached, Funko, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the Company ), has granted to the Participant the number of performance stock units Performance Stock Units or PSUs set forth in the Grant Notice under the Company s 2019 Incentive Award Plan, as amended from time to time (the Plan ). Each Performance Stock Unit represents the right to receive a number of shares of Common Stock (each, a Share based on the Company s achievement of certain performance goals. Capitalized terms not specifically defined herein shall have the meanings specified in the Plan and Grant Notice. 
 ARTICLE I. GENERAL 
 1.1 Incorporation of Terms of Plan . The PSUs are subject to the terms and conditions of the Plan, which are incorporated herein by reference. In the event of any inconsistency between the Plan and this Agreement, the terms of the Plan shall control. 
 ARTICLE II. GRANT OF PERFORMANCE STOCK UNITS 
 1.1 Grant of PSUs . Pursuant to the Grant Notice and upon the terms and conditions set forth in the Plan and this Agreement, effective as of the Grant Date set forth in the Grant Notice, the Company hereby grants to the Participant an award of PSUs under the Plan in consideration of the Participant s past and or continued employment with or service to the Company or any Subsidiaries and for other good and valuable consideration. 
 1.2 Unsecured Obligation to PSUs . Each PSU constitutes the right to receive a number of Shares upon vesting, as determined in accordance with Section 2.3 and 2.6 below. Unless and until the PSUs have vested in the manner set forth in Article 2 hereof, the Participant will have no right to receive Common Stock under any such PSUs. Prior to actual payment of any vested PSUs, such PSUs will represent an unsecured obligation of the Company, payable (if at all) only from the general assets of the Company. 
 1.3 Vesting Schedule . Subject to Section 2.5 hereof, the PSUs shall vest and become non-forfeitable with respect to the applicable portion thereof in accordance with Exhibit B to the Grant Notice. 
 1.4 Consideration to the Company . In consideration of the grant of the award of PSUs pursuant hereto, the Participant agrees to render faithful and efficient services to the Company or any Subsidiary. 
 1.5 Forfeiture, Termination and Cancellation . 
 (a) Subject to subsection (b) and (c) below, upon Participant s Termination of Service for any or no reason, all Performance Stock Units which have not vested prior to or in 
 A-1 

connection with such Termination of Service shall thereupon automatically be forfeited, terminated and cancelled as of the applicable date of the Termination of Service without payment of any consideration by the Company, and the Participant, or the Participant s beneficiary or personal representative, as the case may be, shall have no further rights hereunder. 
 (b) Notwithstanding the foregoing, in the event of Participant s Termination of Service as a result of a termination by the Company without Cause or by Participant for Good Reason (each as defined in Exhibit B ), then a number of Performance Stock Units equal to such number of Performance Stock Units as would vest in accordance with Exhibit B based on actual achievement of the Net Sales and Adjusted EBITDA Margin targets as of the date of such Termination of Service, as determined by the Administrator in its discretion, shall vest as of the date of such Termination of Service. 
 (c) No portion of the PSUs which has not become vested as of the date on which the Participant incurs a Termination of Service, after giving effect to any acceleration of vesting in connection with such Termination of Service, shall thereafter become vested. 
 1.6 Settlement upon Vesting . 
 (a) As soon as administratively practicable following the vesting of any Performance Stock Units pursuant to Section 2.3 hereof, but in no event later than 60 days following the Determination Date (defined in Exhibit B ), the Company shall deliver to the Participant (or any transferee permitted under Section 3.2 hereof) a number of Shares equal to the number of vested PSUs as determined in accordance with Exhibit B . Notwithstanding the foregoing, in the event Shares cannot be issued pursuant to Section 10.4 of the Plan, the Shares shall be issued pursuant to the preceding sentence as soon as administratively practicable after the Administrator determines that Shares can again be issued in accordance with such Section. 
 (b) As set forth in Section 10.2 of the Plan, the Company shall have the authority and the right to deduct or withhold, or to require the Participant to remit to the Company, an amount sufficient to satisfy all applicable federal, state, local and foreign income and payroll taxes required by law to be withheld with respect to any taxable event arising in connection with the Performance Stock Units based on the maximum statutory withholding rates applicable to supplemental taxable income. The Company shall not be obligated to deliver any Shares to the Participant or the Participant s legal representative unless and until the Participant or the Participant s legal representative shall have paid or otherwise satisfied in full the amount of all federal, state, local and foreign taxes applicable to the taxable income of the Participant resulting from the grant or vesting of the Performance Stock Units or the issuance of Shares. 
 1.7 Conditions to Delivery of Shares . The Shares deliverable hereunder may be either previously authorized but unissued Shares, treasury Shares or issued Shares which have then been reacquired by the Company. Such Shares shall be fully paid and nonassessable. The Company shall not be required to issue Shares deliverable hereunder prior to fulfillment of the conditions set forth in Section 10.4 of the Plan. 
 1.8 Rights as Stockholder . The holder of the PSUs shall not be, nor have any of the rights or privileges of, a stockholder of the Company, including, without limitation, voting rights and rights to dividends, in respect of the PSUs and any Shares underlying the PSUs and deliverable hereunder unless and until such Shares shall have been issued by the Company and held of record by such holder (as evidenced by the appropriate entry on the books of the Company or of a duly authorized transfer agent of the Company). No adjustment shall be made for a dividend or other right for which the record date is prior to the date the Shares are issued, except as provided in Section 12.2 of the Plan. 
 A-2 

ARTICLE III. OTHER PROVISIONS 
 1.1 Administration . The Administrator shall have the power to interpret the Plan and this Agreement and to adopt such rules for the administration, interpretation and application of the Plan as are consistent therewith and to interpret, amend or revoke any such rules. All actions taken and all interpretations and determinations made by the Administrator in good faith shall be final and binding upon the Participant, the Company and all other interested persons. No member of the Administrator or the Board shall be personally liable for any action, determination or interpretation made in good faith with respect to the Plan, this Agreement or the PSUs. 
 1.2 PSUs Not Transferable . The PSUs shall be subject to the restrictions on transferability set forth in Section 10.3 of the Plan. 
 1.3 Tax Consultation . The Participant represents that the Company has not provided the Participant with any tax advice in connection with the PSUs and that the Participant is not relying on the Company for any tax advice in connection with the PSUs. 
 1.4 Binding Agreement . Subject to the limitation on the transferability of the PSUs contained herein, this Agreement will be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the heirs, legatees, legal representatives, successors and assigns of the parties hereto. 
 1.5 Adjustments Upon Specified Events . The Participant acknowledges that the PSUs are subject to adjustment, modification and termination in certain events as provided in this Agreement and Section 12.2 of the Plan. 
 1.6 Notices . Any notice to be given under the terms of this Agreement to the Company shall be addressed to the Company in care of the Secretary of the Company at the Company s principal office, and any notice to be given to the Participant shall be addressed to the Participant at the Participant s last address reflected on the Company s records. By a notice given pursuant to this Section 3.6, either party may hereafter designate a different address for notices to be given to that party. Any notice shall be deemed duly given when sent via email or when sent by certified mail (return receipt requested) and deposited (with postage prepaid) in a post office or branch post office regularly maintained by the United States Postal Service. 
 1.7 Titles . Titles are provided herein for convenience only and are not to serve as a basis for interpretation or construction of this Agreement. 
 1.8 Governing Law . The laws of the State of Delaware shall govern the interpretation, validity, administration, enforcement and performance of the terms of this Agreement regardless of the law that might be applied under principles of conflicts of laws. 
 1.9 Conformity to Securities Laws . The Participant acknowledges that the Plan and this Agreement are intended to conform to the extent necessary with all provisions of the Securities Act and the Exchange Act and any other Applicable Law. Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, the Plan shall be administered, and the PSUs are granted, only in such a manner as to conform to Applicable Law. To the extent permitted by Applicable Law, the Plan and this Agreement shall be deemed amended to the extent necessary to conform to such Applicable Law. 
 1.10 Amendment, Suspension and Termination . To the extent permitted by the Plan, this Agreement may be wholly or partially amended or otherwise modified, suspended or 
 A-3 

terminated at any time or from time to time by the Administrator or the Board provided, however, that, except as may otherwise be provided by the Plan, no amendment, modification, suspension or termination of this Agreement shall adversely affect the PSUs in any material way without the prior written consent of the Participant. 
 1.11 Successors and Assigns . The Company may assign any of its rights under this Agreement to single or multiple assignees, and this Agreement shall inure to the benefit of the successors and assigns of the Company. Subject to the restrictions on transfer herein set forth in Section 3.2 hereof, this Agreement shall be binding upon the Participant and his or her heirs, executors, administrators, successors and assigns. 
 1.12 Limitations Applicable to Section 16 Persons . Notwithstanding any other provision of the Plan or this Agreement, if the Participant is subject to Section 16 of the Exchange Act, then the Plan, the PSUs and this Agreement shall be subject to any additional limitations set forth in any applicable exemptive rule under Section 16 of the Exchange Act (including any amendment to Rule 16b-3 of the Exchange Act) that are requirements for the application of such exemptive rule. To the extent permitted by Applicable Law, this Agreement shall be deemed amended to the extent necessary to conform to such applicable exemptive rule. 
 1.13 Not a Contract of Service Relationship . Nothing in this Agreement or in the Plan shall confer upon Participant any right to continue to serve as an employee or other service provider of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries or interfere with or restrict in any way with the right of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, which rights are hereby expressly reserved, to discharge or to terminate for any reason whatsoever, with or without cause, the services of the Participant s at any time. 
 1.14 Section 409A . This Award is not intended to constitute nonqualified deferred compensation within the meaning of Section 409A of the Code (together with any Department of Treasury regulations and other interpretive guidance issued thereunder, including without limitation any such regulations or other guidance that may be issued after the date hereof, Section 409A ). However, notwithstanding any other provision of the Plan, the Grant Notice or this Agreement, if at any time the Administrator determines that this Award (or any portion thereof) may be subject to Section 409A, the Administrator shall have the right in its sole discretion (without any obligation to do so or to indemnify Participant or any other person for failure to do so) to adopt such amendments to the Plan, the Grant Notice or this Agreement, or adopt other policies and procedures (including amendments, policies and procedures with retroactive effect), or take any other actions, as the Administrator determines are necessary or appropriate for this Award either to be exempt from the application of Section 409A or to comply with the requirements of Section 409A. 
 1.15 Limitation on Participant s Rights . Participation in the Plan confers no rights or interests other than as herein provided. This Agreement creates only a contractual obligation on the part of the Company as to amounts payable and shall not be construed as creating a trust. Neither the Plan nor any underlying program, in and of itself, has any assets. The Participant shall have only the rights of a general unsecured creditor of the Company and its Subsidiaries with respect to amounts credited and benefits payable, if any, with respect to the PSUs, and rights no greater than the right to receive the Common Stock as a general unsecured creditor with respect to PSUs, as and when payable hereunder. 
 A-4 

Exhibit B 
 PERFORMANCE GOALS 
 1. Performance Achievement . The PSUs will be eligible to become earned as of the Determination Date (as defined below) based on the achievement of the applicable performance metrics set forth below. Any Shares earned with respect to the PSUs will be distributed to the Participant in accordance with Section 2.6 of the Agreement. 
 There are two performance measures, which together provide Participant with an opportunity to earn up to 200 of the Target Number of Performance Stock Units set forth on the Grant Notice, with Participant s PSUs divided equally between the two performance metrics. The first performance metric is Net Sales and the second performance metric is Adjusted EBIDTA Margin. 
 Following the end of each of 2022, 2023 and 2024, the Administrator will determine in its discretion the extent to which each of the performance criteria set below for such year have been satisfied (each such determination, the Annual Achievement ). Within a reasonable time following the end of the Performance Period (and in any event prior to the 90-day anniversary of the last day of the Performance Period), the Administrator will determine in its discretion the average Annual Achievement with respect to each of Net Sales and Adjusted EBITDA Margin over the Performance Period (the date of such determination, the Determination Date ), with the number of PSUs that shall be earned equal to the total number of Net Sales PSUs and Adjusted EBITDA Margin PSUs earned by the Participant on the Determination Date in accordance with this Exhibit B , subject to the Participant s continued service with the Company through such date. 
 2. Performance Metrics . 
 Net Sales 
 Fifty percent (50 of the total number of PSUs eligible to be earned by Participant under the Agreement shall be based on the Company s achievement of the Net Sales targets set forth below during the Performance Period (the Net Sales PSUs ). 

Performance Metric Goal 000s) 
 PSU Vesting Percentage 
 Performance Level 2022 
 2023 
 2024 
 Threshold 1,143,000 
 1,360,000 1,530,000 50 
 Target 1,345,000 
 1,600,000 1,800,000 100 
 Maximum 1,749,000 
 2,080,000 2,340,000 200 

The number of Net Sales PSUs eligible to be earned and vest will be equal to the product of (i) 50 of the Target Number of PSUs and (ii) the average PSU Vesting Percentage, as 

determined based on the Company s achievement of the applicable Net Sales targets with respect to 2022, 2023 and 2024. Performance achievement and the PSU Vesting Percentages between Threshold and Target levels and Target and Maximum levels will be determined based on linear interpolation between the applicable goals. Unless otherwise determined by the Administrator, no Net Sales PSUs shall become vested unless the average PSU Vesting Percentage for the Performance Period is equal to at least 50 . If the Company s performance achievement exceeds the Maximum level of achievement, then the number of Net Sales PSUs vested and earned will equal the number based on the PSU Vesting Percentage for the Maximum performance level. 
 Any Net Sales PSUs that have not been earned will be automatically forfeited on the Determination Date. 
 Adjusted EBITDA Margin 
 Fifty percent (50 of the total number of PSUs eligible to be earned by Participant under the Agreement shall be based on the Company s achievement of the Adjusted EBITDA Margin targets set forth below during the Performance Period (the Adjusted EBITDA Margin PSUs ). 
 
 Performance Metric Goal ) 
 PSU Vesting Percentage 
 Performance Level 2022 
 2023 
 2024 
 Threshold 15.0 
 16.0 17.0 50 
 Target 15.5 
 16.5 17.5 100 
 Maximum 16.5 
 17.5 18.5 200 

The number of Adjusted EBITDA Margin PSUs eligible to be earned and vest will be equal to the product of (i) 50 of the Target Number of PSUs and (ii) the average PSU Vesting Percentage, as determined based on the Company s achievement of the applicable Adjusted EBITDA Margin targets with respect to 2022, 2023 and 2024. Performance achievement and the PSU Vesting Percentages between Threshold and Target levels and Target and Maximum levels will be determined based on linear interpolation between the applicable goals. Unless otherwise determined by the Administrator, no Adjusted EBITDA Margin PSUs shall become vested unless the average PSU Vesting Percentage for the Performance Period is equal to at least 50 . If the Company s performance achievement exceeds the Maximum level of achievement, then the number of Adjusted EBITDA Margin PSUs vested and earned will equal the number based on the PSU Vesting Percentage for the Maximum performance level. 
 Any Adjusted EBITDA Margin PSUs that have not been earned will be automatically forfeited on the Determination Date. 
 3. Definitions . 
 a. Adjusted EBITDA is defined as EBITDA further adjusted for non-cash charges related to equity-based compensation programs, acquisition transaction costs and 

other expenses, certain severance, relocation and related costs, foreign currency transaction losses and other unusual or one-time items. 
 b. Adjusted EBITDA Margin is defined as Adjusted EBITDA divided by Net Sales. 
 c. Cause shall mean Cause as defined in such Participant s employment or service agreement with the Company or an affiliate thereof, or, if no such agreement exists or such agreement does not contain a definition of Cause, then Cause shall mean (a) gross neglect or willful misconduct by Participant of Participant s duties or Participant s willful failure to carry out, or comply with, in any material respect any lawful and reasonable directive of the Board (b) conviction of Participant of, or Participant s plea of no contest, plea of nolo contendere or imposition of adjudicated probation with respect to, any felony or crime involving moral turpitude or Participant s indictment for any felony or crime involving moral turpitude provided if Participant is terminated following such indictment but is found not guilty or the indictment is dismissed, the termination shall be deemed to be a termination without Cause (c) Participant s habitual unlawful use (including being under the influence) or possession of illegal drugs on the Company s premises or while performing Participant s duties and responsibilities (d) Participant s commission at any time of any act of fraud, embezzlement, misappropriation, material misconduct, or breach of fiduciary duty against the Company (or any predecessor thereto or successor thereof) or (e) Participant s material breach of any confidentiality, non-compete or non-solicitation covenants. 
 d. EBITDA is defined as net income before interest expense, net, income tax expense, depreciation and amortization. 
 e. Good Reason shall mean Good Reason as defined in such Participant s employment or service agreement with the Company or an affiliate thereof, or, if no such agreement exists or such agreement does not contain a definition of Good Reason, then Good Reason shall mean (a) a material adverse change in Participant s title or reporting line or material duties, authorities or responsibilities, as determined by the Board (provided, that Participant s title, reporting line or material duties, authorities or responsibilities shall not be deemed to be materially adversely changed solely because the Company (or its successor) is no longer an independently operatedpublic entity or becomes a subsidiary of another entity) (b) a material reduction of Participant s base Salary or benefits or target bonus opportunity (other than such a reduction that is generally consistent with a general reduction affecting the Company s other similarly situated employees) (c) failure by the Company to pay any portion of Participant s earned base Salary or bonus or (d) the Company s requiring Participant to be headquartered at any office or location more than 50 miles from Participant s primary work location as of the date of this Agreement, provided that in the case of all the above events, Participant may not resign from his or her employment for Good Reason unless Participant provides the Company written notice within 90 days after the initial occurrence of the event and at least 60 days prior to the date of termination, and the Company has not corrected the event prior to the date of termination. 
 f. Net Sales is defined as gross product sales, license and royalty income and shipping income, net of sales and promotional allowances as well as damage and defects and customer account adjustments . 

g. Performance Period means the period beginning on January 1, 2022 and ending on December 31, 2024. 

</EX-10.33>

<EX-10.34>
 4
 ex-10342019plan.htm
 EX-10.34

Document 

FUNKO, INC. 2019 INCENTIVE AWARD PLAN 
 PERFORMANCE STOCK UNIT AWARD GRANT NOTICE FOR UK EMPLOYEES 
 Funko, Inc., a Delaware corporation, (the Company ), pursuant to its 2019 Incentive Award Plan, as amended from time to time (the Plan ), hereby grants to the holder listed below (the Participant ), an award of performance stock units Performance Stock Units or PSUs ). Each vested Performance Stock Unit represents the right to receive, in accordance with the Performance Stock Unit Award Agreement for UK Employees attached hereto as Exhibit A (the Agreement ), a number of shares of Class A Common Stock (each, a Share based on the Company s achievement of certain performance goals over the applicable performance period. This award of Performance Stock Units is subject to all of the terms and conditions set forth herein and in the Agreement and the Plan, each of which are incorporated herein by reference. Unless otherwise defined herein, the terms defined in the Plan shall have the same defined meanings in this Performance Stock Unit Award Grant Notice (the Grant Notice and the Agreement. 
 The Agreement, together with the Grant Notice, forms the rules of the employee share scheme applicable to the United Kingdom based Employees of the Company and any Subsidiary. All awards granted to Employees of the Company and any Subsidiary who are based in the United Kingdom will be granted on similar terms. The Agreement incorporates the terms of the Plan with the exception that in the United Kingdom only Employees of the Company and Subsidiaries are eligible to be granted PSUs. Other service providers who are not Employees are not eligible to receive PSUs in the United Kingdom under this employee share scheme. 
 Grant Number 
 _____________ 
 Participant 
 __________________________ Grant Date __________________________ Target Number of PSUs 
 _____________ 
 Vesting Schedule 
 Subject to Section 2.5 of the Agreement, the PSUs shall vest as provided in Exhibit B . 
 
 By Participant s acceptance hereof (whether written, electronic or otherwise), Participant agrees, to the fullest extent permitted by law, that in lieu of receiving documents in paper format, Participant accepts the electronic delivery of any documents the Company, or any third party involved in administering the Plan which the Company may designate, may deliver in connection with this grant (including the Plan, this Grant Notice, the Agreement, account statements, or other communications or information) whether via the Company s intranet or the Internet site of such third party or via email or such other means of electronic delivery specified by the Company. 
 By Participant s acceptance hereof (whether written, electronic or otherwise), Participant and the Company agree that the PSUs are granted under and governed by the terms and conditions of the Plan, this Grant Notice and the Agreement. 

FUNKO, INC. PARTICIPANT By By Print Name Print Name Title Address Address 

EXHIBIT A 
 TO PERFORMANCE STOCK UNIT AWARD GRANT NOTICE 
 PERFORMANCE STOCK UNIT AWARD AGREEMENT FOR UK EMPLOYEES 
 Pursuant to the Performance Stock Unit Award Grant Notice (the Grant Notice to which this Performance Stock Unit Award Agreement (this Agreement is attached, Funko, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the Company ), has granted to the Participant the number of performance stock units Performance Stock Units or PSUs set forth in the Grant Notice under the Company s 2019 Incentive Award Plan, as amended from time to time (the Plan ). Each Performance Stock Unit represents the right to receive a number of shares of Common Stock (each, a Share based on the Company s achievement of certain performance goals. Capitalized terms not specifically defined herein shall have the meanings specified in the Plan and Grant Notice. 
 ARTICLE I. GENERAL 
 1.1 Incorporation of Terms of Plan . The PSUs are subject to the terms and conditions of the Plan, which are incorporated herein by reference, save that reference to Employee when used in the Plan (as incorporated into the Agreement) shall mean any person, including officers and Directors, employed by the Company or any parent or Subsidiary of the Company , and reference to Eligible Individual when used in the Plan (as incorporated into the Agreement) shall mean Employee only and shall not include other service providers. Except in relation to the definitions of Employee and Eligible Individual , in the event of any inconsistency between the Plan and this Agreement, the terms of the Plan shall control. 
 ARTICLE II. GRANT OF PERFORMANCE STOCK UNITS 
 1.1 Grant of PSUs . Pursuant to the Grant Notice and upon the terms and conditions set forth in the Plan and this Agreement, effective as of the Grant Date set forth in the Grant Notice, the Company hereby grants to the Participant an award of PSUs under the Plan in consideration of the Participant s past and or continued employment with the Company or any Subsidiaries and for other good and valuable consideration. 
 1.2 Unsecured Obligation to PSUs . Each PSU constitutes the right to receive a number of Shares upon vesting, as determined in accordance with Section 2.3 and 2.6 below. Unless and until the PSUs have vested in the manner set forth in Article 2 hereof, the Participant will have no right to receive Common Stock under any such PSUs. Prior to actual payment of any vested PSUs, such PSUs will represent an unsecured obligation of the Company, payable (if at all) only from the general assets of the Company. 
 1.3 Vesting Schedule . Subject to Section 2.5 hereof, the PSUs shall vest and become non-forfeitable with respect to the applicable portion thereof in accordance with Exhibit B to the Grant Notice. 
 1.4 Consideration to the Company . In consideration of the grant of the award of PSUs pursuant hereto, the Participant agrees to render faithful and efficient service as an Employee to the Company or any Subsidiary. 
 A-1 

1.5 Forfeiture, Termination and Cancellation . 
 (a) Subject to subsection (b) and (c) below, upon Participant s Termination of Service for any or no reason, all Performance Stock Units which have not vested prior to or in connection with such Termination of Service shall thereupon automatically be forfeited, terminated and cancelled as of the applicable date of the Termination of Service without payment of any consideration by the Company, and the Participant, or the Participant s beneficiary or personal representative, as the case may be, shall have no further rights hereunder. 
 (b) Notwithstanding the foregoing, in the event of Participant s Termination of Service as a result of a termination by the Company without Cause or by Participant for Good Reason (each as defined in Exhibit B ), then a number of Performance Stock Units equal to such number of Performance Stock Units as would vest in accordance with Exhibit B based on actual achievement of the Net Sales and Adjusted EBITDA Margin targets as of the date of such Termination of Service, as determined by the Administrator in its discretion, shall vest as of the date of such Termination of Service. 
 (c) No portion of the PSUs which has not become vested as of the date on which the Participant incurs a Termination of Service, after giving effect to any acceleration of vesting in connection with such Termination of Service, shall thereafter become vested. 
 1.6 Settlement upon Vesting . 
 (a) As soon as administratively practicable following the vesting of any Performance Stock Units pursuant to Section 2.3 hereof, but in no event later than 60 days following the Determination Date (defined in Exhibit B ), the Company shall deliver to the Participant (or any transferee permitted under Section 3.2 hereof) a number of Shares equal to the number of vested PSUs as determined in accordance with Exhibit B . Notwithstanding the foregoing, in the event Shares cannot be issued pursuant to Section 10.4 of the Plan, the Shares shall be issued pursuant to the preceding sentence as soon as administratively practicable after the Administrator determines that Shares can again be issued in accordance with such Section. 
 (b) As set forth in Section 10.2 of the Plan, the Company shall have the authority and the right to deduct or withhold, or to require the Participant to remit to the Company, an amount sufficient to satisfy all applicable federal, state, local and foreign income and payroll taxes required by law to be withheld with respect to any taxable event arising in connection with the Performance Stock Units based on the maximum statutory withholding rates applicable to supplemental taxable income. The Company shall not be obligated to deliver any Shares to the Participant or the Participant s legal representative unless and until the Participant or the Participant s legal representative shall have paid or otherwise satisfied in full the amount of all federal, state, local and foreign taxes applicable to the taxable income of the Participant resulting from the grant or vesting of the Performance Stock Units or the issuance of Shares. 
 1.7 Conditions to Delivery of Shares . The Shares deliverable hereunder may be either previously authorized but unissued Shares, treasury Shares or issued Shares which have then been reacquired by the Company. Such Shares shall be fully paid and nonassessable. The 
 A-2 

Company shall not be required to issue Shares deliverable hereunder prior to fulfillment of the conditions set forth in Section 10.4 of the Plan. 
 1.8 UK Tax Provisions . Without prejudice to Section 2.6(b) of this Agreement or Section 10.2 of the Plan 
 (a) Participant agrees to indemnify and keep indemnified the Company and any Subsidiary including his her employing company Employer from and against any liability for or obligation to pay any Tax Liability (a Tax Liability being any liability for income tax, employee s National Insurance contributions and (at the discretion of the Company and where lawful) employer s National Insurance Contributions (or other similar obligations to pay tax and social security wherever in the world arising) that is attributable to (1) the grant, vesting or settlement of, or any benefit derived by Participant from, the PSUs or the Shares which are the subject of the PSUs, (2) the transfer or issue of Shares to Participant on settlement of the PSUs or any other benefit on vesting or settlement of the PSUs, (3) any restrictions applicable to the Shares held by the Participant ceasing to apply to those shares, or (4) the disposal of any Shares (each of those events referred to as a Taxable Event )). 
 (b) Participant undertakes that, upon request by the Company, he she will join with his her Employer in electing, pursuant to Section 431(1) of the Income Tax (Earnings and Pensions) Act 2003 ITEPA that, for relevant tax purposes, the market value of the Shares acquired on settlement of the PSUs on any occasion will be calculated as if the Shares were not restricted and Sections 425 to 430 (inclusive) of ITEPA are not to apply to such Shares. 
 (c) Participant agrees that if Participant does not pay or his her Employer or the Company does not withhold from Participant the full amount of any Tax Liability within 90 days after the end of the tax year in which the Taxable Event occurred, or such other period specified in Section 222(1)(c) of ITPEA, then the amount that should have been withheld shall constitute a loan owed by Participant to the Employer, effective 90 days after the end of the tax year in which the Taxable Event occurred. Participant agrees that the loan will bear interest at the HMRC s official rate and will be immediately due and repayable by Participant, and the Company and or the Employer may recover it at any time thereafter by (i) withholding the funds from salary, bonus or any other funds due to Participant by the Employer (ii) withholding in Shares issued upon vesting and settlement of the PSUs or from the cash proceeds from the sale of Shares or (iii) demanding cash or a cheque from Participant. Participant also authorizes the Company to delay the issuance of any Shares to Participant unless and until the loan is repaid in full. 
 (d) Notwithstanding the foregoing, if Participant is an officer or executive director (as within the meaning of Section 13(k) of the U.S. Securities and Exchange Act of 1934, as amended), the terms of the immediately foregoing provision will not apply. In the event that Participant is an officer or executive director and the Tax Liability is not collected from or paid by Participant within 90 days of the end of the tax year in which the Taxable Event occurred, the amount of any uncollected Tax Liability may constitute a benefit to Participant on which additional income tax and National Insurance contributions may be payable. Participant acknowledges that the Company or the Employer may recover any such additional income tax and national insurance contributions at any time thereafter by any of the means referred to in Section 2.6(b) of this Agreement or Section 10.2 of the Plan. 
 1.9 Rights as Stockholder . The holder of the PSUs shall not be, nor have any of the rights or privileges of, a stockholder of the Company, including, without limitation, voting rights and rights to dividends, in respect of the PSUs and any Shares underlying the PSUs and deliverable hereunder unless and until such Shares shall have been issued by the Company and held of record by such holder (as evidenced by the appropriate entry on the books of the 
 A-3 

Company or of a duly authorized transfer agent of the Company). No adjustment shall be made for a dividend or other right for which the record date is prior to the date the Shares are issued, except as provided in Section 12.2 of the Plan. 
 ARTICLE III. OTHER PROVISIONS 
 1.1 Administration . The Administrator shall have the power to interpret the Plan and this Agreement and to adopt such rules for the administration, interpretation and application of the Plan as are consistent therewith and to interpret, amend or revoke any such rules. All actions taken and all interpretations and determinations made by the Administrator in good faith shall be final and binding upon the Participant, the Company and all other interested persons. No member of the Administrator or the Board shall be personally liable for any action, determination or interpretation made in good faith with respect to the Plan, this Agreement or the PSUs. 
 1.2 PSUs Not Transferable . The PSUs shall be subject to the restrictions on transferability set forth in Section 10.3 of the Plan. 
 1.3 Tax Consultation . The Participant represents that the Company has not provided the Participant with any tax advice in connection with the PSUs and that the Participant is not relying on the Company for any tax advice in connection with the PSUs. 
 1.4 Binding Agreement . Subject to the limitation on the transferability of the PSUs contained herein, this Agreement will be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the heirs, legatees, legal representatives, successors and assigns of the parties hereto. 
 1.5 Adjustments Upon Specified Events . The Participant acknowledges that the PSUs are subject to adjustment, modification and termination in certain events as provided in this Agreement and Section 12.2 of the Plan. 
 1.6 Notices . Any notice to be given under the terms of this Agreement to the Company shall be addressed to the Company in care of the Secretary of the Company at the Company s principal office, and any notice to be given to the Participant shall be addressed to the Participant at the Participant s last address reflected on the Company s records. By a notice given pursuant to this Section 3.6, either party may hereafter designate a different address for notices to be given to that party. Any notice shall be deemed duly given when sent via email or when sent by certified mail (return receipt requested) and deposited (with postage prepaid) in a post office or branch post office regularly maintained by the relevant postal pervice. 
 1.7 Titles . Titles are provided herein for convenience only and are not to serve as a basis for interpretation or construction of this Agreement. 
 1.8 Governing Law . The laws of the State of Delaware shall govern the interpretation, validity, administration, enforcement and performance of the terms of this Agreement regardless of the law that might be applied under principles of conflicts of laws. 
 1.9 Conformity to Securities Laws . The Participant acknowledges that the Plan and this Agreement are intended to conform to the extent necessary with all provisions of the Securities Act and the Exchange Act and any other Applicable Law. Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, the Plan shall be administered, and the PSUs are granted, only in such a manner as to conform to Applicable Law. To the extent permitted by Applicable Law, the Plan 
 A-4 

and this Agreement shall be deemed amended to the extent necessary to conform to such Applicable Law. 
 1.10 Amendment, Suspension and Termination . To the extent permitted by the Plan, this Agreement may be wholly or partially amended or otherwise modified, suspended or terminated at any time or from time to time by the Administrator or the Board provided, however, that, except as may otherwise be provided by the Plan, no amendment, modification, suspension or termination of this Agreement shall adversely affect the PSUs in any material way without the prior written consent of the Participant. 
 1.11 Successors and Assigns . The Company may assign any of its rights under this Agreement to single or multiple assignees, and this Agreement shall inure to the benefit of the successors and assigns of the Company. Subject to the restrictions on transfer herein set forth in Section 3.2 hereof, this Agreement shall be binding upon the Participant and his or her heirs, executors, administrators, successors and assigns. 
 1.12 Limitations Applicable to Section 16 Persons . Notwithstanding any other provision of the Plan or this Agreement, if the Participant is subject to Section 16 of the Exchange Act, then the Plan, the PSUs and this Agreement shall be subject to any additional limitations set forth in any applicable exemptive rule under Section 16 of the Exchange Act (including any amendment to Rule 16b-3 of the Exchange Act) that are requirements for the application of such exemptive rule. To the extent permitted by Applicable Law, this Agreement shall be deemed amended to the extent necessary to conform to such applicable exemptive rule. 
 1.13 Not a Contract of Service Relationship . Nothing in this Agreement or in the Plan shall confer upon Participant any right to continue to serve as an employee of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries or interfere with or restrict in any way with the right of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, which rights are hereby expressly reserved, to discharge or to terminate for any reason whatsoever, with or without cause, the employment of the Participant s at any time. 
 1.14 Section 409A . This Award is not intended to constitute nonqualified deferred compensation within the meaning of Section 409A of the Code (together with any Department of Treasury regulations and other interpretive guidance issued thereunder, including without limitation any such regulations or other guidance that may be issued after the date hereof, Section 409A ). However, notwithstanding any other provision of the Plan, the Grant Notice or this Agreement, if at any time the Administrator determines that this Award (or any portion thereof) may be subject to Section 409A, the Administrator shall have the right in its sole discretion (without any obligation to do so or to indemnify Participant or any other person for failure to do so) to adopt such amendments to the Plan, the Grant Notice or this Agreement, or adopt other policies and procedures (including amendments, policies and procedures with retroactive effect), or take any other actions, as the Administrator determines are necessary or appropriate for this Award either to be exempt from the application of Section 409A or to comply with the requirements of Section 409A. 
 1.15 Limitation on Participant s Rights . Participation in the Plan confers no rights or interests other than as herein provided. This Agreement creates only a contractual obligation on the part of the Company as to amounts payable and shall not be construed as creating a trust. Neither the Plan nor any underlying program, in and of itself, has any assets. The Participant shall have only the rights of a general unsecured creditor of the Company and its Subsidiaries with respect to amounts credited and benefits payable, if any, with respect to the PSUs, and rights no greater than the right to receive the Common Stock as a general unsecured creditor with respect to PSUs, as and when payable hereunder. 
 A-5 

1.16 Data Protection . The Company Group will collect and process information relating to UK based Employees in accordance with the privacy notice which is made available to such Employees. 
 
 A-6 

Exhibit B 
 PERFORMANCE GOALS 
 1. Performance Achievement . The PSUs will be eligible to become earned as of the Determination Date (as defined below) based on the achievement of the applicable performance metrics set forth below. Any Shares earned with respect to the PSUs will be distributed to the Participant in accordance with Section 2.6 of the Agreement. 
 There are two performance measures, which together provide Participant with an opportunity to earn up to 200 of the Target Number of Performance Stock Units set forth on the Grant Notice, with Participant s PSUs divided equally between the two performance metrics. The first performance metric is Net Sales and the second performance metric is Adjusted EBIDTA Margin. 
 Following the end of each of 2022, 2023 and 2024, the Administrator will determine in its discretion the extent to which each of the performance criteria set below for such year have been satisfied (each such determination, the Annual Achievement ). Within a reasonable time following the end of the Performance Period (and in any event prior to the 90-day anniversary of the last day of the Performance Period), the Administrator will determine in its discretion the average Annual Achievement with respect to each of Net Sales and Adjusted EBITDA Margin over the Performance Period (the date of such determination, the Determination Date ), with the number of PSUs that shall be earned equal to the total number of Net Sales PSUs and Adjusted EBITDA Margin PSUs earned by the Participant on the Determination Date in accordance with this Exhibit B , subject to the Participant s continued service with the Company through such date. 
 2. Performance Metrics . 
 Net Sales 
 Fifty percent (50 of the total number of PSUs eligible to be earned by Participant under the Agreement shall be based on the Company s achievement of the Net Sales targets set forth below during the Performance Period (the Net Sales PSUs ). 

Performance Metric Goal 000s) 
 PSU Vesting Percentage 
 Performance Level 2022 
 2023 
 2024 
 Threshold 1,143,000 
 1,360,000 1,530,000 50 
 Target 1,345,000 
 1,600,000 1,800,000 100 
 Maximum 1,749,000 
 2,080,000 2,340,000 200 

The number of Net Sales PSUs eligible to be earned and vest will be equal to the product of (i) 50 of the Target Number of PSUs and (ii) the average PSU Vesting Percentage, as 

determined based on the Company s achievement of the applicable Net Sales targets with respect to 2022, 2023 and 2024. Performance achievement and the PSU Vesting Percentages between Threshold and Target levels and Target and Maximum levels will be determined based on linear interpolation between the applicable goals. Unless otherwise determined by the Administrator, no Net Sales PSUs shall become vested unless the average PSU Vesting Percentage for the Performance Period is equal to at least 50 . If the Company s performance achievement exceeds the Maximum level of achievement, then the number of Net Sales PSUs vested and earned will equal the number based on the PSU Vesting Percentage for the Maximum performance level. 
 Any Net Sales PSUs that have not been earned will be automatically forfeited on the Determination Date. 
 Adjusted EBITDA Margin 
 Fifty percent (50 of the total number of PSUs eligible to be earned by Participant under the Agreement shall be based on the Company s achievement of the Adjusted EBITDA Margin targets set forth below during the Performance Period (the Adjusted EBITDA Margin PSUs ). 
 
 Performance Metric Goal ) 
 PSU Vesting Percentage 
 Performance Level 2022 
 2023 
 2024 
 Threshold 15.0 
 16.0 17.0 50 
 Target 15.5 
 16.5 17.5 100 
 Maximum 16.5 
 17.5 18.5 200 

The number of Adjusted EBITDA Margin PSUs eligible to be earned and vest will be equal to the product of (i) 50 of the Target Number of PSUs and (ii) the average PSU Vesting Percentage, as determined based on the Company s achievement of the applicable Adjusted EBITDA Margin targets with respect to 2022, 2023 and 2024. Performance achievement and the PSU Vesting Percentages between Threshold and Target levels and Target and Maximum levels will be determined based on linear interpolation between the applicable goals. Unless otherwise determined by the Administrator, no Adjusted EBITDA Margin PSUs shall become vested unless the average PSU Vesting Percentage for the Performance Period is equal to at least 50 . If the Company s performance achievement exceeds the Maximum level of achievement, then the number of Adjusted EBITDA Margin PSUs vested and earned will equal the number based on the PSU Vesting Percentage for the Maximum performance level. 
 Any Adjusted EBITDA Margin PSUs that have not been earned will be automatically forfeited on the Determination Date. 
 3. Definitions . 
 a. Adjusted EBITDA is defined as EBITDA further adjusted for non-cash charges related to equity-based compensation programs, acquisition transaction costs and 

other expenses, certain severance, relocation and related costs, foreign currency transaction losses and other unusual or one-time items. 
 b. Adjusted EBITDA Margin is defined as Adjusted EBITDA divided by Net Sales. 
 c. Cause shall mean Cause as defined in such Participant s employment or service agreement with the Company or an affiliate thereof, or, if no such agreement exists or such agreement does not contain a definition of Cause, then Cause shall mean (a) gross neglect or willful misconduct by Participant of Participant s duties or Participant s willful failure to carry out, or comply with, in any material respect any lawful and reasonable directive of the Board (b) conviction of Participant of a criminal offence (other than in connection with a traffic violation that does not result in imprisonment) (c) Participant s habitual unlawful use (including being under the influence) or possession of illegal drugs on the Company s premises or while performing Participant s duties and responsibilities (d) Participant s commission at any time of any act of fraud, embezzlement, misappropriation, material misconduct, or breach of fiduciary duty against the Company (or any predecessor thereto or successor thereof) or (e) Participant s material breach of any confidentiality, non-compete or non-solicitation covenants. 
 d. EBITDA is defined as net income before interest expense, net, income tax expense, depreciation and amortization. 
 e. Good Reason shall mean Good Reason as defined in such Participant s employment or service agreement with the Company or an affiliate thereof, or, if no such agreement exists or such agreement does not contain a definition of Good Reason, then Good Reason shall mean (a) a material adverse change in Participant s title or reporting line or material duties, authorities or responsibilities, as determined by the Board (provided, that Participant s title, reporting line or material duties, authorities or responsibilities shall not be deemed to be materially adversely changed solely because the Company (or its successor) is no longer an independently operated public entity or becomes a subsidiary of another entity) (b) a material reduction of Participant s base Salary or benefits or target bonus opportunity (other than such a reduction that is generally consistent with a general reduction affecting the Company s other similarly situated employees) (c) failure by the Company to pay any portion of Participant s earned base Salary or bonus or (d) the Company s requiring Participant to be headquartered at any office or location more than 50 miles from Participant s primary work location as of the date of this Agreement, provided that in the case of all the above events, Participant may not resign from his or her employment for Good Reason unless Participant provides the Company written notice within 90 days after the initial occurrence of the event and at least 60 days prior to the date of termination, and the Company has not corrected the event prior to the date of termination. 
 f. Net Sales is defined as gross product sales, license and royalty income and shipping income, net of sales and promotional allowances as well as damage and defects and customer account adjustments . 
 g. Performance Period means the period beginning on January 1, 2022 and ending on December 31, 2024. 

</EX-10.34>

<EX-10.35>
 5
 ex-10352022.htm
 EX-10.35

Document 

Execution Version 
 
 EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT 
 
 THIS EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT (this Agreement is made and entered into effective as of the 27 th day of February 2023 (the Effective Date ), by and between Steve Nave, a Minnesota resident Employee ), and Funko, Inc., a Delaware corporation (any of its affiliates as may employ the Employee from time to time, and any successor(s) thereto, the Company ). 
 
 RECITALS 
 
 WHEREAS, the Company desires to enter into this Agreement with Employee, pursuant to which the Company will employ Employee on the terms and conditions set forth in this Agreement, and Employee desires to be employed by the Company pursuant to the terms and conditions of this Agreement. 
 
 NOW , THEREFORE , for good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which is hereby acknowledged, the parties agree as follows 
 
 1. Employment . The Company agrees to employ Employee on the terms and conditions set forth in this Agreement, and Employee accepts such employment and agrees to perform the services and duties for the Company as herein provided for the period and upon the other terms and conditions set forth in this Agreement. 
 
 2. Term . Unless earlier terminated pursuant to the terms of Section 7 hereof, subject to Employee s delivery of documentation sufficient to satisfy the requirements of the Immigration Reform and Control Act of 1986, Employee shall be employed by the Company for the period commencing as of the Effective Date and ending on the third (3 rd anniversary of the Effective Date (the Initial Term ), subject to automatic renewal periods for up to two additional one (1)- year periods, unless either party provides the other party with ninety (90) days advance written notice prior to the end of the Initial Term or any such renewal period, as applicable, of such party s intent not to renew (the Initial Term and any such renewal period, the Term ). 
 
 3. Position and Duties . 
 
 3.01 Title . During the Term, Employee agrees to serve as the Company s Chief Financial Officer and Chief Operating Officer. 
 
 3.02 Location Duties . During the Term, Employee s primary workplace shall be the Executive s home or home office in Minnesota, except for usual and customary travel on the Company s business. During the Term, Employee agrees to serve the Company, and Employee will faithfully and to the best of his ability discharge the duties associated with his position and will devote substantially all of his time during business hours for the Company and to the business and affairs of the Company, its direct and indirect subsidiaries and its affiliates. Employee hereby confirms that during the Term, he will not render or perform services for any other corporation, firm, entity or person. Employee recognizes that he will be required to travel to perform certain of his duties. Employee shall report to, and be subject to the direction of, the Company s Chief Executive Officer, or if determined by the Board of Directors (the Board ), the Board. 
 
 1 

Notwithstanding the foregoing, Employee shall be permitted to continue to serve on the board of directors or advisory boards of the companies organizations as set forth on Exhibit A , and to participate in, and be involved with, such community, educational, charitable, professional, and religious organizations so long as such participation does not, in the judgment of the Board interfere with the performance of or create a potential conflict with Employee s duties hereunder. 
 
 4. Compensation . 
 
 4.01 Base Salary . During the Term, the Company shall pay to Employee a base annual salary of seven hundred fifty thousand dollars 750,000) Base Salary ), which salary shall be paid in accordance with the Company s normal payroll procedures and policies. 
 
 4.02 Annual Bonus . During the Term, Employee shall be eligible to receive a bonus pursuant to an annual performance based incentive compensation program to be established by the Board, with Employee s annual target to be no less than 75 of Employee s then Base Salary (pro-rated for any partial bonus years ending during the Term) provided, however, that the Company reserves the right to establish a lesser target if done in good faith and as a result of Company s legitimate business needs. Notwithstanding the preceding sentence, Employee s bonus, if any, may be below (including zero), at, or above, the annual target based upon the achievement of the performance objectives, as determined by the Company in its sole discretion, and payment of any bonus described in this Section 4.02 shall be according to the established plan and subject to Employee s continued employment by the Company through the date the bonus is paid pursuant to the annual performance based incentive compensation program. With respect to any bonus year during the Term, the Board or a committee thereof may in its discretion establish a maximum payout level, in excess of the annual target,of up to 150 of Employee s then Base Salary to be payable to Employee to the extent that actual performance exceeds the performance objectives. 
 
 4.03 Benefits . During the Term, Employee may participate in all employee benefit plans or programs of the Company consistent with such plans and programs of the Company. The Company does not guarantee the adoption or continuance of any particular employee benefit plan or program during the Term, and Employee s participation in any such plan or program shall be subject to the provisions, rules and regulations applicable thereto. 
 
 4.04 Expenses Contributions . During the Term, the Company agrees to reimburse all reasonable business expenses incurred by Employee consistent with the Company s policies regarding reimbursement in the performance of Employee s duties under this Agreement. 
 
 4.05 Equity Awards . Following the Effective Date, the Employee shall be eligible to participate in the Company s equity incentive plan then in effect and receive equity awards thereunder, as determined by the Board or a committee thereof in its sole discretion and subject to the terms of the Company s equity incentive plan then in effect and an applicable award agreement. 
 
 4.06 Paid Time Off . During the Term, Employee shall be entitled to vacation, sick leave and holidays in accordance with the policy of the Company as to its senior executives. 
 
 2 

4.07 Indemnification and Additional Insurance . The Company shall indemnify Employee with respect to matters relating to Employee s services as an officer of the Company or any of its affiliates, occurring during the course and scope of Employee s employment with the Company to the extent required by, and pursuant to the provisions in the, Delaware law. The Company will also cover Employee under a policy of officers and directors liability insurance providing coverage that is comparable to that provided now. 
 
 5. Confidential Information and Proprietary Information . 
 
 5.01 Confidential Information . During the Term and at all times thereafter, Employee shall not divulge, furnish or make accessible to anyone or use in any way (other than in the ordinary course of the business of the Company or any of its affiliates) any confidential or secret knowledge or information of the Company or any of its affiliates which Employee has acquired or become acquainted with prior to the termination of the period of his employment by the Company (including employment by the Company or any affiliated companies prior to the date of this Agreement), whether developed by himself or by others, including, without limitation, any trade secrets, confidential or secret designs, processes, formulae, plans, devices or material (whether or not patented or patentable) directly or indirectly useful in any aspect of the business of the Company or any of its affiliates, any customer or supplier lists of the Company or any of its affiliates, any confidential or secret development or research work of the Company or any of its affiliates, or any other confidential information or secret aspect of the business of the Company or any of its affiliates (collectively, Confidential Information ). Employee acknowledges that (a) the Company and its affiliates have expended and shall continue to expend substantial amounts of time, money and effort to develop business strategies, employee and customer relationships and goodwill and build an effective organization, (b) Employee is and shall become familiar with the Company s and its affiliates Confidential Information, including trade secrets, and that Employee s services are of special, unique and extraordinary value to the Company and its affiliates, (c) the above-described knowledge or information constitutes a unique and valuable asset of the Company and its affiliates and the Company and its affiliates have a legitimate business interest and right in protecting its Confidential Information, business strategies, employee and customer relationships and goodwill and (d) any disclosure or other use of such knowledge or information other than for the sole benefit of the Company and any of its affiliates would be wrongful and would cause irreparable harm to the Company and any of its affiliates. However, the foregoing shall not apply to any knowledge or information which is now published or which subsequently becomes generally publicly known in the form in which it was obtained from the Company or any of its affiliates, other than as a direct or indirect result of the breach of this Agreement by Employee. 
 
 5.02 Proprietary Information . (a) Employee agrees that the results and proceeds of Employee s services for the Company or its affiliates (including, but not limited to, any trade secrets, products, services, processes, know-how, designs, developments, innovations, analyses, drawings, reports, techniques, formulas, methods, developmental or experimental work, improvements, discoveries, inventions, ideas, source and object codes, programs, matters of a literary, musical, dramatic or otherwise creative nature, writings and other works of authorship) resulting from services performed while an employee of the Company and any works in progress, whether or not patentable or registrable under copyright or similar statutes, that were made, 
 3 

developed, conceived or reduced to practice or learned by Employee, either alone or jointly with others (collectively, Inventions ), shall be works-made-for-hire and the Company (or, if applicable or as directed by the Company or any of its affiliates) shall be deemed the sole owner throughout the universe of any and all trade secret, patent, copyright and other intellectual property rights (collectively, Proprietary Rights of whatsoever nature therein, whether or not now or hereafter known, existing, contemplated, recognized or developed, with the right to use the same in perpetuity in any manner the Company determines in its sole discretion, without any further payment to Employee whatsoever. If, for any reason, any of such results and proceeds shall not legally be a work-made-for-hire and or there are any Proprietary Rights which do not accrue to the Company (or, as the case may be, any of its affiliates) under the immediately preceding sentence, then Employee hereby irrevocably assigns and agrees to assign any and all of Employee s right, title and interest thereto, including any and all Proprietary Rights of whatsoever nature therein, whether or not now or hereafter known, existing, contemplated, recognized or developed, to the Company (or, if applicable or as directed by the Company or any of its affiliates), and the Company or its affiliates shall have the right to use the same in perpetuity throughout the universe in any manner determined by the Company or such affiliates without any further payment to Employee whatsoever. As to any Invention that Employee is required to assign, Employee shall promptly and fully disclose to the Company all information known to Employee concerning such Invention. 
 
 (b) Employee agrees that, from time to time, as may be requested by the Company and at the Company s sole cost and expense, Employee shall do any and all things that the Company may reasonably deem useful or desirable to establish or document the Company s exclusive ownership throughout the United States of America or any other country of any and all Proprietary Rights in any such Inventions, including the execution of appropriate copyright and or patent applications or assignments. To the extent Employee has any Proprietary Rights in the Inventions that cannot be assigned in the manner described above, Employee unconditionally and irrevocably waives the enforcement of such Proprietary Rights. This Section 5.02 is subject to and shall not be deemed to limit, restrict or constitute any waiver by the Company of any Proprietary Rights of ownership to which the Company may be entitled by operation of law by virtue of the Company s being Employee s employer. Employee further agrees that, from time to time, as may be requested by the Company and at the Company s sole cost and expense, Employee shall assist the Company in every proper and lawful way to obtain and from time to time enforce Proprietary Rights relating to Inventions in any and all countries. To this end, Employee shall execute, verify and deliver such documents and perform such other acts (including appearances as a witness) as the Company may reasonably request for use in applying for, obtaining, perfecting, evidencing, sustaining, and enforcing such Proprietary Rights and the assignment thereof. In addition, Employee shall execute, verify, and deliver assignments of such Proprietary Rights to the Company or its designees. Employee s obligation to assist the Company with respect to Proprietary Rights relating to such Inventions in any and all countries shall continue beyond the termination of Employee s employment with the Company. 
 
 (c) Employee hereby waives and quitclaims to the Company any and all claims, of any nature whatsoever, that Employee now or may hereafter have for infringement of any Proprietary Rights assigned hereunder to the Company. 

4 

(d) Notwithstanding the foregoing, this Section 5.02 does not apply to an invention for which no equipment, supplies, facility, or trade secret information of the Company was used and which was developed entirely on Employee's own time, unless (a) the invention relates (i) directly to the business of the Company, or (ii) to the Company's actual or demonstrably anticipated research or development, or (b) the invention results from any work performed by Employee for the Company. 
 
 5.03 Defend Trade Secrets Act . Employee acknowledges that, pursuant to 18 
 U.S.C. 1833(b), an individual may not be held liable under any criminal or civil federal or state trade secret law for disclosure of a trade secret (a) made in confidence to a government official, either directly or indirectly, or to an attorney, solely for the purpose of reporting or investigating a suspected violation of law or (b) in a complaint or other document filed in a lawsuit or other proceeding, if such filing is made under seal. Additionally, an individual suing an employer for retaliation based on the reporting of a suspected violation of law may disclose a trade secret to his or her attorney and use the trade secret information in the court proceeding, so long as any document containing the trade secret is filed under seal and the individual does not disclose the trade secret except pursuant to court order. 
 
 6. Non-competition and Non-solicitation Covenants and Adversarial Restrictions . 
 
 6.01 Non-competition . Employee agrees that, during the Term and for twelve months after the termination of Employee s employment for any reason (provided, that, notwithstanding the foregoing, if Employee s employment is terminated pursuant to Section 7.01(a) or (d) and Employee is receiving benefits in connection with his termination of employment under Section 7.05(b)(i), Employee agrees that, during the Term and for six months after the termination of Employee s employment) (the Non-Compete Period ), Employee shall not, directly or indirectly, (a) engage in activities or businesses (including without limitation by owning any interest in, managing, controlling, participating in, consulting with, advising, rendering services for, or in any manner engaging in the business of owning, operating or managing any business) in any geographic location in which the Company, its subsidiaries or affiliates engage in, whether through selling, distributing, manufacturing, marketing, purchasing, or otherwise, that compete directly or indirectly with the Company or any of its subsidiaries or affiliates Competitive Activities ), it being understood that Competitive Activities as of the date hereof include, without limitation, the manufacture, marketing, license, distribution and sale of licensed pop culture products or (b) assist any person in any way to do, or attempt to do, anything prohibited by Section 6.01(a) above. Employee acknowledges (i) that the business of the Company and its affiliates is global in scope and (ii) notwithstanding the jurisdiction of formation or principal office of the Company and its affiliates, or the location of any of their respective executives or employees (including, without limitation, Employee), it is expected that the Company and its affiliates will have business activities and have valuable business relationships within their respective industries throughout the United States and abroad. 
 
 6.02 Indirect Competition . Employee further agrees that, during the Term and the Non-Compete Period, he will not, directly or indirectly, assist or encourage any other person in carrying out, direct or indirectly, any activity that would be prohibited by the above provisions of this Section 6 if such activity were carried out by Employee, either directly or indirectly and in 
 5 

particular, Employee agrees that he will not, directly or indirectly, induce any employee of the Company to carry out, directly or indirectly, any such activity. 
 
 6.03 Non-solicitation . Employee further agrees that, during the Term and for a period of two years after the termination of his employment (the Non-Solicitation Period ), he will not, directly or indirectly, employ or hire, or assist or encourage any other person in seeking to employ or hire any employee, consultant, advisor or agent of the Company or any of its affiliates or encouraging any such employee, consultant, advisor or agent to discontinue employment with the Company or any of its affiliates. 
 
 6.04 Non-Disparagement . Employee agrees not to disparage the Company, any of its products or practices, or any of its directors, officers, agents, representatives, partners, members, equityholders or affiliates, either orally or in writing, at any time, and the Company shall direct its directors and officers not to disparage Employee, either orally or in writing, at any time provided that Employee, the Company and the Company s directors and officers may confer in confidence with their respective legal representatives and make truthful statements as required by law, or by governmental, regulatory or self-regulatory investigations or as truthful testimony in connection with any litigation involving Employee and the Company or its affiliates. 
 
 6.05 Enforceability . If a final and non-appealable judicial determination is made that any of the provisions of this Section 6 constitutes an unreasonable or otherwise unenforceable restriction against Employee, the provisions of this Section 6 will not be rendered void but will be deemed to be modified to the minimum extent necessary to remain in force and effect for the longest period and largest geographic area that would not constitute such an unreasonable or unenforceable restriction. Moreover, and without limiting the generality of Section 6, notwithstanding the fact that any provision of this Section 6 is determined to not be enforceable through specific performance, the Company will nevertheless be entitled to recover monetary damages as a result of Employee s breach of such provision. 
 
 6.06 Acknowledgement . Employee acknowledges that Employee has carefully read this Agreement and has given careful consideration to the restraints imposed upon Employee by this Agreement, and is in full accord as to the necessity of such restraints for the reasonable and proper protection of the Confidential Information, business strategies, employee and customer relationships and goodwill of the Company and its subsidiaries and affiliates now existing or to be developed in the future. Employee expressly acknowledges and agrees that each and every restraint imposed by this Agreement is reasonable with respect to subject matter, time period and geographical area. Employee further acknowledges that although Employee s compliance with the covenants contained in Sections 5 and 6 may prevent Employee from earning a livelihood in a business similar to the business of the Company, Employee s experience and capabilities are such that Employee has other opportunities to earn a livelihood and adequate means of support for Employee and Employee s dependents. 
 
 7. Termination . 
 
 7.01 Grounds for Termination . Employee s employment with the Company shall terminate (a) by Employee for Good Reason, (b) by the Company for Cause, (c) by the 
 6 

Employee without Good Reason, (d) by the Company without Cause, (e) on account of Employee s death or Disability, or (f) by expiration or non-renewal of the Term. Notwithstanding any termination of this Agreement and Employee s employment by the Company, Employee, in consideration of his employment hereunder to the date of such termination, shall remain bound by the provisions of this Agreement which specifically relate to periods, activities or obligations upon or subsequent to the termination of Employee s employment including without limitation the provisions of Sections 5, 6 and 8 hereof. 
 
 7.02 Cause Defined . Termination of Employee s employment by the Company for any of the following reasons shall be deemed termination for Cause (a) gross neglect or willful misconduct by Employee of Employee s duties or Employee s willful failure to carry out, or comply with, in any material respect any lawful and reasonable directive of the Board not inconsistent with the terms of this Agreement (b) conviction of Employee of, or Employee s plea of no contest, plea of nolo contendere or imposition of adjudicated probation with respect to, any felony or crime involving moral turpitude or Employee s indictment for any felony or crime involving moral turpitude provided if Employee is terminated following such indictment but is found not guilty or the indictment is dismissed, the termination shall be deemed to be a termination without Cause (c) Employee s habitual unlawful use (including being under the influence) or possession of illegal drugs on the Company s premises or while performing Employee s duties and responsibilities under this Agreement (d) Employee s commission at any time of any act of fraud, embezzlement, misappropriation, material misconduct, or breach of fiduciary duty against the Company (or any predecessor thereto or successor thereof) or (e) Employee s material breach of the restrictive covenants in Sections 5 and 6 hereof or any other confidentiality, non-compete or non-solicitation covenant provided that the Company shall provide Employee with fifteen (15) days prior written notice before any such termination in (a) or (e) (other than to the extent that (a) relates to any fraud or intentional misconduct) with an opportunity to meet with the Board and discuss or cure any such alleged violation. 
 
 7.03 Good Reason Defined . Termination of Employee s employment by Employee for any of the following reasons shall be deemed for Good Reason (a) a material adverse change in Employee s title or reporting line or material duties, authorities or responsibilities, as determined by the Board (provided, that Employee s title, reporting line or material duties, authorities or responsibilities shall not be deemed to be materially adversely changed solely because the Company (or its successor) is no longer an independently operated public entity or becomes a subsidiary of another entity) (b) a material breach by the Company of any material provision of this Agreement (c) a material reduction of Employee s Base Salary or benefits or target bonus opportunity (other than such a reduction that is generally consistent with a general reduction affecting the Company s other similarly situated executives) (d) failure by the Company to pay any portion of Employee s earned Base Salary or bonus or (e) the termination of Employee s remote working arrangement of performing his services under this Agreement from his home office in Minnesota, provided that in the case of all the above events, Employee may not resign from his or her employment for Good Reason unless he provides the Company written notice within 90 days after the initial occurrence of the event and at least 60 days prior to the date of termination, and the Company has not corrected the event prior to the date of termination. 

7 

7.04 Surrender of Records and Property . Upon termination of his employment with the Company for any reason, Employee shall deliver promptly to the Company all records, manuals, books, blank forms, documents, letters, memoranda, notes, notebooks, reports, data, tables, calculations or copies thereof, which are the property of the Company or any of its Affiliates or which relate in any way to the business, products, practices or techniques of the Company or any of its affiliates, and all other property, trade secrets and confidential information of the Company or any of its affiliates, including, but not limited to, all documents which in whole or in part contain any trade secrets or confidential information of the Company or any of its affiliates, which in any of these cases are in his possession or under his control. 
 
 7.05 Payments Upon Termination . (a) If this Agreement is terminated for any reason set forth in Section 7, then Employee shall be entitled to receive (i) his earned but unpaid Base Salary through the date of the termination, (ii) any accrued and unused vacation or paid time off through the date of termination, (iii) reimbursement of any business expenses incurred in the ordinary course of business through the date of termination that have not yet been reimbursed pursuant to Section 4.04, and (iv) any earned but unpaid bonus pursuant to Section 4.02 for the calendar year prior to termination to the extent not yet paid when due (together, the Accrued Compensation ). 
 
 (b) If Employee s employment is terminated pursuant to Section 7.01(a) or (d) and provided that Employee shall have executed and delivered to the Company the a release of claims substantially in the form attached hereto as Exhibit B (the Release and any period for rescission of such Release shall have expired without Employee having rescinding such Release, in addition to the Accrued Compensation, Employee shall be entitled to receive either (i) if Employee has been an employee of the Company or its affiliates for less than two years following the Effective Date but prior to the date of termination, continuation of the Base Salary for up to six (6) months from the date of termination, payable in six equal monthly installments in accordance with the Company s regular payroll practices, and reimbursement, up to a maximum of six (6) months, of the Company-paid portion of premium payments, as if Employee had remained an active employee, for any COBRA coverage Employee elects, if any or (ii) if Employee has been an employee of the Company or its affiliates for at least two years following the Effective Date but prior to the date of termination, an amount equal to continuation of the Base Salary for up to twelve (12) months from the date of termination, payable in twelve equal monthly installments in accordance with the Company s regular payroll practices, and reimbursement, up to a maximum of twelve (12) months, of the Company-paid portion of premium payments, as if Employee had remained an active employee, for any COBRA coverage Employee elects, if any and any unvested equity award, whether made before, on, or after the date of this Agreement, (1) that is subject solely to a time-based vesting condition will accelerate and vest in full and (2) that is subject to subsequent performance-based vesting conditions shall be eligible to vest and be settled based on the actual achievement of the applicable performance objective(s) as if the date of termination was the end of the applicable performance period(s) (the Equity Acceleration ). 
 
 7.06 Termination in Connection with a Change in Control . (a) Notwithstanding the foregoing, if Employee s employment is terminated pursuant to Section 7.01(a) or (d) on or within twelve (12) months following a Change in Control, and provided that Employee shall have executed and delivered to the Company the Release and any period for rescission of such Release 
 8 

shall have expired without Employee having rescinded such Release, in addition to the Accrued Compensation but in lieu of any payments or benefits pursuant to Section 7.05(b), Employee shall be entitled to receive an amount equal to continuation of the Base Salary for twelve (12) months from the date of termination, payable in twelve equal monthly installments in accordance with the Company s regular payroll practices, and reimbursement, up to a maximum of twelve (12) months, of the Company-paid portion of premium payments, as if Employee had remained an active employee, for any COBRA coverage Employee elects, if any and the Equity Acceleration. 
 
 (b) For purposes of this Agreement, a Change in Control shall mean, following the Effective Date, (i) a change in ownership or control of Funko, Inc. effected through a transaction or series of transactions (other than an offering of common stock or units to the general public through a registration statement filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission) whereby any person or related group of persons (as such terms are used in Sections 13(d) and 14(d)(2) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act )) (other than Funko, Inc., any of their respective subsidiaries 1 , any employee benefit plan maintained by Funko, Inc. or any of their respective subsidiaries, or a person that, prior to such transaction, directly or indirectly controls, is controlled by, or is under common control with, Funko, Inc.), directly or indirectly acquires beneficial ownership (within the meaning of Rule 13d-3 under the Exchange Act) of securities of Funko, Inc. possessing more than fifty percent (50 of the total combined voting power of Funko, Inc. s securities outstanding immediately after such acquisition 
 (ii) the majority of the members of the Board are replaced during any twelve (12) month period by directors whose appointment or election is not endorsed by a majority of the Board, as applicable, prior to the date of such appointment or election or (iii) a sale or other disposition of all or substantially all of the Company s assets in any single transaction or series of related transactions. 
 
 7.07 Termination on Account of Employee s Death or Disability . Notwithstanding the foregoing, if Employee s employment is terminated pursuant to Section 7.01(e), and provided that Employee or Employee s estate or legal representative shall have executed and delivered to the Company the Release and any period for rescission of such Release shall have expired without Employee having rescinded such Release, in addition to the Accrued Compensation, Employee shall be entitled to receive the Equity Acceleration. For purposes of this Agreement, Disability shall mean Employee shall be unable to perform substantially his work duties by reason of a physical or mental disability or infirmity for a period of three (3) consecutive months or a period of six (6) months during any twelve (12) month period, or at such earlier time as Employee submits satisfactory medical evidence that he has a physical or mental disability or infirmity which will prevent him from returning to the performance of his work duties for six (6) months or longer the Company may terminate Employee s employment hereunder by sending written notice of such termination to Employee (at any time after the expiration date of such three 
 (3) or six (6) month period or the submission of such satisfactory medical evidence). 
 
 7.08 Mitigation . The amounts set forth in Section 7.05(b) and Section 7.06(a) shall be reduced by any amount Employee receives as compensation from a subsequent employer 

9 

during the severance period to the extent Employee engages in Competitive Activities during such period. 
 
 7.09 Termination of Offices Held . Upon termination of his employment with the Company for any reason, Employee agrees that he shall immediately resign from any offices he holds with the Company or any of its affiliates, including any boards of directors or boards of managers. 
 
 8. Miscellaneous . 
 
 8.01 Governing Law Venue . This Agreement is made under and shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of Washington, regardless of the laws that might otherwise govern under applicable principles of conflict of law. 
 
 8.02 Prior Agreements . This Agreement contains the entire agreement of the parties relating to the subject matter hereof and supersedes all prior agreements and understandings with respect to such subject matter, and the parties hereto have made no agreement, representations or warranties relating to the subject matter of this Agreement which are not set forth herein. 
 
 8.03 Withholding Taxes . The Company may withhold from any payments or benefits payable under this Agreement all federal, state, city or other taxes as shall be required pursuant to any law or governmental regulation or ruling. 
 
 8.04 Amendments . No amendments or modifications of this Agreement shall be deemed effective unless made in writing and signed by the parties hereto. 
 
 8.05 No Waiver . No term or condition of this Agreement shall be deemed to have been waived, nor shall there by an estoppel to enforce any provisions of this Agreement, except by a statement in writing signed by the party against whom enforcement of the waiver or estoppel is sought. Any written waiver shall not be deemed a continuing waiver unless specifically stated, shall operate only as to the specific term or condition waived and shall not constitute a waiver of such term or condition for the future or as to any act other than that specifically waived 
 
 8.06 Section 409A . (a) For purposes of this Agreement, Section 409A means Section 409A of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the Code ), and the Treasury Regulations promulgated thereunder (and such other Treasury or Internal Revenue Service guidance) as in effect from time to time. The parties intend that any amounts payable hereunder that could constitute deferred compensation within the meaning of Section 409A will be compliant with Section 409A or exempt from Section 409A. Notwithstanding the foregoing, Employee shall be solely responsible and liable for the satisfaction of all taxes and penalties that may be imposed on or for the account of Employee in connection with this Agreement (including any taxes and penalties under Section 409A), and neither the Company nor any of its Affiliates shall have any obligation to indemnify or otherwise hold Employee (or any beneficiary) harmless from any or all of such taxes or penalties. No provision of this Agreement shall be interpreted or construed to transfer any liability for failure to comply with the requirements of Section 409A 

10 

from the Employee or any other individual to the Company or any of its affiliates, employees or agents. 
 
 (b) Notwithstanding anything in this Agreement to the contrary, the following special rule shall apply, if and to the extent required by Section 409A, in the event that (i) Employee is deemed to be a specified employee within the meaning of Section 409A(a)(2)(B)(i) of the Code, (ii) amounts or benefits under this Agreement or any other program, plan or arrangement of the Company or a controlled group affiliate thereof are due or payable on account of separation from service within the meaning of Treasury Regulations Section 1.409A-l(h) and 
 (iii) Employee is employed by a public company or a controlled group affiliate thereof no payments hereunder that are deferred compensation subject to Section 409A shall be made to Employee prior to the date that is six (6) months after the date of Employee s separation from service or, if earlier, Employee s date of death following any applicable six (6) month delay, all such delayed payments will be paid in a single lump sum on the earliest permissible payment date, without interest. 
 
 (c) Each payment made under this Agreement (including each separate installment payment in the case of a series of installment payments) shall be deemed to be a separate payment for purposes of Section 409A. Amounts payable under this Agreement shall be deemed not to be a deferral of compensation subject to Section 409A to the extent provided in the exceptions in Treasury Regulation Sections 1.409A-1(b)(4) short-term deferrals and (b)(9) separation pay plans, including the exception under subparagraph (iii)) and other applicable provisions of Section 409A. For purposes of this Agreement, with respect to payments of any amounts that are considered to be deferred compensation subject to Section 409A, references to termination of employment, termination, or words and phrases of similar import, shall be deemed to refer to Employee s separation from service as defined in Section 409A and shall be interpreted and applied in a manner that is consistent with the requirements of Section 409A. 
 
 (d) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement, any payment or benefit under this Agreement or otherwise that is exempt from Section 409A pursuant to Treasury Regulation Section 1.409A-l(b)(9)(v)(A) or (C) (relating to certain reimbursements and in-kind benefits) shall be paid or provided to Employee only to the extent that the expenses are not incurred, or the benefits are not provided, beyond the last day of the second calendar year following the calendar year in which Employee s separation from service occurs and provided further that such expenses are reimbursed no later than the last day of the third calendar year following the calendar year in which Employee s separation from service occurs. To the extent any indemnification payment, expense reimbursement, or the provision of any in-kind benefit is determined to be subject to Section 409A (and not exempt pursuant to the prior sentence or otherwise), the amount of any such indemnification payment or expenses eligible for reimbursement, or the provision of any in-kind benefit, in one calendar year shall not affect the indemnification payment or provision of in-kind benefits or expenses eligible for reimbursement in any other calendar year (except for any life-time or other aggregate limitation applicable to medical expenses), and in no event shall any indemnification payment or expenses be reimbursed after the last day of the calendar year following the calendar year in which Employee incurred such indemnification payment or expenses, and in no event shall any right to indemnification payment 
 
 11 

or reimbursement or the provision of any in-kind benefit be subject to liquidation or exchange for another benefit. 
 
 (e) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement, to the extent that any payments due under this Agreement as a result of the Employee s termination of employment with the Company are subject to the Employee s execution and delivery and non-revocation of the Release, (i) no such payments shall be made on or prior to the sixtieth (60 th day immediately following Employee s date of termination (the Release Period ), (ii) the Company shall deliver the Release to Employee no later than seven (7) days immediately following Employee s date of termination, (iii) if, as of the Release Expiration Date, Employee has failed to execute the Release or has timely revoked his acceptance of the Release thereafter, Employee shall not be entitled to any payments or benefits otherwise conditioned on the Release, and (iv) if, as of the Release Expiration Date, Employee has executed the Release and has not revoked his acceptance of the Release thereafter, any such payments that are delayed pursuant to this Section 8.06(e) shall be paid in a lump sum on the first regularly scheduled payroll date following the expiration of the Release Period, without interest. For purposes of this Section 8.06(e), Release Expiration Date shall mean the date that is twenty-one (21) days following the date upon which the Company timely delivers the Release to Employee, or, in the event that Employee s termination of employment is in connection with an exit incentive or other employment termination program (as such phrase is defined in the Age Discrimination in Employment Act of 1967), the date that is forty-five (45) days following such delivery date. 
 
 8.07 Compensation Recovery Policy . Employee acknowledges and agrees that, to the extent the Company adopts any clawback or similar policy pursuant to the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act or otherwise, and any rules and regulations promulgated thereunder, he shall take all action necessary or appropriate to comply with such policy (including, without limitation, entering into any further agreements, amendments or policies necessary or appropriate to implement and or enforce such policy with respect to past, present and future compensation, as appropriate). 
 
 8.08 Severability . To the extent any provision of this Agreement shall be invalid or unenforceable, it shall be considered deleted herefrom, and the remainder of such provision and of this Agreement shall be unaffected and shall continue in full force and effect. In furtherance and not in limitation of the foregoing, should the duration or geographical extent of, or business activities covered by, any provision of this Agreement be in excess of that which is valid and enforceable under applicable law, then such provision shall be construed to cover only that duration, extent or activities which may validly and enforceably be covered. Employee acknowledges the uncertainty of the law in this respect and expressly stipulates that this Agreement be given the construction which renders its provisions valid and enforceable to the maximum extent (not exceeding its express terms) possible under applicable law. 
 
 8.09 Assignment . The Company may transfer and assign this Agreement and the Company s rights and obligations hereunder to another entity that is substantially comparable to the Company in its financial strength and ability to perform the Company s obligations under this Agreement. After any such assignment by the Company, the Company shall be discharged from all further liability hereunder and such assignee shall thereafter be deemed to be the Company for 
 12 

the purposes of all provisions of this Agreement including this Section 8. Neither this Agreement nor the rights or obligations hereunder of the parties hereto shall be transferable or assignable by Employee, except in accordance with the laws of descent and distribution. 
 
 8.10 Injunctive Relief . Employee agrees that it would be difficult to compensate the Company fully for damages for any violation of the provisions of this Agreement, including without limitation the provisions of Sections 5 and 6. Accordingly, Employee specifically agrees that the Company shall be entitled to temporary and permanent injunctive relief to enforce the provisions of this Agreement and that such relief may be granted without the necessity of proving actual damages. This provision with respect to injunctive relief shall not, however, diminish the right of the Company to claim and recover damages in addition to injunctive relief. 
 
 8.11 Notices . Any notice, payment, demand or communication required or permitted to be given by the provisions of this Agreement shall be deemed to have been effectively given and received on the date personally delivered to the respective party to whom it is directed, or five (5) days after the date when deposited by registered or certified mail, with postage and charges prepaid and addressed to such party at its address below its signature. Any party may change its address by delivering a written change of address to all of the other parties in the manner set forth in this Section 8.11. 
 
 8.12 Section 280G . Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement or any other plan, arrangement, or agreement to the contrary, if any of the payments or benefits provided or to be provided by the Company or its affiliates to Employee or for Employee s benefit pursuant to the terms of this Agreement or otherwise Covered Payments constitute parachute payments within the meaning of Section 280G of the Code (such payments, the Parachute Payments and would, but for this Section 8.12, be subject to the excise tax imposed under Section 4999 of the Code (or any successor provision thereto) or any similar tax imposed by state or local law or any interest or penalties with respect to such taxes (collectively, the Excise Tax ), or not be deductible under Section 280G of the Code, then such Covered Payments shall be reduced to the minimum extent necessary to ensure that no portion of the Covered Payments is subject to the Excise Tax, but only if (i) the net amount of such Covered Payments, as so reduced (and after subtracting the net amount of federal, state and local income and employment taxes on such reduced Covered Payments and after taking into account the phase out of itemized deductions and personal exemptions attributable to such reduced Covered Payments), is greater than or equal to 
 (ii) the net amount of such Covered Payments without such reduction (but after subtracting the net amount of federal, state and local income and employment taxes on such Covered Payments and the amount of the Excise Tax to which Executive would be subject in respect of such unreduced Covered Payments and after taking into account the phase out of itemized deductions and personal exemptions attributable to such unreduced Covered Payments). The Covered Payments shall be reduced in a manner that maximizes Employee s economic position. In applying this principle, the reduction shall be made in a manner consistent with the requirements of Section 409A, to the extent applicable, and where two or more economically equivalent amounts are subject to reduction but payable at different times, such amounts payable at the later time shall be reduced first but not below zero. 
 
 Signatures on following page 13 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF , the parties have executed this Agreement as of the date set forth in the first paragraph. 
 
 FUNKO, INC. 

By s Brian Mariotti________________ 
 Brian Mariotti 
 Chief Executive Officer 

s Steve Nave_______________________ 
 Steve Nave 

Signature Page to the Employment Agreement 

Exhibit A 
 
 External Board Service 
 
 PetWell Clinic Approximately 2 hours per month J3st Gaming Approximately 2 hours per month Xpresso Delight Approximately 1 hour per month 
 Rue21 Pending Appointment, but expected to be approximately 2 hours per month 

Exhibit B 
 
 WAIVER AND RELEASE OF CLAIMS AGREEMENT 
 
 In exchange for the severance payments and benefits provided to me pursuant to Section 7.05, 7.06 and 7.07 (collectively, the Severance Benefits of that certain Employment Agreement, dated as of , by and among Funko, Inc. Company and- Steve Nave (the Employee (the Employment Agreement ), the Employee freely and voluntarily agrees to enter into and be bound by this Waiver and Release of Claims Agreement (this Release ). 
 
 1. General Release . The Employee, on his own behalf and on behalf of his spouse, child or children (if any), heirs, personal representative, executors, administrators, successors, assigns and anyone else claiming through him (the Releasors ), hereby releases and discharges forever Funko, Inc., and its affiliates, and each of their respective past, present or future parent, affiliated, related, and subsidiary entities and each of their respective past, present or future directors, officers, employees, trustees, agents, attorneys, administrators, plans, plan administrators, insurers, equityholders, members, representatives, predecessors, successors and assigns, and all Persons acting by, through, under or in concert with them (hereinafter collectively referred to as the Released Parties ), from and against all liabilities, claims, demands, liens, causes of action, charges, suits, complaints, grievances, contracts, agreements, promises, obligations, costs, losses, damages, injuries, attorneys fees and other legal responsibilities (collectively referred to as Claims ), of any form whatsoever (whether or not relating to Employee's employment with the Company), including, but not limited to, any claims in law, equity, contract or tort, claims under any policy, agreement, understanding or promise, written or oral, formal or informal, between the Employee and the Company or any of the other Released Parties, and any claims under the Civil Rights Act of 1866, the Civil Rights Act of 1871, the Civil Rights Act of 1964, the Americans With Disabilities Act of 1990, the Age Discrimination in Employment Act of 1967 ADEA ), the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, the Securities Act of 1933, the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (the Exchange Act ), the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, the Rehabilitation Act of 1973, the Family and Medical Leave Act of 1993, the Genetic Information Nondiscrimination Act of 2008, the Worker Adjustment and Retraining Notification Act of 1988, the Delaware Discrimination in Employment Act, the Delaware Persons with Disabilities Employment Protection Act, the Delaware Whistleblowers Protection Act, the Delaware Wage Payment and Collection Act, the Delaware Fair Employment Practices Act, Delaware's social media law, the Washington Industrial Welfare Act, the Washington Minimum Wage Act, the Washington Wage Payment Act, the Washington Wage Rebate Act, the Washington Law Against Discrimination and the Washington Leave Law, as each may have been amended from time to time, or any other federal, state or local statute, regulation, law, rule, ordinance or constitution, or common law, whether known or unknown, unforeseen, unanticipated, unsuspected or latent, that the Employee or any of the Releasors now possess or have a right to, or have at any time heretofore owned or held, or may at any time own or hold by reason of any matter or thing arising from any cause whatsoever prior to the date of execution of this Release, and without limiting the generality of the foregoing, from all claims, demands and causes of action based upon, relating to, or arising out of (a) the Employment Agreement (b) the Employee s employment or other relationship with any of the Released Parties or the termination thereof and (c) the Employee s status as a holder of securities of any of the Released Parties. 

This Release includes, but is not limited to, all wrongful termination and constructive discharge claims, all discrimination claims, all claims relating to any contracts of employment, whether express or implied, any covenant of good faith and fair dealing, whether express or implied, and any tort of any nature. This Release is for any relief, no matter how denominated, including but not limited to wages, back pay, front pay, benefits, compensatory, liquidated or punitive damages and attorneys fees. The Employee acknowledges and reaffirms Employee s obligations under the Employment Agreement with the Company dated , a signed copy of which is attached hereto as Exhibit A, including but not limited to Sections 5 and 6 thereof. 
 
 2. Covenant Not To Sue . The Employee represents and covenants that he has not filed, initiated or caused to be filed or initiated any Claim, charge, suit, complaint, grievance, action, cause of action or proceeding against the Company or any of other the Released Parties. Except to the extent that such waiver is precluded by law, the Employee further promises and agrees that he will not file, initiate or cause to be filed or initiated any Claim, charge, suit, complaint, grievance, action, cause of action or proceeding based upon, arising out of or relating to any Claim released hereunder, nor shall the Employee participate, assist or cooperate in any Claim, charge, suit, complaint, grievance, action, cause of action or proceeding regarding any of the Released Parties relating to any Claims released hereunder, whether before a court or administrative agency or otherwise, unless required to do so by law. 
 
 3. Exclusions . Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Employee does not release his rights to receive the Severance Benefits or any right that may not be released by private agreement. In addition, this Release will not prevent the Employee from (i) filing a charge or complaint with the Equal Employment Opportunity Commission, the National Labor Relations Board, the Occupational Safety and Health Administration, the Securities and Exchange Commission or any other federal, state or local governmental agency or commission Government Agencies or (ii) reporting possible violations of federal law or regulation to, otherwise communicating with or participating in any investigation or proceeding that may be conducted by, or providing documents and other information, without notice to the Company, to, any Governmental Agency or entity, including in accordance with the provisions of and rules promulgated under Section 21F of the Exchange Act or Section 806 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, as each may have been amended from time to time, or any other whistleblower protection provisions of state or federal law or regulation. This Agreement does not limit Employee s right to receive an award for information provided to any Government Agencies provided , however , that the Employee acknowledges and agrees that any Claim by him, or brought on his behalf, for damages in connection with such a charge or investigation filed with the Equal Employment Opportunity Commission would be and hereby is barred. 
 
 4. No Assignment . The Employee represents and warrants that he has made no assignment or other transfer, and covenants that he will make no assignment or other transfer, of any interest in any Claim that he may have against any of the Released Parties. 
 
 5. Indemnification of Released Parties . The Employee agrees to indemnify and hold harmless the Released Parties, and each of them, against any loss, claim, demand, damage, expenses or any other liability whatsoever, including reasonable attorneys fees and costs, resulting from (i) any breach of this Release by him or his successors in interest (ii) any 

assignment or transfer, or attempted assignment or transfer, of any Claims released hereunder or 
 (iii) any action or proceeding brought by him or his successors in interest, if such action or proceeding arises out of, is based upon, or is related to any Claims released hereunder. This indemnity does not require payment as a condition precedent to recovery by any of the Released Parties. 
 
 6. Acknowledgments . The Employee acknowledges that the Company delivered this Release to him on . The Employee agrees that the Company has advised him to consult with an attorney before executing this Release. The Employee agrees that he has had the opportunity to consult with counsel, if he chose to do so, and that the Employee has had a sufficient and reasonable amount of time to read and consider this Release before executing it. The Employee acknowledges that he is responsible for any costs and fees resulting from his attorney reviewing this Release. The Employee agrees that he has carefully read this Release and knows its contents, and that he signs this Release voluntarily, with a full understanding of its significance, and intending to be bound by its terms. The Employee acknowledges that the provision of the Severance Benefits is in exchange for the promises in the Release and is not normally available under Company policy to employees who resign or are terminated by the Company, and that, but for his execution of this Release, he would not be entitled to receive the Severance Benefits. The Employee further acknowledges that the provision of the Severance Benefits does not constitute an admission by the Released Parties of liability or of violation of any applicable law or regulation. The Company and its affiliates expressly deny any liability or alleged violation and state that the Severance Benefits are being provided solely for the purpose of compromising any and all claims of the Employee without the cost and burden of litigation. 
 
 7. ADEA Provisions . The Employee understands that this Release includes a release of claims arising under ADEA. The Employee acknowledges and agrees that he has had at least 21 days after the date of his receipt of this Release (such period, the Consideration Period to review this Release and consider its terms before signing this Release and that the Consideration Period will not be affected or extended by any changes, whether material or immaterial, that might be made to this Release. The Employee further acknowledges and agrees that he understands that he may use as much or all of such 21-day period as he wishes before signing, and warrants that he has done so. The Employee may revoke and cancel this Release in writing at any time within seven days after his execution of this Release (such seven-day period, the Revocation Period by providing notice of revocation to . This Release shall not become effective and enforceable until after the expiration of the Revocation Period after such time, if there has been no revocation, this Release shall immediately be fully effective and enforceable. 
 
 8. Consequences of Breach or Revocation . The Employee agrees that, notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Release, in the event that he breaches any of the terms of the Release, or revokes the Release pursuant to Section 7, he shall forfeit the Severance Benefits and reimburse the Company for any portion of the Severance Benefits that have already been paid, and, in the event of such a breach, he shall reimburse the Company for any expenses or damages incurred as a result of such breach. 

9. Severability . If any provision of the Release is declared invalid or unenforceable, the remaining portions of the Release shall not be affected thereby and shall be enforced. 
 
 10. Governing Law Venue . This Agreement is made under and shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of Delaware. 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned has signed and executed this Release on the date set forth below as an expression of his intent to be bound by the foregoing terms of this Release. 
 
 ________________________________________ 

Date 

</EX-10.35>

<EX-21.1>
 6
 ex-2112022.htm
 EX-21.1

Document 

EXHIBIT 21.1 
 LIST OF SUBSIDIARIES 
 Funko Acquisition Holdings, LLC 
 Funko Holdings, LLC 
 Funko, LLC 
 Loungefly, LLC 
 Funko UK, Ltd. 
 Funko Far East Limited 
 Funko Games, LLC 
 TokenWave LLC 
 Funko EU, B.V. 
 Mondo Collectibles, LLC 
 Funko (Dongguan) Pop Culture Limited (subsidiary of Funko Far East Limited) 

</EX-21.1>

<EX-23.1>
 7
 ex-23110k2022.htm
 EX-23.1

Document 

Exhibit 23.1 

Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 

We consent to the incorporation by reference in the following Registration Statements 
 
 a. Registration Statement (Form S-8 No. 333-221390) pertaining to the Funko, Inc. 2017 Incentive Award Plan, 
 b. Registration Statements (Form S-8 No. 333-234456 and 333-266175) pertaining to the Funko, Inc. 2019 Incentive Award Plan, and 
 c. Registration Statement (Form S-3 No. 333-266175) of Funko, Inc. 
 
 of our reports dated March 1, 2023, with respect to the consolidated financial statements and schedule of Funko, Inc. and the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting of Funko, Inc. included in this Annual Report (Form 10-K) of Funko, Inc. for the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 
 s Ernst & Young LLP 
 
 Seattle, Washington 
 March 1, 2023 

</EX-23.1>

<EX-31.1>
 8
 ex-31110k2022.htm
 EX-31.1

Document 

EXHIBIT 31.1 
 CERTIFICATION 
 I, Brian Mariotti, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Funko, Inc. 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 Date March 1, 2023 
 s Brian Mariotti Brian Mariotti Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 9
 ex-31210k2022.htm
 EX-31.2

Document 

EXHIBIT 31.2 
 CERTIFICATION 
 I, Steve Nave, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Funko, Inc. 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 Date March 1, 2023 
 s Steve Nave Steve Nave Chief Financial Officer and Chief Operating Officer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 10
 ex-32110k2022.htm
 EX-32.1

Document 

EXHIBIT 32.1 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350 
 In connection with this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Funko, Inc. (the Company for the year ended December 31, 2022 (the Report ), I, Brian Mariotti, Chief Executive Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that, to the best of my knowledge 
 (1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended and 
 (2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
 Date March 1, 2023 
 s Brian Mariotti Brian Mariotti Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 11
 ex-32210k2022.htm
 EX-32.2

Document 

EXHIBIT 32.2 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350 
 In connection with this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Funko, Inc. (the Company for the year ended December 31, 2022 (the Report ), I, Steve Nave, Chief Financial Officer and Chief Operating Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that, to the best of my knowledge 
 (1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended and 
 (2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
 Date March 1, 2023 
 s Steve Nave Steve Nave Chief Financial Officer and Chief Operating Officer 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 12
 fnko-20221231.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 13
 fnko-20221231_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 14
 fnko-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 15
 fnko-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 16
 fnko-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

