<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230227_10-K_edgar_data_1640428_0000950170-23-004649.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>14571639</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>337542</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1893394</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>6658026</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>2113821</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>3247185</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>12</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0000950170-23-004649.hdr.sgml : 20230227
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230227161256
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0000950170-23-004649
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		92
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230227
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230227

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			EverQuote, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001640428
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SERVICES-COMPUTER PROGRAMMING, DATA PROCESSING, ETC. [7370]
		IRS NUMBER:				263101161
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-38549
		FILM NUMBER:		23674959

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		210 BROADWAY
		CITY:			CAMBRIDGE
		STATE:			MA
		ZIP:			02139
		BUSINESS PHONE:		617-245-0615

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		210 BROADWAY
		CITY:			CAMBRIDGE
		STATE:			MA
		ZIP:			02139

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0000950170-23-004649.txt : 20230227

10-K
 1
 ever-20221231.htm
 10-K

10-K 

Table of Contents 

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 Washington, D.C. 20549 
 
 FORM 
 
 (Mark One) 
 	 ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the fiscal year ended , 
 OR 
 	 TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the transition period from to 
 Commission file number: 
 
 (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

(State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) 
 (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) 

, 

(Address of principal executive offices) 
 (Zip Code) 

Registrant s telephone number, including area code: 
 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 

Title of each class 
 Trading Symbol(s) 
 Name of each exchange on which registered 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: 
 None 
 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant: (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large accelerated filer 

Non-accelerated filer 
 
 Smaller reporting company 

Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 
 If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. 
 Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant s executive o cers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No 
 Based on the closing price of the registrant s Class A common stock on the last business day of the registrant s most recently completed second fiscal quarter, which was June 30, 2022, the aggregate market value of its Class A common stock and Class B common stock (based on a closing price of 8.84 per share on June 30, 2022 as reported on the Nasdaq Global Market) held by non-affiliates was approximately million. 
 As of January 31, 2023, the registrant had shares of Class A common stock, 0.001 par value per share, issued and outstanding and shares of Class B common stock, 0.001 par value per share, issued and outstanding. 
 
 DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 
 Portions of the registrant s Proxy Statement for its 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders, which the registrant intends to file with the Securities and Exchange Commission not later than 120 days after the registrant s fiscal year ended December 31, 2022, are incorporated by reference into Part III of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

Table of Contents 
 
 EverQuote, Inc. 
 Table of Contents 

Page 

PART I 

Item 1. 
 Business 
 5 

Item 1A. 
 Risk Factors 
 11 

Item 1B. 
 Unresolved Staff Comments 
 35 

Item 2. 
 Properties 
 35 

Item 3. 
 Legal Proceedings 
 35 

Item 4. 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 35 

PART II 

Item 5. 
 Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 36 

Item 6. 
 Reserved 
 37 

Item 7. 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 38 

Item 7A. 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 50 

Item 8. 
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 51 

Item 9. 
 Changes in and Disagreements With Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 79 

Item 9A. 
 Controls and Procedures 
 79 

Item 9B. 
 Other Information 
 80 

Item 9C. 
 Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 80 

PART III 

Item 10. 
 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 80 

Item 11. 
 Executive Compensation 
 80 

Item 12. 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 80 

Item 13. 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 80 

Item 14. 
 Principal Accounting Fees and Services 
 80 

PART IV 

Item 15. 
 Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules 
 81 

Item 16. 
 Form 10-K Summary 
 83 

EXHIBITS INDEX 
 81 

SIGNATURES 
 84 

2 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 CAUTIONARY NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 
 This Annual Report on Form 10-K contains forward-looking statements, within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. All statements other than statements of historical fact contained in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, including statements regarding our future results of operations and financial position, business strategy and plans, and objectives of management for future operations and statements regarding the anticipated impact on our business of the coronavirus (COVID-19) pandemic and related public health measures, are forward-looking statements. These statements involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties, and other important factors that may cause our actual results, performance or achievements to be materially different from any future results, performance, or achievements expressed or implied by the forward-looking statements. 
 In some cases, you can identify forward-looking statements by terms such as may, should, expects, might, plans, anticipates, could, intends, target, projects, contemplates, believes, estimates, predicts, potential, seek, would or continue, or the negative of these terms or other similar expressions. The forward-looking statements in this Annual Report on Form 10-K are only predictions. We have based these forward-looking statements largely on our current expectations and projections about future events and financial trends that we believe may affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. Although we believe that the expectations reflected in the forward-looking statements are reasonable, we cannot guarantee that the future results, levels of activity, performance or events and circumstances reflected in the forward-looking statements will be achieved or occur. These forward-looking statements speak only as of the date of this Annual Report on Form 10-K and are subject to a number of risks, uncertainties and assumptions described in the Risk Factors section and elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Because forward-looking statements are inherently subject to risks and uncertainties, some of which cannot be predicted or quantified, you should not rely on these forward-looking statements as predictions of future events. The events and circumstances reflected in our forward-looking statements may not be achieved or occur and actual results could differ materially from those projected in the forward-looking statements. While we may elect to update these forward-looking statements at some point in the future, whether as a result of any new information, future events, or otherwise, we have no current intention of doing so except to the extent required by applicable law. 
 3 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 Summary of Risk Factors 
 In addition to the other information in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, the following risk factors should be considered carefully in evaluating our company and our business. A summary of the principal factors that create risk in investing in our securities and might cause actual results to differ is set forth below: 
 our future financial performance, including our expectations regarding our revenue, cost of revenue, variable marketing margin, operating expenses, cash flows and ability to achieve, and maintain, future profitability; 

our ability to attract and retain consumers and insurance providers using our marketplace; 

our dependence on our relationships with insurance providers with no long-term contracts; 

our reliance on a small number of insurance providers for a significant portion of our revenue; 

our dependence on revenue from automotive insurance providers for a significant portion of our revenue and exposure to risks related to the automotive insurance industry; 

our ability to attract consumers searching for insurance, including through search engines, display advertising, email and social media; 

our ability to develop new and enhanced products and services to attract and retain consumers and insurance providers, and our ability to successfully monetize them; 

our anticipated growth and growth strategies and our ability to effectively manage that growth; 

our ability to maintain and build our brand; 

our ability to properly collect, process, store, share, disclose and use consumer information and other data; 

our reliance on our third-party service providers; 

the impact of competition in our industry and innovation by our competitors; 

our ability to hire and retain necessary qualified employees to expand our operations; 

our increased reliance on acquiring quote requests from third-party sources; 

our ability to stay abreast of and comply with new or modified laws and regulations that currently apply or become applicable to our business; 

failure to maintain an effective system of internal controls necessary to accurately report our financial results and prevent fraud; and 

the future trading prices of our Class A common stock 

4 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 PA RT I 
 Except where the context otherwise requires or where otherwise indicated, the terms EverQuote, we, us, our, our company, the company, and our business refer to EverQuote, Inc. and its consolidated subsidiaries. 
 ITEM 1. 	 BUS INESS 
 Company Overview 
 EverQuote makes insurance shopping easy, efficient and personal, saving consumers and insurance providers time and money. 
 We operate a leading online marketplace for insurance shopping, connecting consumers with insurance providers. Our mission is to empower insurance shoppers to better protect life s most important assets their family, health, property, and future. Our vision is to become the largest online source of insurance policies by using data, technology and knowledgeable advisors to make insurance simpler, more affordable and personalized, ultimately reducing cost and risk. Our results-driven marketplace, powered by our proprietary data and technology platform, is reshaping the insurance shopping experience for consumers and improving the way insurance providers attract and connect with consumers shopping for insurance. 
 Finding the right insurance product is often challenging for consumers, who face limited online options, complex, variable and opaque pricing, and myriad coverage configurations. We present consumers with a single starting point for a comprehensive and cost-effective insurance shopping experience. Our marketplace reduces the time consumers spend searching across multiple sites by delivering broader and more relevant results than consumers may find on their own. In addition to our marketplace, we operate a direct to consumer, or DTC, insurance agency. Our DTC agents bind policies for consumers, further streamlining the consumer shopping experience. Our services are free for consumers, and we derive our revenue from sales of consumer referrals to insurance providers and directly from commissions on sales of policies. 
 Insurance providers, which we view as including carriers, our own DTC agents, and third-party agents, operate in a highly competitive and regulated industry and typically specialize in pre-determined subsets of consumers. As a result, not every consumer is a good match for every provider, and some providers can struggle to reach the segments that are most desirable for their business models. Traditional offline and online advertising channels reach broad audiences but lack the fine-grained consumer acquisition capabilities needed for optimally matching consumers to specific insurance products. We connect providers to a large volume of high-intent, pre-validated consumer referrals that match the insurers specific requirements. The transparency of our marketplace, as well as the campaign management tools we offer, make it easy for insurance carriers and third-party agents to evaluate the performance of their marketing spend on our platform and manage their own return on investment. 
 Industry Overview 
 Insurance is one of the largest segments of the United States economy and is highly fragmented with over 2,500 insurance carriers and over 100,000 insurance agencies, which collectively issued policies representing over 2 trillion in premiums in 2021. To capture new policies and retain existing customers, U.S. insurance carriers spent 171 billion in 2021 on marketing and distribution, including 10.5 billion in digital advertising, based on data from S P Global Market Intelligence, Insider Intelligence, Inc., and our own estimates. 
 
 Market Opportunity 
 The challenges faced in the 171 billion insurance sales, marketing and distribution market create a significant opportunity for companies that can efficiently align consumers and providers. These challenges include: 
 Misalignment of providers and consumers creates an inefficient match between supply and demand 

A complex, fragmented and opaque market for consumers 

Inefficient advertising channels for insurance providers 

Due to these challenges, insurance providers are seeking more efficient ways to connect with consumers, and as a result the internet has become increasingly influential in consumer insurance shopping. While carriers continue to shift advertising dollars online in order to capitalize on the superior marketing characteristics of digital channels, the shift of marketing budgets online continues to lag the shift in consumer behavior. The insurance industry is also beginning to make products easier to buy and sell through digital channels with the integration and digitalization of insurance products. We believe that the rise of digital insurance products and shopping experiences will enable more personal, end-to-end shopping experiences, products and services. 
 5 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 Our Solution 
 Our results-driven marketplace, powered by our proprietary data and technology platform, matches and connects consumers seeking to purchase insurance with relevant options from our network of insurance providers, including our own DTC agents, saving consumers and providers time and money. 
 Proprietary, data-driven technology platform. Our platform efficiently attracts consumers shopping for insurance to our websites and call center, which match them to relevant providers for streamlined quoting. This enables us to maintain high levels of quality control and provide real-time referrals to insurance providers at the moment of the consumer s purchase intent. 
 Consumer engagement and benefits. We engage with consumers through user-friendly and easy-to-navigate websites that make shopping for insurance easy, cost-effective and more personal. We also connect with consumers who have completed a quote request with one of our verified partners. We aim to make the end-to-end shopping experience seamless by enabling consumers to securely share their data with matched providers, accelerating quoting and reducing repetition in the shopping process. Additionally, we engage with consumers offline through non-company branded television campaigns and consumer calls placed directly to a call center operated by us, by one of our verified partners, or by an insurance agent. 
 We offer consumers a streamlined and personalized insurance buying experience, providing the following key benefits: 
 Saving time and money 

A single starting point for a comprehensive insurance shopping experience 

A results-driven insurance shopping destination efficiently matching consumers with relevant options 

Seamless online or offline handoff to quote or bind a policy 

Insurance provider engagement and benefits. Insurance carriers and agents connect with our marketplace through our web-based provider portal. Our portal provides transparent, secure access to marketplace data regarding consumer type, volume and referral pricing, along with sophisticated campaign management tools for targeting consumers based on a wide array of attributes. Our tools are designed to integrate with insurance providers internal workflows to minimize administrative burden, and can incorporate quote, bind and lifetime value feedback, enabling providers to evaluate and optimize their acquisition and retention campaigns through a single interface. 
 We offer insurance providers the following key benefits: 
 Access to a high volume of in-market online consumers 

Efficient acquisition of consumers that match providers specific criteria 

High bind rates for referrals through broad data integration with providers 

A flexible advertising channel 

We derive our revenue from sales of consumer referrals to third-party insurance providers and directly from commissions on sales of policies by our DTC agents. 
 Our Strengths 
 We believe that our results driven marketplace provides us a competitive advantage based on the following key strengths: 
 Proprietary Data Assets and Algorithms. Our marketplace is powered by a proprietary data and technology platform that efficiently attracts insurance shoppers from a diverse and large array of sources, increases the bind rate for consumers, and we believe will drive down the cost of acquisition for providers over time as well as improve our own monetization. Our proprietary data assets and machine learning algorithms efficiently attract consumers, match them with relevant insurance providers and drive our overall business model. We utilize our data assets and machine learning capabilities throughout our business, from advertising and consumer acquisition to the innovation of new consumer and provider experiences, as well as to guide our strategic direction. As our data assets grow, our algorithms become more powerful. We believe our data science capabilities, combining the use of proprietary data assets with scalable machine learning driven automation, give us a significant competitive advantage . 
 Powerful network effects. Our insurance marketplace benefits from significant network effects. As we attract more consumers to our platform, we collect more data to improve user experience, which in turn improves conversion rates, which we believe will improve consumer satisfaction. Over time, the combination of these factors has increased consumer traffic, leading to more quote requests for our insurance providers. Increased quote requests, combined with quote and bind feedback, improve our third-party insurance providers advertising and marketing efficiency in our marketplace, resulting in more providers and provider spend. More providers and provider spend enable us to attract more consumers, generating more data. 
 6 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 Flexible business model. Our cost structure provides us with the flexibility to react to changes in the business cycle. Our largest expense advertising is variable and can be quickly adjusted to market conditions. During periods of economic expansion, we can increase advertising spend to attract consumers to our platform and further enhance the strength of our marketplace. Conversely, during economic downturns, advertising expenses can be rapidly reduced. We are also able to quickly adjust our advertising expense if we believe the revenue associated with it does not result in incremental profit to the business. 
 Breadth and scale of our distribution. Over the past decade, we have cultivated relationships with a broad range of insurance provider partners and currently have over 100 carriers participating in our marketplace either directly or via our network of approximately 8,000 agents as well as our own DTC agents. We believe that the breadth of our coverage provides a significant benefit to our consumers and is a key competitive advantage, particularly in our largest vertical of auto insurance where significantly all of the top carriers participate in our marketplace. 
 Agent workforce. Starting with our acquisitions of Crosspointe Insurance Financial Services, LLC, which we later renamed Eversurance, and Policy Fuel, LLC and its affiliated entities, or PolicyFuel, we significantly expanded the number of DTC agents on our platform. These agents allow us to directly offer insurance products to consumers, more efficiently serve insurance shoppers with a personalized experience and contribute to our data insight. 
 Ability to expand with significant operating leverage. We have leveraged our data assets, technology platform and engineering and data science capabilities, along with our growing audience of consumers and network of insurance providers, to expand our platform from the auto insurance market into other markets such as home, life and health insurance. We have the ability to enter new verticals with only a modest increase in headcount. 
 Diversified business model. Our marketplace operates in several insurance markets including auto, home and renters, life and health, which provides an opportunity to diversify our revenue base and expand our potential growth opportunities. Additionally, by operating in several verticals we can lessen our exposure to negative impacts in any one of these markets and through the expansion of our DTC agency offerings, we are able to generate revenue from carrier commissions, primarily from the sales of health and auto policies. 
 Our Growth Strategies 
 We aspire to be the largest online source of insurance policies by using data and technology to make insurance simpler, more affordable and personalized, ultimately reducing cost and risk. Data-driven innovation is at the core of our strategy, culture and operating focus. With our diverse team of analysts, engineers and business development employees, as well as our partnerships with leading third-party insurance providers, and our own DTC agents, we are working to build the largest and most trusted online insurance marketplace in the world. To achieve this goal, we intend to continue to grow our business by pursuing the following strategies: 
 Attract more consumers to our marketplace. We plan to expand the number of consumers reaching our marketplace through existing channels by leveraging the superior features and growing data assets of our platform. In addition, we may launch new marketing channels to acquire consumers both online and offline. We believe that there is an opportunity to attract substantially more high-intent consumers to our existing insurance offerings and that there are further expansion opportunities in adjacent verticals. 
 Add more insurance providers and increase revenue per provider. We plan to grow the number of insurance providers on our platform by demonstrating the value proposition of our marketplace as an efficient, scalable customer acquisition channel and adding new provider-facing features. While not a factor in our historical increases in revenue per quote request, we believe we have an opportunity to also increase the number of referrals per quote request while maintaining or increasing the bind rate per quote request, which would allow us to increase our revenue at limited marginal cost. In addition, we plan to expand revenue per provider by increasing consumer traffic and quote request volume, adding verticals and innovating advertiser products and services. 
 Despite the high costs, saturation and lower overall conversion rates associated with traditional advertising channels, such as television, radio and billboards, insurance carriers still allocate a significant portion of their advertising budgets towards these channels. We have achieved over 400 million in annual revenue while capturing only a small fraction of insurance marketing spend in aggregate and at an individual provider level. 
 7 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 Expand and deepen consumer engagement. We continuously leverage our data assets and growing consumer volume to conduct test-driven product development. We actively innovate with new consumer offerings and enhanced user experience to deepen consumer engagement. Our goal is to provide broader and more meaningful consumer experiences, leading to increased return visits, and higher frequency of interaction, which we believe will result in greater revenue per user. With our DTC agency offerings, we have expanded our opportunity to directly connect with insurance shoppers. We believe that our DTC agency experience enables us to deepen consumer-provider engagement by creating a more personalized and streamlined end-to-end consumer shopping journey, with enhanced product selection and less friction from arrival to policy sale. 
 Enhance our brand awareness. We believe we have significant long-term opportunities to increase our brand awareness. Historically, our marketing efforts have been focused on algorithmic consumer acquisition rather than brand marketing. We plan to further expand our marketing channels to drive greater brand recognition and attract a broader consumer audience. 
 Expand our platform. We regularly evaluate new products and services that we believe will attract more consumers, and deepen our consumer and insurance provider engagement, which we believe will result in enhanced monetization. In 2020, we launched our DTC agency offerings in our life vertical and, in our health insurance vertical through our acquisition of Eversurance, a specialized health insurance agency. In 2021, we launched our DTC agency offering in our automotive vertical through our acquisition of PolicyFuel, a policy-sales-as-a-service provider that enabled carriers to complement their own call center operations with access to dedicated advisor teams focused exclusively on selling that carrier s offerings. By expanding the range of products we offer to carriers and expanding our DTC offerings into new markets, we have been able to generate additional revenue. We also plan to continue to invest in the growth of our non-auto insurance verticals and expect to expand these areas by leveraging our customer acquisition capabilities, proprietary technology and data assets to attract consumers and build distribution. In addition, we may selectively look for opportunities to expand into additional non-auto insurance verticals beyond those currently in our marketplace, through either organic development or acquisition. 
 We believe there are additional opportunities to grow our business, such as expanding internationally and launching non-insurance financial service offerings. 
 Technology and Infrastructure 
 Our technology platform combines internally developed, third-party and open-source software. This combination allows for rapid development and release of high-performance technology solutions in a cost-effective and scalable manner. Our websites and supporting services, as well as our development and test environments, are hosted across industry-standard cloud providers such as Amazon Web Services and Google Cloud Platform. We use content delivery network solutions for fast, local access to our products. We use network, website, service and hardware-level monitoring, coupled with remote-content monitoring, to maintain a high level of uptime and availability for our systems with high-performance delivery. 
 Sales and Marketing 
 Our marketing efforts are designed to increase engagement by both consumers and insurance providers and enhance their awareness of our company. Our marketing spend across channels is fundamentally algorithmic and performance based. Over time, we believe we will increase our brand equity and recognition as we serve more ad impressions. Additionally, we have built an efficient, consultative sales and customer success organization, which sells our marketplace referrals to insurance carriers and agencies and engages directly with consumers to sell life and health insurance policies. 
 Consumer marketing. Our marketplace acquires consumers through both online and offline marketing efforts. Our online marketing efforts include search engines, display advertising, social media, email and content-based online advertising. Our online marketing also includes acquiring consumers that complete a quote request with one of our verified partners. Offline marketing efforts include non-company branded television campaigns and consumer calls placed directly to a call center operated by us, by one of our verified partners, or by an insurance agent. Our consumer marketing strategies are algorithmic and performance-based, leveraging our team of analysts, data scientists and engineers, along with our data assets and technology. We have built technology to automate our algorithmic traffic acquisition across multiple online advertising platforms. Our technology serves millions of advertising impressions per day across hundreds of acquisition sources in a diversified strategy including search, display, social, email and video, with no single acquisition partner accounting for more than 13 of quote requests. We believe the combination of our talent, data and technology provides us with competitive advantages in acquiring more consumers as we continue to scale our business. 
 Direct-to-consumer sales. Our DTC agency is a data-driven, sales and decision support contact center that assists consumers in reviewing and purchasing health and life insurance in a customer centric environment. We also operate as a policy-sales-as-a-service provider in our automotive vertical. This enables carriers to complement their own call center operations with access to our DTC agents that focus exclusively on selling that carrier s offerings. 
 8 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 Carrier sales and marketing. Our carrier marketing initiatives are designed to deliver high-value content on how carriers can increase efficiency in their customer acquisition efforts by capitalizing on the increasing targetability and personalization enabled by our marketplace. We focus on building deep relationships and establishing thought leadership among carriers through our presence at industry tradeshows, targeted delivery of whitepapers and other materials, and personal outreach to key decision makers and marketing teams. This team takes a data-driven approach to helping insurance carriers bind more policies with their target consumers at lower cost per sale than other channels. Our campaign management team develops a deep understanding of our carrier customers objectives to optimize their campaign performance and grow their budgets in our marketplace. 
 Agent sales and marketing. Our agent marketing initiatives are designed to reach, educate and acquire insurance agents not yet participating in our marketplace. Our agent marketing focuses on educating agents on how consumer buying behavior is changing and increasingly moving online and how they can better acquire and serve consumers in the digital world through participation in our marketplace. We reach new agents online through email, search, telephone calls, social media, and content marketing and in person at tradeshows and conferences. For our current agent customers, we communicate the value of our platform and educate them on its use through our onboarding process, ongoing outreach and account performance reports. Our agency sales team focuses on onboarding new agents. Our customer success team analyzes account performance and consults with agents to optimize their participation in our marketplace, help them achieve growth and return-on-investment objectives, expand volume and add products. 
 Our Customers 
 Our insurance provider customers include: 
 Carriers: Insurance carriers write auto, home and renters, life, and/or health insurance policies for consumers either directly and/or through agents. Our marketplace consists of an extensive network of national and regional carriers as well as technology enabled start-ups. We plan to continue to grow both the number of carriers participating in our marketplace and the level of participation from each carrier. We also receive commissions from our insurance carrier customers for policies sold by our own DTC agents. Our two largest customers, Progressive Casualty Insurance Company and State Farm Mutual Automobile Insurance Company, together accounted for 32 of our total revenue for the year ended December 31, 2022. 

Third-party Agents: Insurance agents deliver auto, home and renters, life, and/or health insurance to consumers on behalf of one or more carriers. As of December 31, 2022, we had approximately 8,000 enrolled insurance agencies on our platform as well as our own DTC agents. We are focused on further penetrating the large base of more than 100,000 insurance agencies in the United States. 

Competition 
 We face competition to attract consumers to our websites as well as for insurance provider advertising and marketing spend. 
 Competition for consumers. The competition for consumer traffic and advertising space online is broad and diverse. Our competitors offer various marketplaces, products and services that compete with us. Some of these competitors include internet search engines and social media platforms; brand advertisers and brand agencies across a spectrum of industries; sites operated by individual insurance providers; finance and credit savings sites; insurance lead-generation, affiliate and aggregator networks; and marketing services providers for insurers and general marketing services providers. We believe we compete favorably in attracting insurance shoppers due to our superior data assets, consumer acquisition technology, team and data sciences management infrastructure. We believe we also compete favorably in converting consumer traffic into referrals and, ultimately, purchased policies due to the depth of our provider network, our consumer matching algorithms and our intuitive and streamlined consumer interface. Furthermore, we believe the breadth of the insurance provider options in our marketplace gives us an inherent advantage over single-brand insurance providers with respect to conversion and bind rates for consumers. 
 Competition for insurance provider advertising and marketing spend. We compete for insurance providers advertising and marketing spend with other internet sites, performance marketers and online marketing service providers. We also compete with offline media, such as television, radio and direct mail. We believe we compete favorably on the basis of the scale and quality of our consumer referrals, our seamless handoff capability, our ability to align consumers with our providers preferences and business strategies and the targeting capabilities of our platform. 
 Employees and Human Capital Resources 
 Our company culture is data-driven, entrepreneurial, diverse and innovative. As of January 31, 2023, we had 619 employees, of which 612 were full-time. 
 Our human capital is integral to our future success. For that reason, our human capital resources objectives include attracting, retaining, developing and motivating a diverse team of highly skilled employees at all levels. We value our employees and provide them with competitive cash compensation as well as opportunities for equity ownership. The principal purposes of our equity 
 9 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 incentive plans are to attract, retain and motivate employees, consultants and directors through the granting of stock-based compensation awards in ways that encourage long-term retention and are aligned with the interests of our stockholders. We value our employees and regularly benchmark total rewards we provide, such as short- and long-term compensation, 401(k) contributions, health, welfare and quality of life benefits, paid time off and personal leave, against our industry peers to ensure we remain competitive and attractive to potential new hires. In addition, we regularly conduct employee surveys to gauge employee engagement and solicit feedback and enhance our understanding of the views of our employees, work environment and culture. The results from engagement surveys are used to implement programs and processes designed to enhance employee engagement and improve the employee experience. 
 Regulation 
 Our business operates in a heavily regulated industry. Various aspects of our business are, may become, or may be viewed by regulators from time to time as subject, directly or indirectly, to U.S. federal, state and foreign laws and regulations. We are affected by laws and regulations that apply to businesses in general and the insurance industry, as well as to businesses operating on the internet. This includes a continually expanding and evolving range of laws, regulations and standards that address financial services, information security, data protection, privacy and data collection, among other things. We are also subject to laws governing marketing and advertising activities conducted by telephone, email, mobile devices and the Internet, including the Telephone Consumer Protection Act, the Telemarketing Sales Rule, the Controlling the Assault of Non-Solicited Pornography and Marketing Act of 2003, the Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act, and similar state laws. In addition, we are a licensed insurance producer. Insurance is highly regulated by the states in which we do business, and we are required to comply with and maintain various licenses and approvals. Because the laws and regulations governing insurance, financial services, privacy, data security and marketing are constantly evolving and striving to keep pace with innovations in technology and media, it is possible that we may need to materially alter the way we conduct some parts of our business activities or be prohibited from conducting such activities altogether at some point in the future. 
 Intellectual Property 
 We seek to protect our intellectual property through a combination of copyrights, trademarks, service marks, domain names, trade secret laws, confidentiality procedures and contractual restrictions. 
 We have a number of registered and unregistered trademarks. We own federal registrations for trademarks including EVERQUOTE, as well as multiple pending applications. We will pursue additional trademark registrations to the extent we believe doing so would be beneficial to our competitive position. 
 We are the registered holder of a variety of domestic and international domain names that include EverQuote and similar variations. 
 In addition to relying on the protection provided by these intellectual property rights, we enter into confidentiality and proprietary rights agreements with our employees, consultants, contractors and business partners. Our employees and contractors are also subject to invention assignment agreements. We further control the use of our proprietary technology and intellectual property through provisions in both our general and specific terms of use on our website. 
 Our Corporate Information 
 We were incorporated in Delaware on August 1, 2008, under the name AdHarmonics, Inc., and changed our name to EverQuote, Inc. on November 17, 2014. Our principal executive offices are located at 210 Broadway, Cambridge, Massachusetts 02139, and our telephone number at that address is (855) 522-3444. Our website address is www.everquote.com. Our website and the information contained on, or that can be accessed through, the website will not be deemed to be incorporated by reference in, and are not considered part of, this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 Available Information 
 Our Internet address is www.everquote.com. Our Annual Reports on Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, Current Reports on Form 8-K, including exhibits, proxy and information statements and amendments to those reports filed or furnished pursuant to Sections 13(a), 14, and 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, or the Exchange Act, are available through the Investors portion of our website free of charge as soon as reasonably practicable after we electronically file such material with, or furnish it to, the SEC. Information on our website is not part of this Annual Report on Form 10-K or any of our other securities filings unless specifically incorporated herein by reference. In addition, our filings with the SEC may be accessed through the SEC s Electronic Data Gathering, Analysis and Retrieval system at http://www.sec.gov . All statements made in any of our securities filings, including all forward-looking statements or information, are made as of the date of the document in which the statement is included, and we do not assume or undertake any obligation to update any of those statements or documents unless we are required to do so by law. 
 10 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 ITEM 1A. RI SK FACTORS 
 Investing in our Class A common stock involves a high degree of risk. Certain factors may have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operation. You should carefully consider the risks and uncertainties described below, together with all of the other information included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, including our consolidated financial statements and the related notes, and in our other filings with the SEC. Our business, financial condition, operating results, cash flow and prospects could be materially and adversely affected by any of these risks or uncertainties. In that case, the trading price of our Class A common stock could decline, and you may lose all or part of your investment. 
 Risks Related to Our Business and Industry 
 Our business is dependent on our relationships with insurance providers with no long-term contractual commitments. If insurance providers stop purchasing consumer referrals from us or decrease the amount they are willing to spend per referral, or if we are unable to establish and maintain new relationships with insurance providers, our business, results of operations and financial condition could be materially adversely affected. 
 A substantial majority of our revenue is derived from sales of consumer referrals to insurance providers, including both insurance carriers and agents. Our relationships with insurance providers are dependent on our ability to deliver quality referrals at attractive volumes and prices. If insurance providers are not able to acquire their preferred referrals in our marketplace, they may stop buying referrals from us, or may decrease the amount they are willing to spend for referrals. Our agreements with insurance providers are short-term agreements, and insurance providers can stop participating in our marketplace at any time with no notice. As a result, we cannot guarantee that insurance providers will continue to work with us, or, if they do, the number of referrals they will purchase from us, the price they will pay per referral or their total spend with us. For example, in 2022, we experienced decreased auto insurance carrier marketing spend, which we believe was due to challenges in the auto insurance industry. In addition, we may not be able to attract new insurance providers to our marketplace or increase the amount of revenue we earn from insurance providers over time. 
 
 If we are unable to maintain existing relationships with insurance providers in our marketplace, or are unable to add new insurance providers, we may be unable to offer our consumers the shopping experience they expect. This deficiency could reduce consumers confidence in our services, making us less popular with consumers. As a result, consumers could cease to use us, or use us at a decreasing rate. 
 In addition, we derive revenue as a result of subsidy payments made by carriers to us on behalf of their agents. Our insurance carrier customers often provide subsidies for the benefit of agents to offset agents costs in connection with selling insurance policies from our referrals. Our carrier customers have no obligation to provide such subsidies and may reduce the amount of such subsidies or cease providing them at any time. If our carrier customers were to reduce the amounts of or cease providing such subsidies, our insurance agent customers may terminate or reduce the extent of their relationships with us. Because our insurance provider customers can stop buying from us, or spend less with us, at any time and our insurance carrier customers may cease providing subsidies to our insurance agent customers at any time, our business, results of operations and financial condition could be materially adversely affected with little to no notice. 
 We depend on search engines, display advertising, social media, email, content-based online advertising and other online sources to attract consumers to our websites or marketplace, and if we are unable to cost-effectively attract consumers and convert them into referrals that we can sell to our insurance provider customers, our business and financial results may be harmed. 
 Our success depends on our ability to attract online consumers to our websites or marketplace and convert those consumers into referrals that we can sell to our insurance provider customers. We depend, in part, on search engines, display advertising, social media, email, content-based online advertising and other online sources for our website traffic. We are included in search results as a result of both paid search listings, where we purchase specific search terms that result in the inclusion of our advertisement, and, separately, organic searches that depend upon the content on our sites. 
 Search engines, social media platforms and other online sources often revise their algorithms and introduce new advertising products. If one or more of the search engines or other online sources on which we rely for website traffic were to modify its general methodology for how it displays our advertisements, resulting in fewer consumers clicking through to our websites, our business could suffer. In addition, if our online display advertisements are no longer effective or are not able to reach certain consumers due to consumers use of ad-blocking software, our business could suffer. 
 11 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 If one or more of the search engines or other online sources on which we rely for purchased listings or visitor traffic modifies or terminates its relationship with us, our expenses could rise, we could lose consumer traffic to our websites, and a decrease in consumer traffic to our websites, for any reason, could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. Consumer traffic to our websites and the volume of quote requests generated by consumer traffic varies and can decline from to time. Additionally, even if we are successful in generating traffic to our websites, we may not be able to convert these visits into referrals. 
 We currently compete with numerous other online marketing companies, and we expect that competition will intensify. Some of these existing competitors may have more capital or complementary products or services than we do, and they may leverage their greater capital or diversification in a manner that adversely affects our competitive position. In addition, other newcomers, including major search engines and content aggregators, may be able to leverage their existing products and services to our disadvantage. We may be forced to expend significant resources to remain competitive with current and potential competitors. If any of our competitors are more successful than we are at attracting and retaining consumers, or if we are unable to effectively convert visits into referrals, our business, financial condition and results of operations could be materially adversely affected. 
 The ongoing COVID-19 pandemic could adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition. 
 Uncertainty remains as to the duration and severity of business disruptions related to the COVID-19 pandemic, as well as with respect to the full impact of the pandemic on the global economy and consumer confidence. As a result, we are unable to accurately predict the full impact that COVID-19 will have on our insurance provider customers or our users, or on our operating results, financial condition, liquidity and cash flows. The impact of the COVID-19 pandemic could also exacerbate other risks discussed in this Risk Factors section and this report, which could in turn have a material adverse effect on us. 
 To support the health and well-being of our employees, customers, partners and communities, a majority of our employees continue to work remotely, however our offices are open for use. Work-from-home measures we have implemented have introduced additional operational risks, including cybersecurity risks, and have affected the way we conduct our product and business development efforts as well as other activities, which could have an adverse effect on our operations. We are also unsure what additional actions our carrier and agent customers, as well as our users, may take in response to the COVID-19 pandemic. In addition, we are unable to predict how user behavior and the overall insurance markets will continue to evolve in response to the COVID-19 pandemic. 
 Although we expect that current cash and cash equivalent balances will be sufficient to meet our working capital needs and other capital and liquidity requirements for at least the next 12 months, if our access to capital is restricted or our borrowing costs increase as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic, our operations and financial condition could be adversely impacted. 
 We compete with other media for advertising spend from our insurance provider customers, and if we are unable to maintain or increase our share of the advertising spend of our insurance provider customers, our business could be harmed. 
 We compete for insurance provider advertising spend with traditional offline media such as television, billboards, radio, magazines and newspapers, as well as online sources such as websites, social media and websites dedicated to providing multiple quote insurance information. Our ability to attract and retain insurance provider customers, and to generate advertising revenue from them, depends on a number of factors, including: 
 the ability of our insurance provider customers to earn an attractive return on investment from their spending with us; 

our ability to increase the number of consumers using our marketplace; 

our ability to compete effectively with other media for advertising spending; and 

our ability to keep pace with changes in technology and the practices and offerings of our competitors. 

We may not succeed in retaining or capturing a greater share of our insurance provider customers advertising spending compared to alternative channels. If our current insurance provider customers reduce or end their advertising spending with us and we are unable to increase the spending of our other insurance provider customers or attract new insurance provider customers, our revenue and business and financial results would be materially adversely affected. Furthermore, we cannot assure you that the market for online marketing services will continue to grow. If the market for online marketing services fails to continue to develop or develops more slowly than we anticipate, the success of our business may be limited, and our revenue may decrease. 
 12 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 If consumers do not find value in our services or do not like the consumer experience on our platform, the number of referrals in our marketplace may decline, and our business, results of operations and financial condition could be materially adversely affected. 
 If we fail to provide a compelling insurance shopping experience to our consumers both through our web and mobile platforms, the number of consumer referrals purchased from us will decline, and insurance providers may terminate their relationships with us or reduce their spending with us. If insurance providers stop offering insurance in our marketplace, we may not be able to maintain and grow our consumer traffic, which may cause other insurance providers to stop using our marketplace. We believe that our ability to provide a compelling insurance shopping experience, both on the web and through mobile devices, is subject to a number of factors, including: 
 our ability to maintain a marketplace for consumers and insurance providers that efficiently captures user intent and effectively delivers relevant quotes to each individual insurance buyer; 

our ability to continue to innovate and improve our marketplace; 

our ability to launch new vertical offerings that are effective and have a high degree of consumer and insurance provider engagement; and 

our ability to access a sufficient amount of data to enable us to provide relevant quotes to consumers. 

If the use of our marketplace declines or does not continue to grow, our business and operating results would be harmed. 
 A significant portion of our revenue in recent periods was derived from two customers, and our results of operations could be adversely affected and stockholder value harmed if we lose business from these customers. 
 Sales to Progressive Casualty Insurance Company accounted for 21 of our revenue for the year ended December 31, 2022 and 16 of our revenue for the year ended December 31, 2021. Sales to State Farm Mutual Automobile Insurance Company accounted for 11 of our revenue for the year ended December 31, 2022, and less than 10 of our revenue for the year ended December 31, 2021. These customers made purchases from us under short-term agreements and may decrease or cease doing business with us at any time with no notice. As a result, we have no assurances that these customers will continue to purchase from us at their historical levels or at all. If these customers were to reduce their level of purchases from us or discontinue their relationships with us, the loss could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations in both the short and long term. 
 If our emails are not delivered and accepted or are routed by email providers less favorably than other emails our business may be substantially harmed. 
 If email providers implement new or more restrictive email or content delivery or accessibility policies it may become more difficult to deliver emails to consumers or for consumers to access our websites and services. For example, certain email providers, including Google, may categorize our emails as promotional, and these emails may be directed to an alternate, and less readily accessible, section of a consumer s inbox. If email providers materially limit or halt the delivery of our emails, or if we fail to deliver emails to consumers in a manner compatible with email providers email handling or authentication technologies, our ability to contact consumers through email could be significantly restricted. In addition, if we are placed on spam lists or lists of entities that have been involved in sending unwanted, unsolicited emails, our operating results and financial condition could be substantially harmed. 
 A significant portion of our revenue is derived from insurance providers acquiring referrals on an auction basis. If insurance providers decrease their bids or stop bidding in our auctions, our business, results of operations, liquidity and financial condition could be materially adversely affected. 
 Insurance providers in our marketplace participate in a unified, real-time auction. Since our agreements with insurance providers are short-term agreements, insurance providers can decrease their bids or stop participating in our auctions at any time with no notice. In addition, insurance providers frequently change their bidding in our auctions, which can make it difficult to predict revenue from period to period. Because our insurance provider customers can stop buying from us, or spend less with us, at any time our business, results of operations, liquidity and financial condition could be materially adversely affected with little to no notice. For example, some of our large auto insurance carrier customers reduced their bids in response to challenges in the auto insurance industry. 
 13 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 If we are unable to develop new offerings, achieve increased consumer adoption of those offerings or penetrate new vertical markets, our business and financial results could be materially adversely affected. 
 Our success depends on our continued innovation to provide product and service offerings that make our marketplace and websites useful for consumers. These new offerings must be widely adopted by consumers in order for us to continue to attract insurance providers to our marketplace. Accordingly, we must continually invest resources in product, technology and development in order to improve the comprehensiveness and effectiveness of our marketplace and its related product and service offerings and effectively incorporate new internet and mobile technologies into them. These product, technology and development expenses may include costs of hiring additional personnel and of engaging third-party service providers and other research and development costs. 
 Without an innovative marketplace and related product and service offerings, we may be unable to attract additional consumers or retain current consumers, which could adversely affect our ability to attract and retain insurance providers who want to participate in our marketplace, which could, in turn, harm our business and financial results. In addition, while we have historically concentrated our efforts on the automobile insurance market, we will need to further penetrate additional vertical markets, such as home and renters, life and health insurance, in order to achieve our long-term growth goals. Our success in the automobile insurance market depends on our deep understanding of this industry. In order to penetrate new vertical markets, we will need to develop a similar understanding of those new markets and the associated business challenges faced by participants in them. Developing this level of understanding may require substantial investments of time and resources and we may not be successful. In addition, these new vertical markets may have specific risks associated with them. If we fail to penetrate new vertical markets successfully, our revenue may grow at a slower rate than we anticipate and our financial condition could suffer. 
 Our business is substantially dependent on revenue from automotive insurance providers and subject to risks related to automotive insurance and the larger automotive industry. Our business may also be adversely affected by downturns in the home and renters, life and health insurance industries. 
 A substantial majority of the referrals made through our marketplace are for automobile insurance and our financial prospects depend significantly on the larger automotive industry ecosystem. Revenue from automotive insurance providers accounted for 80 of our total revenue for the year ended December 31, 2022 and 79 of our total revenue for the year ended December 31, 2021. If insurance carriers experience large or unexpected losses through the offering of insurance, these carriers may choose to decrease the amount of money they spend with us. For example, starting in late 2021 and continuing through 2022, many auto insurance carriers experienced larger than expected loss-ratios, which resulted in a decreasing spend in our marketplace. While we began to see the first major carrier return to more normalized historical spending patterns in August 2022, Hurricane Ian, which made landfall in Florida in September 2022, put incremental, downward pressure on carrier marketing spend. In addition, decreases in consumer demand in the automotive industry in general could adversely affect the demand for insurance and, in turn, the number of consumers using our marketplace to request insurance quotes. For example, trends in the automotive industry, such as from the effects of ride sharing applications, including Uber and Lyft, distracted driving and autonomous driving technologies, have the potential to adversely affect automobile purchases and to decrease the demand for auto insurance. Similarly, we believe that shortages of semiconductor chips for new car production, as well as the availability of automotive parts used in car repair, have resulted in higher insurance claims losses and increasing insurance carrier loss ratios. 
 We depend on third-party publishers, including strategic partners, for a significant portion of our visitors. Any decline in the supply of media available through these third-party publishers websites or increase in the price of this media could cause our revenue to decline or our cost to reach visitors to increase. 
 A significant portion of our revenue is attributable to visitor traffic originating from third-party publishers (including strategic partners). In many instances, third-party publishers can change the media inventory they make available to us at any time in ways that could impact our results of operations. In addition, third-party publishers may place significant restrictions on our offerings. These restrictions may prohibit advertisements from specific clients or specific industries, or restrict the use of certain creative content or formats. If a third-party publisher decides not to make its media channel or inventory available to us or decides to demand a higher cost for such inventory, we may not be able to find media inventory from other websites that satisfies our requirements in a timely and cost-effective manner. Consolidation of internet advertising networks and third-party publishers could eventually lead to a concentration of desirable inventory on websites or networks owned by a small number of individuals or entities, which could limit the supply or impact the pricing of inventory available to us. Additionally, third-party publishers may use advertising creatives that do not meet our compliance guidelines or that of our insurance provider customers, which could result in loss of revenue and reputational harm. As a result, we may not be able to acquire media inventory that meets our insurance provider s performance, price, and quality requirements, in which case our revenue could decline, or our operating costs could increase. 
 14 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 Changes in the health insurance market or in the variety, quality and affordability of the insurance products offered by our insurance carrier partners could harm our business, operating results, financial condition and prospects. 
 The demand for our agency services is impacted by the health insurance market generally as well as the variety, quality and price of the insurance products we distribute. If insurance carriers do not continue to provide us with a variety of high-quality, affordable insurance products, or if, as a result of consolidation in the insurance industry or otherwise their offerings are limited, our sales may decrease and our business, operating results, financial condition and prospects could be harmed. 
 The commissions received by our DTC agency are set by our insurance carrier partners and can be reduced with little to no notice. Additionally, our insurance carrier partners can also change their underwriting practices in ways that reduce the number of insurance policies we sell, which could harm our business, operating results, financial condition, liquidity and prospects. 
 Our commission rates from our insurance carrier partners are typically set by each carrier or negotiated between us and each carrier, and carriers can alter, and have altered, these commission rates with relatively short notice. Changes of this nature could result in reduced commissions or impact our relationship with such carriers. In addition, carriers periodically change the criteria they use for determining whether they are willing to insure individuals. Future changes in insurance carrier underwriting criteria could negatively impact sales of, or the renewal or approval rates of, insurance policies on our distribution platform and could harm our business, operating results, financial condition, liquidity and prospects. 
 Our insurance carrier partners can choose to no longer offer products and services through us and may instead sell directly to consumers or through our competitors. 
 Our DTC agents are appointed by our insurance carrier partners to sell insurance products. None of these appointments are exclusive, and consumers may obtain quotes from, and purchase the same insurance policies we sell directly from the carrier, or from our competitors. Insurance carriers often attract consumers directly through their own marketing campaigns or other methods of distribution, such as referral arrangements, internet sites, physical storefront operations or broker agreements. Furthermore, our insurance carrier partners could discontinue distributing their products through our agency services, which would reduce the breadth of the products we distribute and could put us at a competitive disadvantage. If consumers seek insurance policies directly from insurance carriers or through our competitors, the number of consumers shopping for insurance through our platform may decline, and our business, operating results, financial condition and prospects could be materially adversely affected. 
 If our ability to enroll individuals during the health insurance Annual Enrollment Period and Open Enrollment Period is impeded, our business will be harmed. 
 In general, our Medicare Advantage and Medicare Supplement policies are submitted during the Annual Enrollment Period, or AEP. Our agents, systems and processes must handle an increased volume of transactions that occur during the AEP and the Open Enrollment Period, or OEP. To accommodate this increased volume, we hire additional agents during these periods. In order for agents to be effective, we must ensure that such agents are properly trained, licensed, appointed and certified to the extent required by state authorities and our insurance carrier partners. If technology failures, any inability to timely employ, license, train, certify and retain our employees to sell health insurance products, interruptions in the operation of our systems, issues with government-run health insurance exchanges, weather-related events that prevent our employees from coming to our offices, or any other circumstances prevent our health insurance agency from operating as expected during an enrollment period, we could sell fewer policies and suffer a reduction in our business and our operating results, financial condition, prospects and profitability could be materially adversely affected. 
 If our DTC agents are unable to effectively convert consumer referrals to bound insurance policies, our business may be adversely affected. 
 Our DTC agency depends on our ability to successfully obtain insurance referrals and convert those referrals to bound policies. If we are unable to convert these consumers, or if our conversion rates do not match our expectations, our business may be substantially impacted. Many factors impact our conversion rate, including the quality of our referrals, the effectiveness of our agents, and the effectiveness of our workflow technology. If referral quality diminishes, our conversion rates will be adversely affected. Competition in the marketplace and referral quality affect conversion rates. If competition for customers increases, our referral costs will increase and conversion rates may decline, even absent a degradation in referral quality. Our conversion rates are also affected by agent tenure. If agent turnover increases, leading to a decline in the average tenure of our agents, conversion rates may be adversely affected. If we are unable to recruit, train and retain talented agents, our ability to successfully convert consumer referrals may be adversely impacted. Our conversion rates may also be affected by issues with our workflow technology. Any adverse impact on our conversion rates could cause a material and adverse effect on our business, operating results, financial condition and prospects. 
 15 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 Our business is dependent on our obtaining a large quantity of high-intent consumer referrals in a cost-effective manner. 
 Our business requires access to a large quantity of quality consumer referrals to keep our agents productive. We are dependent upon a number of lead suppliers from whom we obtain consumer referrals to support our sales of insurance policies. The loss of one or more of these referral sources, or our failure to otherwise compete to secure quality consumer referrals, could significantly limit our ability to access our target market for selling policies. 
 We may not be able to compete successfully for high-quality referrals against our current or future competitors, some of whom have significantly greater financial, technical, marketing and other resources than we do. If we fail to compete successfully with our competitors to source high intent consumers, we may experience increased marketing costs, lower policy sales, and loss of market share, and our business and profitability could be materially adversely affected. 
 If we fail to build and maintain our brand, our ability to expand the use of our marketplace by consumers and insurance providers may be adversely affected. 
 Our future success depends upon our ability to create and maintain brand recognition and a reputation for delivering easy, efficient and personal insurance shopping. A failure by us to build our brand and deliver on these expectations could harm our reputation and damage our ability to attract and retain consumers, which could adversely affect our business. If consumers do not perceive our marketplace as a better insurance shopping experience, our reputation and the strength of our brand may be adversely affected. 
 Many of our competitors have more resources than we do and can spend more advertising their brands and services. As a result, we are required to spend considerable money and other resources to create brand awareness and build our reputation. Should the need or competition for top-of-mind awareness and brand preference increase, we may not be able to build brand awareness, and our efforts at building, maintaining and enhancing our reputation could fail. Even if we are successful in our branding efforts, such efforts may not be cost-effective. If we are unable to maintain or enhance consumer awareness of our brand cost-effectively, our business, results of operations and financial condition could be materially adversely affected. 
 Complaints or negative publicity about our business practices, our marketing and advertising campaigns, our compliance with applicable laws and regulations, the integrity of the data that we provide to consumers, data privacy and security issues, and other aspects of our business, whether valid or not, could diminish confidence and participation in our marketplace and could adversely affect our reputation and business. There can be no assurance that we will be able to maintain or enhance our brand, and failure to do so would harm our business growth prospects and operating results. 
 Our marketing efforts may not be successful. 
 We currently rely on performance marketing channels that must deliver on metrics that are selected by our insurance provider customers and are subject to change at any time. We are unable to control how our insurance provider customers evaluate our performance. Certain of these metrics are subject to inherent challenges in measurement, and real or perceived inaccuracies in such metrics may harm our reputation and adversely affect our business. In addition, the metrics we provide may differ from estimates published by third parties or from similar metrics of our competitors due to differences in methodology. If our insurance provider customers do not perceive our metrics to be accurate, or if we discover material inaccuracies in our metrics, it could adversely affect our online marketing efforts and business. 
 In addition, we plan to further expand our marketing efforts in offline channels such as television and radio. We face significant competition in marketing on offline channels, including from competitors and insurance carriers who may have significantly greater resources and brand recognition than we do. If we fail to expand our marketing efforts in offline channels or to market ourselves successfully on such channels, we may not experience the increases in consumer traffic and the increased referral and advertising revenue necessary to grow our business, which could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations and financial results. 
 Failure to increase our revenue or reduce our sales and marketing expense as a percentage of revenue would adversely affect our financial condition, liquidity and profitability. 
 We expect to make significant future investments to support the further development and expansion of our business, and these investments may not result in increased revenue or growth on a timely basis or at all. Furthermore, these investments may not decrease as a percentage of revenue if our business grows. In particular, we intend to continue investing in marketing to our consumers to increase brand awareness, including through television and radio advertisements. There can be no assurance that these investments will increase revenue or that we will eventually be able to decrease our sales and marketing expense as a percentage of revenue, and failure to do so would adversely affect our financial condition, liquidity and profitability. 
 16 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 We participate in a highly competitive market, and pressure from existing and new companies may adversely affect our business and operating results. 
 We face significant competition from companies that provide information and insurance-buying services designed to help consumers shop for insurance and to enable insurance providers to reach these consumers. Our competitors offer various products and services that compete with us. Some of these competitors include: 
 companies that operate, or could develop, insurance search websites; 

media sites, including websites dedicated to providing multiple quote insurance information and financial services information generally; 

internet search engines; and 

individual insurance providers, including through the operation of their own websites, physical storefront operations and broker arrangements. 

We compete with these and other companies for a share of insurance providers overall budget for online and offline media marketing and referral spend. To the extent that insurance providers view alternative marketing and media strategies to be superior to our marketplace, we may not be able to maintain or grow the number of insurance providers using, and advertising on, our marketplace, and our business and financial results may be harmed. 
 Our competitors could significantly impede our ability to maintain or expand the number of consumers and insurance providers using our marketplace. Our competitors also may develop and market new technologies that render our marketplace less competitive, unmarketable or obsolete. In addition, if our competitors develop marketplaces with similar or superior functionality to ours, and our web traffic declines, we may need to decrease our referral and advertising fees. If we are unable to maintain our current pricing structure due to competitive pressures, our revenue would likely be reduced and our financial results would be adversely affected. 
 Our existing and potential competitors may have significantly more financial, technical, marketing and other resources than we have, and the ability to devote greater resources to the development, promotion and support of their marketplaces, products and services. In addition, they may have more extensive insurance industry relationships than we have, longer operating histories and greater name recognition. As a result, these competitors may be able to respond more quickly with new technologies and to undertake more extensive marketing or promotional campaigns than we can. In addition, to the extent that any of our competitors have existing relationships with insurance providers for marketing or data analytics solutions, those insurance providers may be unwilling to partner with us. If we are unable to compete with these competitors, the demand for our marketplace and related products and services could substantially decline. 
 In addition, if one or more of our competitors were to merge or partner with another of our competitors, the change in the competitive landscape could adversely affect our ability to compete effectively. We may not be able to compete successfully against current or future competitors, and competitive pressures may harm our business and financial results. 
 We have limited experience, and may not be successful, in acquiring consumers from offline sources. 
 We acquire consumers through limited offline sources, including television advertisements, direct mail and inbound calls from consumers. We may not succeed in advertising and acquiring consumers to these channels and may incur substantial costs without corresponding benefit. In addition, consumers that request quotes through offline sources like inbound calls do not provide the same level of consumer data as we receive from our online sources and as a result, we may not be able to successfully match these consumers with insurance providers. 
 17 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 We have increased reliance on acquiring consumer quote requests from third-party sources and as a result we may not be successful with our verified partner network. 
 Through our verified partner network, we acquire consumer quote requests that are submitted by consumers directly to select third parties. While we have increased the number of quote requests acquired from these third-party sources, we still have limited experience in acquiring quote requests from third-party providers, we do not know if we will be able to continue to acquire verified partner network quote requests in significant volume, at prices that are attractive, whether the consumers will represent high-intent insurance shoppers, or whether insurance providers in our marketplace will purchase referrals for consumers acquired through our verified partner network. A dditionally, any failure by us or third parties in our verified partner network on which we rely for quote requests to adhere to or successfully implement appropriate processes and procedures in response to existing regulations and changing regulatory requirements could result in significant legal and monetary liability, including fines and penalties, or damage to our reputation in the marketplace, any of which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 
 A significant portion of the agents in our marketplace are affiliated with a limited number of insurance carriers. In the event one or more of these carriers no longer supports, or advises against, acquiring referrals in our marketplace, our business, results of operations and financial condition could be materially adversely affected. 
 Our marketplace includes thousands of insurance agencies, a significant portion of which are affiliated with a limited number of carriers. If a carrier no longer supports our service, no longer provides a subsidy for our referrals, or advises that its agents no longer do business with us, we could lose a substantial number of these agents in our marketplace, which could harm our brand, results of operations and overall business. 
 Our business depends on our ability to maintain and improve the technology infrastructure necessary to send marketing emails and operate our websites, and any significant disruption in service on our email network infrastructure or websites could result in a loss of consumers, which could harm our business, brand, operating results and financial condition. 
 Our brand, reputation and ability to attract consumers and insurance providers depend on the reliable performance of our technology infrastructure and content delivery. We use emails to attract consumers to our marketplace. Our systems may not be adequately designed with the necessary reliability and redundancy to avoid performance delays or outages that could be prolonged and harmful to our business. If our websites are unavailable when users attempt to access them, or if they do not load as quickly as expected, users may not return as often in the future, or at all. As our user base and the amount of information shared on our websites continue to grow, we will need an increasing amount of network capacity and computing power. We have spent and expect to continue to spend substantial amounts on network infrastructure and services to handle the traffic on our websites and to help shorten the length of or prevent system interruptions. The operation of these systems is expensive and complex and we could experience operational failures. Interruptions, delays or failures in these systems, whether due to earthquakes, adverse weather conditions, other natural disasters, power loss, computer viruses, cybersecurity attacks, physical break-ins, terrorism, errors in our software or otherwise, could be prolonged and could affect the security or availability of our websites and applications, and prevent consumers from accessing our services. Such interruptions also could result in third parties accessing our confidential and proprietary information, including our intellectual property or consumer information. Problems with the reliability or security of our systems could harm our reputation, our ability to protect our confidential and proprietary information, result in a loss of users of our marketplace or result in additional costs. If we do not maintain or expand our network infrastructure successfully or if we experience operational failures or prolonged disruptions or delays in the availability of our systems or a significant search engine, we could lose current and potential consumers, which could harm our operating results and financial condition. 
 Substantially all of the communications, network and computer hardware used to operate our websites are located in the United States in Amazon Web Services and Google Cloud Platform data centers. Although we believe our systems are fully redundant, there may be exceptions for certain hardware. In addition, we do not own or control the operation of these facilities. Our systems and operations are vulnerable to damage or interruption from fire, flood, power loss, telecommunications failure, terrorist attacks, acts of war, electronic and physical break-ins, computer viruses, earthquakes and similar events. The occurrence of any of these events could result in damage to our systems and hardware or could cause them to fail. In addition, we may not have sufficient protection or recovery plans in certain circumstances. 
 Problems faced by our third-party web hosting providers could adversely affect the experience of users of our marketplace. Our third-party web hosting providers could close their facilities without adequate notice. Any financial difficulties, up to and including bankruptcy, faced by our third-party web hosting providers or any of the service providers with whom they contract may have adverse effects on our business, the nature and extent of which are difficult to predict. If our third-party web hosting providers are unable to keep up with our growing capacity needs, our business could be harmed. 
 18 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 Any errors, defects, disruptions or other performance or reliability problems with our network operations could cause interruptions in access to our marketplace as well as delays and additional expense in arranging new facilities and services and could harm our reputation, business, operating results and financial condition. Although we carry business interruption insurance, it may not be sufficient to compensate us for the potentially significant losses, including the potential harm to the future growth of our business that may result from interruptions in our service as a result of system failures. 
 Consumer adoption of call blocking technology may reduce, and restrictions implemented by telephone carriers and communications platforms have reduced, our ability to call or text message our consumers, which could significantly decrease the number of referrals and value of our data referrals and substantially harm our business. 
 Increased adoption of call blocking technology may prevent us from reaching our consumers that have expressed an interest in getting insurance information. Additionally, telephone carriers and communication platforms have themselves placed restrictions on our ability to call or send text messages to our consumers. If calls or text messages to our consumers are blocked, or if insurance providers obtaining data referrals have their calls or text messages blocked due to these call blocking technologies or restrictions, we may see a significant decrease in referrals, the value of our referrals and the number of data and call referrals we are able to sell to insurance providers which could materially adversely impact our business. 
 We depend on key personnel to operate our business, and if we are unable to retain, attract and integrate qualified personnel, our ability to develop and successfully grow our business could be harmed. 
 We believe our success depends on the efforts and talents of our executives and employees. Our future success depends on our continuing ability to attract, develop, motivate and retain highly qualified and skilled employees. Qualified individuals are in high demand, and we may incur significant costs to attract and retain them. Experienced information technology personnel, who are critical to the success of our business, are in particularly high demand. Competition for their talents is intense, and retaining such individuals can be difficult. The loss of any of our executive officers or key employees could materially adversely affect our ability to execute our business plan and strategy, and we may not be able to find adequate replacements on a timely basis, or at all. Our executive officers and other employees are at-will employees, which means they may terminate their employment relationships with us at any time, and their knowledge of our business and industry would be extremely difficult to replace. We cannot ensure that we will be able to retain the services of any members of our senior management or other key employees. If we do not succeed in attracting well-qualified employees or retaining and motivating existing employees, our business could be materially adversely affected. 
 If we are unable to successfully respond to changes in the market, our business could be harmed. 
 While our business has grown rapidly as consumers and insurance providers have increasingly accessed our marketplace, we expect that our business will evolve in ways that may be difficult to predict. For example, we anticipate that over time we may reach a point when investments in new user traffic are less productive and the continued growth of our revenue will require more focus on developing new product and service offerings for consumers and insurance providers, expanding our marketplaces into new international markets and new industries to attract new customers, and increasing our referral and advertising fees. It is also possible that consumers and insurance providers could broadly determine that they no longer believe in the efficiency and effectiveness of our marketplace. Our continued success will depend on our ability to successfully adjust our strategy to meet the changing market dynamics. If we are unable to do so, our business could be harmed and our results of operations and financial condition could be materially adversely affected. 
 We have incurred net losses in the past and we may generate losses in the future. 
 We have incurred net losses in the past and have never generated net income on an annual basis. We anticipate that our operating expenses and capital expenditures will increase in the foreseeable future as we invest to expand our business. Our expansion efforts may prove more expensive than we anticipate, and we may not succeed in increasing our revenue and margins sufficiently to offset the higher expenses. We incur significant expenses in acquiring consumers, developing our technology and marketing the products and services we offer. Our costs also may increase due to our continued new product development and general administrative expenses, such as legal and accounting expenses related to being a public company. If we fail to increase our revenue or manage these additional costs, we may continue to incur losses in the future. 
 We expect our results of operations to fluctuate on a quarterly and annual basis. 
 Our revenue and results of operations could vary significantly from period to period and may fail to match expectations as a result of a variety of factors, some of which are outside of our control. Our results may vary as a result of fluctuations in the number of consumers and insurance providers using our marketplace and the size and seasonal variability of the marketing budgets of our insurance provider customers. In addition, the auto, home and renters, life and health insurance industries may each be subject to their 
 19 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 own cyclical trends and uncertainties. Fluctuations and variability across these different verticals may affect our revenue. As a result of the potential variations in our revenue and results of operations, period-to-period comparisons may not be meaningful and the results of any one period should not be relied on as an indication of future performance. In addition, our results of operations may not meet the expectations of investors or public market analysts who follow us, which may adversely affect our stock price. 
 Our revenue declined from 2021 to 2022 and our past revenue growth may not be indicative of future growth. 
 Our revenue decreased from 418.5 million in 2021 to 404.1 million in 2022, a decrease of 3.4 . While our revenue grew from 122.8 million in 2016 to 126.2 million in 2017, to 163.3 million in 2018, to 248.8 million in 2019, to 346.9 million in 2020 and to 418.5 million in 2021, increases of 2.8 , 29.4 , 52.3 , 39.4 and 20.6 , respectively, this historical growth may not be indicative of future growth, if any, and our revenue could continue to decline. We will not be able to grow as expected, or at all, if we do not accomplish the following: 
 increase the number of consumers using our marketplace; 

maintain and expand the number of insurance providers that use our marketplace or our revenue per provider; 

further improve the quality of our marketplace, and introduce high-quality new products; and 

increase the number of insurance shoppers acquired by insurance providers on our marketplace. 

Our revenue may also be adversely impacted if we are unable to achieve high market penetration rates as we experience increased competition. If we are unable to achieve further revenue growth, or our revenue declines further, investors perceptions of our business may be adversely affected and the market price of our Class A common stock could decline. 
 Our operating results may be impacted by factors that impact our estimate of the constrained lifetime value of commissions per policy. 
 We recognize commission revenue based on the latest estimated constrained lifetime value, or constrained LTV, for each product. Constrained LTVs are impacted by a number of factors, which include, but are not limited to, carrier mix, policy duration and conversion rates of paying policies. These factors impact historical trends and changes in those factors or in historical trends will affect our constrained LTV estimates in future periods and therefore could adversely affect our revenue and financial results in those future periods. As a result, adverse changes in the constraints we apply or the assumptions we make in computing expected lifetime values, such as increased cancellation rates or lower renewal rates, would harm our business, operating results, financial condition and prospects. 
 Additionally, if customer cancellation rates exceed our expectations or renewal rates are less than expected, we may not receive the commission revenue we have projected to receive, despite our having incurred and recorded the cost to sell the policy. Any adverse impact on cancellation or renewal rates could lead to our receipt of commission payments that are less than the amount we estimated when we recognized commission revenue. Under such circumstances, we would need to decrease the remaining commissions receivable balance, which would result in a change to earnings in the period of the write-off. 
 Our dedication to making decisions based primarily on the best interests of our company and stockholders may cause us to forgo short-term gains in pursuit of potential but uncertain long-term growth. 
 Our guiding principle is to build our business by making decisions based primarily upon the best interests of our entire marketplace, including consumers and insurance providers, which we believe has been essential to our success in increasing our user growth rate and engagement and best serves the long-term interests of our company and our stockholders. In the past, we have forgone, and we will in the future continue to forgo, certain expansion or short-term revenue opportunities that we do not believe are in the best interests of our marketplace and its users, even if such decisions adversely affect our results of operations in the short term. However, this strategy may not result in the long-term benefits that we expect, in which case our user traffic and engagement, business and financial results could be harmed. 
 We collect, process, store, share, disclose and use consumer information and other data, and our actual or perceived failure to protect such information and data or respect users privacy could damage our reputation and brand and harm our business and operating results. 
 Use of our marketplace involves the storage and transmission of consumers information, including personal information, and security breaches could expose us to a risk of loss or exposure of this information, which could result in potential liability, litigation 
 20 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 and remediation costs, as well as reputational harm, all of which could materially adversely affect our business and financial results. For example, unauthorized parties could steal our users names, email addresses, physical addresses, phone numbers and other information that we collect when providing referrals. While we use encryption and authentication technology licensed from third parties designed to effect secure transmission of such information, we cannot guarantee the security of the transfer and storage of the personal information we collect from customers. 
 Cybersecurity risks have significantly increased in recent years, in part, because of the proliferation of new technologies, the use of the internet and telecommunications technologies to exchange information and conduct transactions, and the increased sophistication and activities of computer hackers, organized crime, terrorists, and other external parties, including foreign state actors. We have been subject to, and are likely to continue to be the target of, cyberattacks. These cyberattacks could include computer viruses, malicious or destructive code, phishing attacks, denial of service or information, improper access by employees or third-party partners or other security breaches that have or could in the future result in the unauthorized release, gathering, monitoring, misuse, loss or destruction of our confidential, proprietary and other information, confidential and other information concerning employees or consumers, or otherwise materially disrupt our or our other third-party partners' network access or business operations. We also have employees and contractors that are located outside of the United States. These individuals may be at greater risk of cyberattacks, and we may not be able to successfully secure our data. 
 Although we have a chief information officer who coordinates our cybersecurity measures, policies and procedures, and our chief information officer regularly reports to our board of directors regarding these matters, we cannot be certain that our efforts, as well as those of our third-party partners and service providers, will be able to prevent breaches of the security of our information systems and technology. If we, or any of our third-party partners and service providers, experience compromises to security that result in websites performance or availability problems, the complete shutdown of our websites or the loss or unauthorized disclosure, access, acquisition, alteration or use of confidential information, consumers and insurance providers may lose trust and confidence in us, and consumers and insurance providers may decrease the use of our website or stop using our website entirely. Further, outside parties may attempt to fraudulently induce employees, consumers or insurance providers to disclose sensitive information in order to gain access to our information or consumers or insurance providers information. Because the techniques used to obtain unauthorized access, disable or degrade service, or sabotage systems change frequently, often are not recognized until launched against a target, and may originate from less regulated and remote areas around the world, we may be unable to proactively address these techniques or to implement adequate preventative measures. 
 Any or all of the issues above could adversely affect our ability to attract new users and increase engagement by existing users, cause existing users to curtail or stop use of our marketplace, cause existing insurance provider customers to cancel their contracts or subject us to governmental or third-party lawsuits, investigations, regulatory fines or other actions or liability, thereby harming our business, results of operations and financial condition. Although we are not aware of any material information security incidents to date, we have detected common types of attempts to attack our information systems and data using means that have included viruses and phishing. 
 There are numerous federal, state and local laws in the United States and around the world regarding privacy and the collection, processing, storing, sharing, disclosing, using, cross-border transfer and protecting of personal information and other data, the scope of which are changing, subject to differing interpretations, and which may be costly to comply with, may result in regulatory fines or penalties, and may be inconsistent between countries and jurisdictions or conflict with other rules. 
 We are subject to the terms of our privacy policies and privacy-related obligations to third parties. We strive to comply with all applicable laws, policies, legal obligations and industry codes of conduct relating to privacy and data protection, to the extent possible. However, it is possible that these obligations may be interpreted and applied in new ways or in a manner that is inconsistent from one jurisdiction to another and may conflict with other rules or our practices or that new regulations could be enacted. Any failure or perceived failure by us to comply with our privacy policies, our privacy-related obligations to consumers or other third parties, or our privacy-related legal obligations, or any compromise of security that results in the unauthorized release or transfer of sensitive information, which could include personally identifiable information or other user data, may result in governmental investigations, enforcement actions, regulatory fines, litigation or public statements against us by consumer advocacy groups or others, and could cause consumers and insurance providers to lose trust in us, all of which could be costly and have an adverse effect on our business. In addition, new and changed rules and regulations regarding privacy, data protection and cross-border transfers of consumer information could cause us to delay planned uses and disclosures of data to comply with applicable privacy and data protection requirements. Moreover, if third parties that we work with violate applicable laws or our policies, such violations also may put consumer or insurance provider information at risk and could in turn harm our reputation, business and operating results. 
 21 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 We are subject to a number of risks related to the credit card and debit card payments we accept. 
 We accept payments through credit and debit card transactions. For credit and debit card payments, we pay interchange and other fees, which may increase over time. An increase in those fees may require us to increase the prices we charge and would increase our operating expenses, either of which could harm our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 We currently rely exclusively on one third-party vendor to provide payment processing services, including the processing of payments from credit cards and debit cards, and our business would be disrupted if this vendor becomes unwilling or unable to provide these services to us and we are unable to find a suitable replacement on a timely basis. If we or our processing vendor fail to maintain adequate systems for the authorization and processing of credit card transactions, it could cause one or more of the major credit card companies to disallow our continued use of their payment products. In addition, if these systems fail to work properly and, as a result, we do not charge our customers credit cards on a timely basis or at all, our business, revenue, results of operations and financial condition could be harmed. 
 We are also subject to payment card association operating rules, certification requirements and rules governing electronic funds transfers, which could change or be reinterpreted to make it more difficult for us to comply. We are required to comply with payment card industry security standards. Failing to comply with those standards may violate payment card association operating rules, federal and state laws and regulations, and the terms of our contracts with payment processors. Any failure to comply fully also may subject us to fines, penalties, damages and civil liability, and may result in the loss of our ability to accept credit and debit card payments. Further, there is no guarantee that such compliance will prevent illegal or improper use of our payment systems or the theft, loss or misuse of data pertaining to credit and debit cards, card holders and transactions. 
 We may acquire other companies or technologies, which could divert our management s attention, result in additional dilution to our stockholders and otherwise disrupt our operations and harm our operating results. 
 Our success will depend, in part, on our ability to grow our business in response to the demands of consumers, insurance providers and other constituents within the insurance industry as well as competitive pressures. In some circumstances, we may determine to do so through the acquisition of complementary businesses and technologies rather than through internal development. For example, in September 2020, we acquired Eversurance, and in August 2021, we acquired PolicyFuel. The identification of suitable acquisition candidates can be difficult, time-consuming and costly, and we may not be able to successfully complete identified acquisitions. The risks we face in connection with acquisitions include: 
 diversion of management time and focus from operating our business to addressing acquisition integration challenges; 

coordination of technology, research and development, and sales and marketing functions; 

transition of the acquired company s consumers and data to our marketplace; 

retention of employees from the acquired company; 

cultural challenges associated with integrating employees from the acquired company into our organization; 

integration of the acquired company s accounting, management information, human resources and other administrative systems; 

the need to implement or improve controls, procedures and policies at a business that prior to the acquisition may have lacked effective controls, procedures and policies; 

potential write-offs of intangibles or other assets acquired in such transactions that may have an adverse effect on our operating results in a given period; 

potential liabilities for reputational harm from activities of the acquired company before the acquisition, including patent and trademark infringement claims, violations of laws, commercial disputes, tax liabilities and other known and unknown liabilities; and 

litigation or other claims in connection with the acquired company, including claims from terminated employees, consumers, former stockholders or other third parties. 

22 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 Our failure to address these risks or other problems encountered in connection with future acquisitions and investments could cause us to fail to realize the anticipated benefits of these acquisitions or investments, cause us to incur unanticipated liabilities and harm our business generally. Future acquisitions also could result in dilutive issuances of our equity securities, the incurrence of debt, contingent liabilities, amortization expense or impairment charges associated with acquired intangible assets or goodwill, any of which could harm our financial condition. Also, the anticipated benefits of any acquisitions may not be realized. 
 We may require additional capital to pursue our business objectives and respond to business opportunities, challenges or unforeseen circumstances. If capital is not available to us, our business, operating results and financial condition may be harmed. 
 We intend to continue to make investments to support our growth and may require additional capital to pursue our business objectives and respond to business opportunities, challenges or unforeseen circumstances, including to increase our marketing expenditures to improve our brand awareness, develop new product and service offerings or further improve our marketplace and existing product and service offerings, enhance our operating infrastructure and acquire complementary businesses and technologies. Accordingly, we may need to engage in equity or debt financings to secure additional funds. However, additional funds may not be available when we need them, on terms that are acceptable to us, or at all. Volatility in the credit markets also may have an adverse effect on our ability to obtain debt financing. 
 If we raise additional funds through further issuances of equity or convertible debt securities, our existing stockholders could suffer significant dilution, and any new equity securities we issue could have rights, preferences and privileges superior to those of holders of our Class A common stock. If we are unable to obtain adequate financing or financing on terms satisfactory to us, when we require it, our ability to continue to pursue our business objectives and to respond to business opportunities, challenges or unforeseen circumstances could be significantly limited, and our business, operating results, financial condition and prospects could be materially adversely affected. 
 Litigation could distract management, increase our expenses or subject us to material monetary damages and other remedies. 
 We were previously subject to class action lawsuits alleging violations of the Telephone Consumer Protection Act, or TCPA, and were subject to a class action lawsuit alleging federal securities law violations in connection with our initial public offering, or IPO, and may be involved from time to time in various additional legal proceedings, including, but not limited to, actions relating to breach of contract, breach of federal and state privacy laws, and intellectual property infringement that might necessitate changes to our business or operations. Regardless of whether any claims against us have merit, or whether we are ultimately held liable or subject to payment of damages, claims may be expensive to defend and may divert management s time away from our operations. If any legal proceedings were to result in an unfavorable outcome, it could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial position and results of operations. Any adverse publicity resulting from actual or potential litigation may also materially adversely affect our reputation, which in turn could adversely affect our results. 
 We conduct marketing activities, directly and indirectly, via telephone, text messages, email and/or through other online and offline marketing channels, which general marketing activities are governed by numerous federal and state regulations, such as the Telemarketing Sales Rule, state telemarketing laws, federal and state privacy laws, the Controlling the Assault of Non-Solicited Pornography and Marketing Act of 2003, or CAN-SPAM Act, the TCPA, and the Federal Trade Commission Act and its accompanying regulations and guidelines, among others. In addition to being subject to action by regulatory agencies, some of these laws, like the TCPA, allow private individuals to bring litigation against companies for breach of these laws, and we have received complaints from individuals that we have violated the TCPA. We are also dependent on our third-party vendors to comply with applicable laws. For example, with the commencement of our verified partner network in 2019, we depend upon these third-party vendors to obtain consent from consumers to receive telemarketing calls in compliance with the TCPA. We may be alleged to have indemnification obligations to third-party customers for alleged breaches of privacy laws like the TCPA, which could increase our defense costs and require that we pay damages, even if there is no adverse ruling in connection with any such claims. While we have not incurred any material costs to date with respect to these types of events, any of these events may have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition and prospects. 
 Companies in the internet, technology and media industries are frequently subject to allegations of infringement or other violations of intellectual property rights. We have been and may continue to become subject to intellectual property claims by third parties. We plan to vigorously defend our intellectual property rights and our freedom to operate our business; however, regardless of the merits of the claims, intellectual property claims are often time consuming and extremely expensive to litigate or settle and are likely to continue to divert managerial attention and resources from our business objectives. Successful infringement claims against us could result in significant monetary liability or prevent us from operating our business or portions of our business. Resolution of claims may require us to obtain licenses to use intellectual property rights belonging to third parties, which may be expensive to procure, or we may be required to cease using intellectual property of third parties altogether. Many of our contracts require us to provide indemnification against third-party intellectual property infringement claims, which would increase our defense costs and may 
 23 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 require that we pay damages if there were an adverse ruling in any such claims. Any of these events may have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition and prospects. 
 We may become subject to enforcement actions or litigation as a result of our failure to comply with laws and regulations, even though noncompliance was inadvertent or unintentional. 
 We maintain systems and procedures designed to ensure that we comply with applicable laws and regulations; however, some legal and regulatory frameworks provide for the imposition of fines or penalties for noncompliance even though the noncompliance was inadvertent or unintentional and even though there were systems and procedures designed to ensure compliance in place at the time. 
 For example, we engage in outbound telephone and text communications with consumers, and accordingly must comply with a number of statutes and regulations, including the TCPA and Telemarketing Sales Rules, and state law equivalents, which govern those communications and the use of automatic telephone dialing systems, or ATDS, and artificial or pre-recorded voice messages. The U.S. Federal Communications Commission, or the FCC, and the U.S. Federal Trade Commission, or the FTC, have responsibility for regulating various aspects of these laws. Among other requirements, the TCPA requires us to obtain prior express written consent for certain telemarketing calls. Many states have similar consumer protection laws regulating telemarketing. These laws limit our ability to communicate with consumers and reduce the effectiveness of our marketing programs. The TCPA does not currently distinguish between voice and data, and, as such, SMS/MMS messages are also calls for the purpose of TCPA obligations and restrictions. 
 For example, violations of the TCPA, the law provides for a private right of action under which a plaintiff may recover monetary damages of 1,500 for each call or text made in violation of the prohibitions on calls made using an artificial or pre-recorded voice or an ATDS. Various state law equivalents of the TCPA may also provide for monetary damages in amounts greater than those provided for under the TCPA. A court may also treble the amount of damages upon a finding of a willful or knowing violation. There is no statutory cap on maximum aggregate exposure. An action may be brought by the FCC, a state attorney general, an individual, or a class of individuals. Like other companies that rely on telephone and text communications, we have been and may be subject to future putative class action suits alleging violations of the TCPA or state law equivalents. If in the future we are found to have violated the TCPA, or a state law equivalent, the amount of damages and potential liability could be extensive and adversely impact our business. Accordingly, were such a class certified or if we are unable to successfully defend such a suit, then TCPA or other state law damages could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition. 
 Any future indebtedness could adversely affect our ability to operate our business. 
 We have 35.0 million available for borrowing under our revolving line of credit and 10.0 million available for borrowing under our term loan, each with Western Alliance Bank, and in the future we could incur indebtedness beyond our revolving line of credit and term loan. 
 Borrowing under our revolving line of credit or term loan, combined with our other financial obligations and contractual commitments, could have significant adverse consequences, including: 
 requiring us to dedicate a portion of our cash resources to the payment of interest and principal, reducing money available to fund working capital, capital expenditures, product development and other general corporate purposes; 

increasing our vulnerability to adverse changes in general economic, industry and market conditions; 

subjecting us to restrictive covenants that may reduce our ability to take certain corporate actions or obtain further debt or equity financing (for example, the covenants in the loan and security agreement for our revolving line of credit include limitations on our ability to incur additional indebtedness and engage in certain fundamental business transactions, such as mergers or acquisitions of other businesses); 

limiting our flexibility in planning for, or reacting to, changes in our business and the industry in which we compete; and 

placing us at a competitive disadvantage compared to our competitors that have less debt or better debt servicing options. 

In addition, any indebtedness we incur under our current revolving line of credit or term loan will bear interest at a variable rate, which would make us vulnerable to increases in the market rate of interest. If the market rate of interest increases substantially, we would have to pay additional interest, which would reduce cash available for our other business needs. We intend to satisfy any future debt service obligations with our existing cash and cash equivalents. Under our Amended Loan Agreement with Western Alliance Bank, our failure to make payments when due or comply with specified covenants, as well as the occurrence of an event that would 
 24 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 reasonably be expected to have a material adverse effect on our business, operations, assets or condition, is an event of default. If an event of default occurs and the lender accelerates any indebtedness then outstanding, we may need to seek additional financing, which may not be available on acceptable terms, in a timely manner or at all. In such event, we may not be able to make accelerated payments, and the lender could seek to enforce security interests in the collateral securing such indebtedness, which includes substantially all of our assets. In addition, the covenants under our existing debt instruments, the pledge of our assets as collateral and the negative pledge with respect to our intellectual property could limit our ability to obtain additional debt financing. Any of these events could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations or financial condition. 
 Risks Related to Our Intellectual Property 
 We may not be able to adequately protect our intellectual property rights. 
 Our business depends on our intellectual property, the protection of which is crucial to the success of our business. We rely on a combination of trademark, trade secret and copyright law and contractual restrictions to protect our intellectual property. In addition, we attempt to protect our intellectual property, technology and confidential information by requiring our employees and consultants to enter into confidentiality and assignment of inventions agreements and third parties to enter into nondisclosure agreements as we deem appropriate. Despite our efforts to protect our proprietary rights, unauthorized parties may attempt to copy aspects of our website features, software and functionality or obtain and use information that we consider proprietary. 
 We may not be able to discover or determine the extent of any unauthorized use or infringement or violation of our intellectual property or proprietary rights. Third parties also may take actions that diminish the value of our proprietary rights or our reputation. The protection of our intellectual property may require the expenditure of significant financial and managerial resources. Litigation may be necessary in the future to enforce our intellectual property rights, to protect our trade secrets, to determine the validity and scope of the proprietary rights of others or to defend against claims of infringement or invalidity. Such litigation could be costly, time-consuming and distracting to management, result in a diversion of resources, the impairment or loss of portions of our intellectual property and could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition and operating results. Furthermore, our efforts to enforce our intellectual property rights may be met with defenses, counterclaims and countersuits attacking the validity and enforceability of our intellectual property rights. These steps may be inadequate to protect our intellectual property. We will not be able to protect our intellectual property if we are unable to enforce our rights or if we do not detect unauthorized use of our intellectual property. Despite our precautions, it may be possible for unauthorized third parties to use information that we regard as proprietary to create product offerings that compete with ours. We also cannot be certain that others will not independently develop or otherwise acquire equivalent or superior technology or other intellectual property rights, which could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition and operating results. 
 Competitors may adopt service names similar to ours, thereby harming our ability to build brand identity and possibly leading to user confusion. In addition, there could be potential trade name or trademark infringement claims brought by owners of other registered trademarks or trademarks that incorporate variations of the term EverQuote. We currently hold the everquote.com internet domain name as well as various other related domain names. The regulation of domain names in the United States is subject to change. Regulatory bodies could establish additional top-level domains, appoint additional domain name registrars, or modify the requirements for holding domain names. As a result, we may not be able to acquire or maintain all domain names that use the name EverQuote. 
 We currently operate only in the United States. To the extent that we determine to expand our business internationally, we will encounter additional risks, including different, uncertain or more stringent laws relating to intellectual property rights and protection. 
 We may in the future be subject to intellectual property disputes, which are costly to defend and could harm our business and operating results. 
 From time to time we have faced and may continue to face allegations or claims that we have infringed the trademarks, copyrights, patents and other intellectual property rights of third parties, including from our competitors or non-practicing entities. Such claims, regardless of their merit, could result in litigation or other proceedings and could require us to expend significant financial resources and attention by our management and other personnel that otherwise would be focused on our business operations, result in injunctions against us that prevent us from using material intellectual property rights, or require us to pay damages to third parties. Patent and other intellectual property litigation may be protracted and expensive, and the results are difficult to predict and may result in significant settlement costs or require us to stop offering some features, or purchase licenses or modify our products and features while we develop non-infringing substitutes, but such licenses may not be available on terms acceptable to us or at all, which would require us to develop alternative intellectual property. 
 25 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 Even if these matters do not result in litigation or are resolved in our favor or without significant cash settlements, these matters, and the time and resources necessary to litigate or resolve them, could harm our business, our operating results and our reputation. 
 As our business expands, we may be subject to intellectual property claims against us with increasing frequency, scope and magnitude. We may also be obligated to indemnify affiliates or other partners who are accused of violating third parties intellectual property rights by virtue of those affiliates or partners agreements with us, and this could increase our costs in defending such claims and our damages. For example, many of our agreements with insurance providers and other partners require us to indemnify these entities against third-party intellectual property infringement claims. Furthermore, such insurance providers and partners may discontinue their relationship with us either as a result of injunctions or otherwise. The occurrence of these results could harm our brand or materially adversely affect our business, financial position and operating results. 
 Confidentiality agreements with employees and others may not adequately prevent disclosure of trade secrets and other proprietary information. 
 In order to protect our technologies and processes, we rely in part on confidentiality agreements with our employees, independent contractors and other advisors. These agreements may not effectively prevent disclosure of confidential information, including trade secrets, and may not provide an adequate remedy in the event of unauthorized disclosure of confidential information. In addition, others may independently discover our trade secrets and proprietary information, and in such cases we may not be able to assert our trade secret rights against such parties. To the extent that our employees, contractors or other third parties with whom we do business use intellectual property owned by others in their work for us, disputes may arise as to the rights to related or resulting know-how and inventions. The loss of confidential information or intellectual property rights, including trade secret protection, could make it easier for third parties to compete with our products. In addition, any changes in, or unexpected interpretations of, intellectual property laws may compromise our ability to enforce our trade secret and intellectual property rights. Costly and time-consuming litigation could be necessary to enforce and determine the scope of our proprietary rights, and failure to obtain or maintain protection of our trade secrets or other proprietary information could harm our business, results of operations, reputation and competitive position. 
 Our use of open source software could adversely affect our ability to protect our proprietary software and subject us to possible litigation. 
 We use open source software in connection with our software development. From time to time, companies that use open source software have faced claims challenging the use of open source software and/or compliance with open source license terms. We could be subject to suits by parties claiming ownership of what we believe to be open source software, or claiming non-compliance with open source licensing terms. Some open source licenses require users who distribute software containing open source to make available all or part of such software, which in some circumstances could include valuable proprietary code of the user. While we monitor our use of open source software and try to ensure that none is used in a manner that would require us to disclose our proprietary source code or that would otherwise breach the terms of an open source agreement, such use could inadvertently occur, in part because open source license terms are often ambiguous. Any requirement to disclose our proprietary source code or pay damages for breach of contract could be harmful to our business, results of operations or financial condition, and could help our competitors develop services that are similar to or better than ours. 
 Risks Related to Government Regulation 
 Our businesses are heavily regulated. We are, and may in the future become, subject to a variety of international, federal, state, and local laws, many of which are unsettled and still developing and which could subject us to claims or otherwise harm our business. 
 Our activities are subject to extensive regulation under the laws of the United States and its various states and the other jurisdictions in which we operate. We are currently subject to a variety of, and may in the future become subject to additional, international, federal, state and local laws or judicial decisions that are continuously evolving and developing, including laws regarding the insurance industry, mobile- and internet-based businesses and other businesses that rely on advertising, as well as privacy and consumer protection laws, including the TCPA, the Telemarketing Sales Rule, the CAN-SPAM Act, the Fair Credit Reporting Act, the Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act, and employment laws, including those governing wage and hour requirements. 
 We also generate a significant amount of revenue from calls made by our internal call centers as well as, in some cases, by third-party publishers call centers. We also purchase a portion of our lead data from third-party vendors. These third-party vendors are outside contractors, and we do not exercise control over their business or day-to-day operations and cannot guarantee that these third parties will comply with regulations. Any failure by us or the third-party vendors on which we rely for telemarketing, email 
 26 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 marketing, and other lead generation activities to adhere to or successfully implement appropriate processes and procedures in response to existing regulations and changing regulatory requirements could result in legal and monetary liability, significant fines and penalties, or damage to our reputation in the marketplace, any of which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 
 In addition, there is increasing attention by state and other jurisdictions to regulation in this area. Our insurance activities are subject to regulation by state insurance regulators in the United States. These laws are complex and can be costly to comply with, require significant management time and effort, and could subject us to claims, government enforcement actions, civil and criminal liability or other remedies, including suspension of business operations. These laws may conflict with each other, further complicating compliance efforts. 
 If we are alleged not to comply with these laws, regulations, or judicial decisions, we may be required to modify affected products and services, which could require a substantial investment and loss of revenue, or cease providing the affected product or service altogether. If we are found to have violated laws, regulations, or judicial decisions, we may be subject to significant fines, penalties and other losses. 
 We assess customer insurance needs, collect customer contact information and provide other product offerings, which results in us receiving personal information. This information is increasingly subject to legislation and regulation in the United States. This legislation and regulation is generally intended to protect individual privacy and the privacy and security of personal information. We could be adversely affected if government regulations require us to significantly change our business practices with respect to this type of information or if the insurance providers who use our marketplace violate applicable laws and regulations. For example, the California Consumer Privacy Act, or CCPA, went into effect on January 1, 2020. The CCPA created new individual privacy rights for California consumers (as the word is broadly defined in the law) and placed increased privacy and security obligations on many organizations that handle personal information of consumers or households. The CCPA requires covered companies to provide new disclosure to consumers about such companies data collection, use and sharing practices, provides such consumers a new right to opt-out of certain sales or transfers of personal information, and provides consumers with a new cause of action for certain data breaches. The CCPA authorized the Attorney General of the state of California to bring enforcement actions for violations beginning July 1, 2020. The CCPA may have a substantial negative impact on our business activities and increase our compliance costs and potential liability. Additionally, effective starting on January 1, 2023, the California Privacy Rights Act, or the CPRA, significantly modified the CCPA, including by expanding consumers rights with respect to certain sensitive personal information. The CPRA also created a new state agency that is vested with authority to implement and enforce the CCPA and the CPRA. Many similar privacy laws have been proposed at the federal level and in other states. These potential new laws may impact our business practice and/or the business practices of our customers and may have a material impact on our business activities. 
 Changes in applicable laws and regulations may materially increase our direct and indirect compliance and other expenses of doing business, having a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. If there were to be changes to statutory or regulatory requirements, we may be unable to comply fully with or maintain all required insurance licenses and approvals. Regulatory authorities have relatively broad discretion to grant, renew and revoke licenses and approvals. If we do not have all requisite licenses and approvals, or do not comply with applicable statutory and regulatory requirements, the regulatory authorities could preclude or temporarily suspend us from carrying on some or all of our activities or monetarily penalize us, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. 
 We cannot predict the outcome of judicial decisions, or whether any proposed legislation or regulatory changes will be adopted, or what impact, if any, such proposals or, if enacted, such laws could have on our business, results of operations and financial condition. If we are alleged to have failed to comply with applicable laws and regulations, we may be subject to investigations, criminal penalties or civil remedies, including fines, injunctions, loss of an operating license or approval, increased scrutiny or oversight by regulatory authorities, the suspension of individual employees, limitations on engaging in a particular business or redress to customers. The cost of compliance and the consequences of non-compliance could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. In addition, a finding that we have failed to comply with applicable laws and regulations could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition by exposing us to negative publicity and reputational damage or by harming our customer or employee relationships. 
 In most jurisdictions, government regulatory authorities have the power to interpret and amend applicable laws and regulations, and have discretion to grant, renew and revoke the various licenses and approvals we need to conduct our activities. Such authorities may require us to incur substantial costs in order to comply with such laws and regulations. Regulatory statutes are broad in scope and subject to differing interpretation. In some areas of our businesses, we act on the basis of our own or the industry s interpretations of applicable laws or regulations, which may conflict from jurisdiction to jurisdiction. In the event those interpretations eventually prove different from the interpretations of regulatory authorities, we may be penalized or precluded from carrying on our previous activities. 
 27 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 Federal, state and international laws and regulations regulating insurance activities are complex and could have a material adverse effect on our business, may reduce our profitability and potentially limit our growth. 
 The insurance regulatory system in the United States is generally designed to protect the interests of consumers or policyholders, and not necessarily the interests of insurance producers, insurers, their stockholders and other investors. This system addresses, among other things: licensing companies and agents to transact business and authorizing lines of business; and regulating unfair trade and claims practices, including through the imposition of restrictions on marketing and sales practices, distribution arrangements and payment of inducements. In some cases, these insurance and other laws and regulations may impose operational limitations on our business, including on the products and services we may offer or on the amount or type of compensation we may collect. Additionally, as a result of our entry into the health insurance vertical and our acquisition of Eversurance, we are now engaged in marketing and selling Medicare plans that are principally regulated by The Centers for Medicare Medicaid Services, but are also subject to state laws. The laws and regulations applicable to the marketing and sale of Medicare plans are numerous, ambiguous and complex. 
 While we attempt to comply with applicable laws and regulations, there can be no assurance that we, our employees, consultants, contractors and other agents are in full compliance with such laws and regulations or interpretations at all times, or that we will be able to comply with any future laws or regulations. 
 In recent years, the state insurance regulatory framework has come under increased federal scrutiny, and some state legislatures have considered or enacted laws that may alter or increase state authority to regulate insurance entities. Further, the National Association of Insurance Commissioners and state insurance regulators continually reexamine existing laws and regulations, interpretations of existing laws and the development of new laws and regulations. With limited exceptions, the U.S. federal government does not directly regulate the business of insurance. However, federal legislation and administrative policies in several areas can significantly and adversely affect insurance entities. These areas include financial services regulation, securities regulation, privacy and taxation. In the future, additional federal regulation may be enacted, which could affect the way we conduct our business and could result in higher compliance costs. 
 Insurance laws or regulations that are adopted or amended, in addition to changes in federal statutes, including the Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act and the McCarran-Ferguson Act, financial services regulations and federal taxation laws or regulations, may be more restrictive than current laws or regulations and may result in lower revenues or higher costs of compliance and thus could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations and limit our growth. 
 The increasing adoption by states of cybersecurity regulations could impose additional compliance burdens on us and expose us to additional liability. 
 In response to the growing threat of cyberattacks in the insurance industry, certain jurisdictions, including New York, have begun to consider new cybersecurity measures, including the adoption of cybersecurity regulations. In March 2017, the New York State Department of Financial Services promulgated Cybersecurity Requirements for Financial Services Companies, which requires us to establish and maintain a cybersecurity program and implement and maintain cybersecurity policies and procedures with specific requirements. Additionally, on October 24, 2017, the National Association of Insurance Commissioners, or NAIC, adopted its Insurance Data Security Model Law to serve as model legislation for states to enact in order to govern cybersecurity and data protection practices of insurers, insurance agents, and other licensed entities registered under state insurance laws. Alabama, Connecticut, Delaware, Indiana, Louisiana, Maryland, Michigan, Mississippi, New Hampshire, Ohio, South Carolina and Virginia have adopted versions of the NAIC Insurance Data Security Model Law, each with a different effective date, and other states may adopt versions of the NAIC Insurance Data Security Model Law in the future. Although we take steps to comply with applicable cybersecurity regulations, our failure to comply with new or existing cybersecurity regulations could result in regulatory actions and other penalties. In addition, efforts to comply with new or existing cybersecurity regulations could impose significant costs on our business, which could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition or results of operations. 
 28 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 The marketing and sale of Medicare plans are subject to numerous, complex and frequently changing laws, regulations and guidelines, and non-compliance with or changes in laws, regulations and guidelines could harm our business, operating results and financial condition. 
 The marketing and sale of Medicare plans are subject to numerous laws, regulations and guidelines at the federal and state level. The marketing and sale of Medicare Advantage and Medicare Part D prescription drug plans are principally regulated by the Centers for Medicare Medicaid Services, or CMS, but are also subject to state laws. The marketing and sale of Medicare Supplement plans are principally regulated on a state-by-state basis by state departments of insurance. The laws and regulations applicable to the marketing and sale of Medicare plans are numerous, ambiguous and complex, and, particularly with respect to regulations and guidance issued by CMS for Medicare Advantage and Medicare Part D prescription drug plans, change frequently. We have altered, and likely will have to continue to alter, our marketing materials and sales process to comply with these laws, regulations and guidelines. 
 Health insurance carriers whose Medicare plans we sell may be required to approve our websites, our call center scripts and some of our marketing materials in order for us to market and sell Medicare plans to Medicare-eligible individuals as a health insurance agent. In addition, certain aspects of our Medicare plan marketing partner relationships have been in the past, and will be in the future, subjected to CMS and health insurance carrier review. Our health insurance carrier partners, CMS, or state departments of insurance may object to or not approve aspects of our online platforms, sales function or marketing material and processes and may determine that certain existing aspects of our Medicare-related business are not in compliance with legal requirements. CMS scrutinizes health insurance carriers whose Medicare plans we sell and those health insurance carriers may be held responsible for actions that we and our agents take. Based on industry guidance, we expect that health insurance carriers will be increasingly evaluating broker performance based on quality of their enrollments, including complaints, retention rates, customer satisfaction and volumes. As a result, health insurance carriers may terminate their relationships with us or require us to take other corrective action if our Medicare product sales, marketing and operations are not in compliance or give rise to too many complaints. The termination of or change in our relationships with health insurance carriers could reduce the products we are able to offer, result in the loss of commissions for past and future sales and otherwise harm our business, operating results and financial condition. Changes to the laws, regulations and guidelines relating to the sale of Medicare plans, their interpretation or the manner in which they are enforced could impact the manner in which we conduct our Medicare business, or our sale of Medicare plans, or we could be prevented from operating aspects of our Medicare revenue generating activities altogether, which would harm our business, operating results and financial condition. We may in the future receive inquiries from CMS or state departments of insurance regarding our marketing and business practices and compliance with laws and regulations. Inquiries and proceedings initiated by the government could adversely impact our health insurance licenses, require us to pay fines, require us to modify marketing and business practices, result in litigation and otherwise harm our business, operating results or financial condition. 
 In May 2021, CMS changed its process for the submission and approval of marketing materials related to Medicare Advantage and Medicare Part D prescription drug plans. The practical application of the previous process allowed for a lead carrier to handle most of the review and filing of Medicare plan marketing materials with CMS. The new process requires each carrier to approve of each filed marketing material and has resulted in a more complicated and time-consuming process to get our marketing material filed with CMS and through the process with carriers. In October 2021, CMS issued a letter reiterating that certain types of marketing materials, including certain generic marketing materials that refer to the benefits or costs of Medicare Advantage or Medicare Part D prescription drug plans but that do not specifically mention a health insurance carrier's name or a specific plan, must be filed with CMS. As a result, we now submit to each Medicare Advantage and Medicare Part D prescription drug plan carrier with which we have a relationship a significantly larger number of marketing materials than we have in the past. We may not be able to use certain of our marketing materials and implement our marketing programs effectively if CMS or a health insurance carrier has comments or disapproves of our marketing materials. If we do not timely file the additional marketing materials with CMS or if health insurance carriers do not adapt to the new CMS requirements or increase the efficiency with which they review our marketing material, it could harm our sales and also harm our ability to efficiently change and implement new or existing marketing material, including call center scripts and our websites, which could harm our business, operating results and financial condition. If we or our marketing partners are not successful in timely receiving health insurance carrier or CMS approval of our marketing materials, we could be prevented from implementing our Medicare marketing and sales initiatives, which could harm our business, operating results and financial conditions, particularly if such delay or non-compliance occurs during the Medicare annual enrollment period or the Medicare Advantage open enrollment period. 
 Taxing authorities may assert that we should have collected or in the future should collect sales, use, value added or similar taxes, and we could be subject to liability with respect to past or future sales, which could adversely affect our operating results. 
 We do not collect sales, use, value added or similar taxes in jurisdictions in which we have sales, and we believe that such taxes are not applicable either because we do not have the requisite amount of contacts with the state for the state to be able to impose these taxes or our products and services are not subject to these taxes. Sales, use, value added and similar tax laws and rates vary greatly by jurisdiction. Certain jurisdictions in which we do not collect such taxes may assert that such taxes are applicable, which could result in 
 29 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 tax assessments, penalties and interest, to us or our end-customers for the past amounts, and we may be required to collect such taxes in the future. If we are unsuccessful in collecting such taxes from our end-customers, we could be held liable for such costs. Such tax assessments, penalties and interest, or future requirements may adversely affect our operating results. For example, we were contacted by a representative from a state tax assessor s office requesting remittance of uncollected sales taxes. While the state tax assessor s office completed its audit for the period under review and concluded that there were no taxes due, there can be no assurances that we will prevail with respect to our tax positions in the future. 
 Federal, state and international laws regulating telephone and email marketing practices impose certain obligations on marketers, which could reduce our ability to expand our business. 
 We, along with third parties we acquire consumer referrals from, and the insurance providers using our marketplace, make telephone calls and send emails to consumers who request insurance quotes through our marketplace. The United States regulates marketing by telephone and email. The TCPA prohibits companies from making certain telemarketing calls to numbers listed in the Federal Do-Not-Call Registry and imposes other obligations and limitations on making phone calls and sending text messages to consumers. The CAN-SPAM Act regulates commercial email messages and specifies penalties for the transmission of commercial email messages that do not comply with certain requirements, such as providing an opt-out mechanism for stopping future emails from senders. We, along with third parties we acquire consumer referrals from, and the insurance providers who use our marketplace may need to comply with such laws and any associated rules and regulations. States and other countries have similar laws related to telemarketing and commercial emails. Additional or modified laws and regulations, or interpretations of existing, modified or new laws, regulations and rules, could prohibit or increase the cost of engaging with consumers and impair our ability to expand the use of our products, including our demand response solution, to more users. Alleged failure to comply with obligations and restrictions related to telephone, text message and email marketing could subject us to lawsuits, fines, statutory damages, consent decrees, injunctions, adverse publicity and other losses that could harm our business. Moreover, over the past several years there has been a significant amount of litigation alleging violations of laws relating to telemarketing, which has increased the exposure of companies that operate telephone and text messaging campaigns to class action litigation alleging violations of the TCPA. If we, third parties we acquire quote requests from, or the insurance providers who use our marketplace become subject to such litigation, it could result in substantial costs to and materially adversely affect our business. 
 Changes in the regulation of the internet could adversely affect our business. 
 Laws, rules and regulations governing internet communications, advertising and e-commerce are dynamic and the extent of future government regulation is uncertain. Federal and state regulations govern various aspects of our online business, including intellectual property ownership and infringement, trade secrets, the distribution of electronic communications, marketing and advertising, user privacy and data security, search engines and internet tracking technologies. In addition, changes in laws or regulations that adversely affect the growth, popularity, or use of the internet, could decrease the demand for our offerings and increase our cost of doing business. Future taxation on the use of the internet or e-commerce transactions could also be imposed. Existing or future regulation or taxation could hinder growth in or adversely affect the use of the internet generally, including the viability of internet e-commerce, which could reduce our revenue, increase our operating expenses and expose us to significant liabilities. 
 Risks Related to Our Class A Common Stock 
 An active trading market for our Class A common stock may not be sustained. 
 Our Class A common stock began trading on the Nasdaq Global Market on June 28, 2018. Given the limited trading history of our Class A common stock, there is a risk that an active trading market for our shares may not be sustained, which could put downward pressure on the market price of our Class A common stock and thereby affect the ability of our stockholders to sell their shares at attractive prices, at the times that they would like to sell them, or at all. 
 The market price of our Class A common stock has been and may continue to be volatile, which could result in substantial losses for investors and could subject us to securities class action litigation. 
 The market price of our Class A common stock has been and could continue to be subject to significant fluctuations. For example, our Class A common stock traded within a range of a high price of 63.44 per share and a low price of 4.05 per share for the period beginning June 28, 2018, our first day of trading on the Nasdaq Global Market, through December 31, 2022. Some of the factors that may cause the market price of our Class A common stock to fluctuate include: 
 price and volume fluctuations in the overall stock market from time to time; 

volatility in the market price and trading volume of comparable companies; 

30 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 actual or anticipated changes in our earnings or fluctuations in our operating results or in the expectations of securities analysts; 

announcements of new service offerings, strategic alliances or significant agreements by us or by our competitors; 

loss of key personnel; 

litigation involving us or that may be perceived as having an adverse effect on our business; 

changes in general economic, industry and market conditions and trends; 

investors general perception of us; 

sales of large blocks of our stock; and 

announcements regarding industry consolidation. 

In addition, equity markets in general, and the equities of technology companies in particular, have experienced and may experience in the future, extreme price and volume fluctuations due to, among other factors, the actions of market participants or other actions outside of our control, including general market volatility caused by the COVID-19 pandemic. Such price and volume fluctuations may adversely affect the market price of our common stock for reasons unrelated to our business or operating results. 
 In the past, following periods of volatility in the market price of a company s securities, securities class action litigation has often been brought against that company. For example, we were subject to a class action lawsuit alleging federal securities law violations in connection with our IPO. Because of the past and potential future volatility of our stock price, we may become the target of additional securities litigation in the future. Securities litigation could result in substantial costs and divert management s attention and resources from our business. 
 Our quarterly operating results or other operating metrics may fluctuate significantly, which could cause the trading price of our Class A common stock to decline. 
 Our quarterly operating results and other operating metrics have fluctuated in the past and may in the future fluctuate as a result of a number of factors, many of which are outside of our control and may be difficult to predict, including: 
 the level of demand for our product and service offerings and our ability to maintain and increase our customer base; 

the level of consumer traffic to our websites and the volume of referrals generated by consumer traffic; 

the timing and success of new product and service introductions by us or our competitors or any other change in the competitive landscape of our market; 

bind rates by consumers; 

pricing pressure as a result of competition or otherwise; 

our ability to reduce costs; 

errors in our forecasting of the demand for our product and service offerings, which could lead to lower revenue or increased costs; 

seasonal or other variations in purchasing patterns by customers; 

increases in and timing of sales and marketing and other operating expenses that we may incur to grow and expand our operations and to remain competitive; 

adverse litigation judgments, settlements or other litigation-related costs; 

regulatory proceedings or other adverse publicity about us or our product and service offerings; 

31 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 costs related to the acquisition of businesses, talent, technologies or intellectual property, including potentially significant amortization costs and possible write-downs; and 

general economic conditions. 

Any one of the factors above or the cumulative effect of some of the factors above may result in significant fluctuations in our operating results. 
 The variability and unpredictability of our quarterly operating results or other operating metrics could result in our failure to meet our expectations or those of any analysts that cover us or investors with respect to revenue or other operating results for a particular period. If we fail to meet or exceed such expectations for these or any other reasons, the market price of our Class A common stock could fall substantially, and we could face costly lawsuits, including securities class action suits. 
 If securities or industry analysts cease publishing research or reports about us, our business or our market, or if they publish negative evaluations of our stock or the stock of other companies in our industry, the price of our stock and trading volume could decline. 
 The trading market for our Class A common stock will be influenced by the research and reports that industry or securities analysts may publish about us, our business, our market or our competitors. If one or more of the analysts covering our business downgrade their evaluations of our Class A common stock or the stock of other companies in our industry, the price of our Class A common stock could decline. If one or more of these analysts cease to cover our Class A common stock, we could lose visibility in the market for our Class A common stock, which in turn could cause our stock price to decline. 
 The dual-class structure of our common stock has the effect of concentrating voting control with the holders of our Class B common stock, including our directors, executive officers and Link Ventures and other significant stockholders, who collectively held in the aggregate approximately 75 of the voting power of our capital stock as of January 31, 2023; and Link Ventures, directly or through a voting agreement, together with Cogo Labs, held approximately 73 of the voting power of our capital stock as of that date. This concentration of voting power will limit or preclude the ability of other stockholders to influence corporate matters, including the election of directors, amendments of our organizational documents and any merger, consolidation, sale of all or substantially all of our assets, or other major corporate transaction requiring stockholder approval. 
 Our Class B common stock has 10 votes per share, and our Class A common stock has one vote per share. Our directors, executive officers and holders of more than 10 of our common stock, and their respective affiliates, held in the aggregate approximately 75 of the voting power of our capital stock as of January 31, 2023; and Link Ventures, directly or through a voting agreement pursuant to which Tomas Revesz and the heirs of Seth Birnbaum are obligated to vote on all matters presented to our stockholders all voting capital stock held by them in the manner directed by Link Ventures, together with Cogo Labs, held in the aggregate approximately 73 of the voting power of our capital stock as of that date. Because of the 10-to-one voting ratio between our Class B and Class A common stock, the holders of our Class B common stock collectively will continue to control a majority of the combined voting power of our common stock and therefore be able to control all matters submitted to our stockholders for approval. This concentration of voting power will limit or preclude your ability to influence corporate matters for the foreseeable future, including the election of directors, amendments of our organizational documents, and any merger, consolidation, sale of all or substantially all of our assets, or other major corporate transaction requiring stockholder approval. This may also prevent or discourage unsolicited acquisition proposals or offers for our capital stock that you may feel are in your best interest as one of our stockholders. In addition, major stock index providers, such as FTSE Russell and S P Dow Jones, exclude from their indices non-voting securities or the securities of companies with unequal voting rights. Exclusion from stock indices could make it more difficult, or impossible, for some fund managers to buy our Class A common stock, particularly in the case of index tracking mutual funds and exchange traded funds, which could adversely affect the trading liquidity and market price of our Class A common stock. 
 
 Future transfers by holders of Class B common stock will generally result in those shares converting to Class A common stock, subject to limited exceptions, such as certain transfers to trusts and individual retirement accounts. In addition, all shares of Class B common stock will be required to convert to Class A common stock upon the election of a majority by voting power of the outstanding Class B common stock. The conversion of Class B common stock to Class A common stock will have the effect, over time, of increasing the relative voting power of those holders of Class B common stock who retain their shares. 
 Our status as a controlled company could make our Class A common stock less attractive to some investors or otherwise harm our stock price. 
 More than 50 of our voting power is held by entities affiliated with Link Ventures. As a result, we are a controlled company under the rules of the Nasdaq Stock Market. Under these rules, a company of which more than 50 of the voting power is held by an 
 32 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 individual, a group or another company is a controlled company and, as such, will be exempt from certain corporate governance requirements, including requirements that: 
 a majority of the board of directors consist of independent directors; 

director nominees be selected or recommended for the board s selection by independent directors constituting a majority of the independent directors or by a nominations committee with prescribed duties and a written charter and comprised solely of independent directors; and 

the board of directors maintain a compensation committee with prescribed duties and a written charter and comprised solely of independent directors. 

We have availed ourselves of certain of these exemptions and, for so long as we qualify as a controlled company, we will maintain the option to utilize from time to time some or all of these exemptions. For example, we do not have a nominations committee, and director nominees might not be selected or recommended for the board s selection by a qualifying nominations committee or by independent directors constituting a majority of the independent directors, and our compensation committee is not comprised solely of independent directors. Accordingly, should the interests of Link Ventures differ from those of other stockholders, the other stockholders may not have the same protections afforded to stockholders of companies that are subject to all of the Nasdaq Stock Market corporate governance standards. Our status as a controlled company could make our Class A common stock less attractive to some investors or otherwise harm our stock price. 
 A significant portion of our total outstanding shares may be sold into the public market in the near future, which could cause the market price of our Class A common stock to drop significantly, even if our business is doing well. 
 Sales of a significant number of shares of our Class A common stock in the public market could occur at any time. These sales, or the market perception that the holders of a large number of shares intend to sell shares, could reduce the market price of our Class A common stock. 
 In addition to our outstanding Class A common stock, as of January 31, 2023, there were 1,506,020 shares of Class A common stock subject to outstanding options, 564,289 shares of either Class A common stock or Class B common stock subject to outstanding options, 2,611,434 shares of Class A common stock subject to outstanding restricted stock unit awards, or RSUs, and an additional 1,542,044 shares of Class A common stock reserved for future issuance under our equity incentive plan. Because we have registered 15,949,000 shares of our Class A common stock and Class B common stock that may be issued under our equity incentive plans pursuant to registration statements on Form S-8, any such shares that we issue can be freely sold in the public market upon issuance, subject to the restrictions imposed on our affiliates under Rule 144. 
 Moreover, holders of a significant number of shares of our Class A common stock and Class B common stock as of January 31, 2023, have rights, subject to certain conditions, to require us to file registration statements covering their shares or to include their shares in registration statements that we may file for ourselves or other stockholders. Upon registration, such shares would be able to be freely sold in the public market. 
 Anti-takeover provisions in our restated certificate of incorporation and our amended and restated bylaws, as well as provisions of Delaware law, might discourage, delay or prevent a change in control of our company or changes in our management and, therefore, depress the trading price of our Class A common stock. 
 Our restated certificate of incorporation and amended and restated bylaws and Delaware law contain provisions that may discourage, delay or prevent a merger, acquisition or other change in control that stockholders may consider favorable, including transactions in which you might otherwise receive a premium for your shares of our Class A common stock. These provisions may also prevent or delay attempts by our stockholders to replace or remove our management or directors. Our corporate governance documents include provisions: 
 providing that directors may be removed by stockholders only for cause and only with a vote of the holders of shares representing a majority of the voting power of all shares that stockholders would be entitled to vote for the election of directors; 

limiting the ability of our stockholders to call and bring business before special meetings of stockholders and to take action by written consent in lieu of a meeting; 

requiring advance notice of stockholder proposals for business to be conducted at meetings of our stockholders and for nominations of candidates for election to our board of directors; 

33 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 authorizing blank check preferred stock, which could be issued with voting, liquidation, dividend and other rights superior to our Class A common stock; and 

limiting the liability of, and providing indemnification to, our directors and officers. 

As a Delaware corporation, we are also subject to provisions of Delaware law, including Section 203 of the Delaware General Corporation Law, which limits the ability of stockholders holding shares representing more than 15 of the voting power of our outstanding voting stock from engaging in certain business combinations with us. Any provision of our restated certificate of incorporation or amended and restated bylaws or Delaware law that has the effect of delaying or deterring a change in control could limit the opportunity for our stockholders to receive a premium for their shares of our Class A common stock, and could also affect the price that some investors are willing to pay for our Class A common stock. 
 The existence of the foregoing provisions and anti-takeover measures could limit the price that investors might be willing to pay in the future for shares of our Class A common stock. They could also deter potential acquirers of our company, thereby reducing the likelihood that you could receive a premium for your Class A common stock in an acquisition. 
 Our restated certificate provides that the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware is the sole and exclusive forum for substantially all disputes between us and our stockholders. Our restated certificate further provides that the federal district courts of the United States of America are the sole and exclusive forum for the resolution of any complaint asserting a cause of action arising under the Securities Act. These choice of forum provisions could limit the ability of stockholders to obtain a favorable judicial forum for disputes with us or our directors, officers or employees. 
 Our restated certificate of incorporation provides that the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware (or, if the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware does not have jurisdiction, the federal district court for the District of Delaware) shall, to the fullest extent permitted by law, be the sole and exclusive forum for (1) any derivative action or proceeding brought on behalf of our company, (2) any action asserting a claim of breach of fiduciary duty owed by any director, officer or other employee or stockholder of our company to us or our stockholders, (3) any action asserting a claim arising pursuant to any provision of the Delaware General Corporation Law or as to which the Delaware General Corporation Law confers jurisdiction on the Court of Chancery or (4) any action asserting a claim governed by the internal affairs doctrine. Our restated certificate of incorporation further provides that, unless we consent in writing to the selection of an alternative forum, the federal district courts of the United States of America shall, to the fullest extent permitted by law, be the sole and exclusive forum for the resolution of any complaint asserting a cause of action arising under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Securities Act. In Salzberg v. Sciabacucchi , No. 346, 2019 (Del. Mar. 18, 2020), the Delaware Supreme Court, reversing the Delaware Court of Chancery held that such federal forum selection provisions are facially valid under Delaware law, although there is uncertainty as to whether courts in other states will enforce these provisions and we may incur additional costs of litigation should such enforceability be challenged. Neither of these choice of forum provisions would affect suits brought to enforce any liability or duty created by the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, or the Exchange Act, or the rules and regulations thereunder, jurisdiction over which is exclusively vested by statute in U.S. federal courts, or any other claim for which U.S. federal courts have exclusive jurisdiction. These choice of forum provisions may limit a stockholder s ability to bring a claim in a judicial forum that it finds favorable for disputes with us or our directors, officers or other employees, which may discourage such lawsuits against us and our directors, officers and other employees. Alternatively, if a court were to find the choice of forum provisions contained in our certificate of incorporation to be inapplicable or unenforceable in an action, we may incur additional costs associated with resolving such action in other jurisdictions, which could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition and operating results. 
 The requirements of being a public company may strain our resources, divert management s attention and affect our ability to attract and retain qualified board members. 
 As a public company, we are subject to the reporting requirements of the Exchange Act, the listing requirements of the Nasdaq Stock Market and other applicable securities rules and regulations. Compliance with these rules and regulations increases our legal and financial compliance costs, makes some activities more difficult, time-consuming or costly, and increases demand on our systems and resources, particularly as we are no longer an emerging growth company. Among other things, the Exchange Act requires that we file annual, quarterly and current reports with respect to our business and operating results and maintain effective disclosure controls and procedures and internal control over financial reporting. In order to maintain and, if required, improve our disclosure controls and procedures and internal control over financial reporting to meet this standard, significant resources and management oversight may be required. As a result, management s attention may be diverted from other business concerns, which could harm our business and operating results. Although we have in the past hired additional employees to comply with these requirements, we may need to hire even more employees in the future, which will increase our costs and expenses. 
 34 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 As a result of being a public company, it is more expensive for us to obtain director and officer liability insurance than when we were a private company, and in the future we may be required to accept reduced coverage or incur substantially higher costs to obtain coverage. These factors could also make it more difficult for us to attract and retain qualified members of our board of directors, particularly to serve on our audit committee, and qualified executive officers. 
 We are obligated to maintain a system of effective internal control over financial reporting and any failure to maintain the adequacy of these internal controls may harm investor confidence in our company and, as a result, the value of our common stock. 
 The Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 requires that we maintain effective internal control over financial reporting and disclosure controls and procedures. We are required, pursuant to Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, to furnish a report by management on, among other things, the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting. This assessment includes disclosure of any material weaknesses identified by our management in our internal control over financial reporting. 
 Our compliance with Section 404 necessitates that we incur substantial accounting expense and expend significant management efforts. We will continue to dedicate internal resources and engage outside consultants to document the adequacy of internal control over financial reporting, continue steps to improve control processes as appropriate, validate through testing that controls are functioning as documented and implement a continuous reporting and improvement process for internal control over financial reporting and to compile the system and process documentation necessary to perform the evaluation needed to comply with Section 404. We have had material weaknesses in our internal control over financial reporting in the past, and we cannot assure you that there will not be material weaknesses in our internal control over financial reporting in the future. We may not be able to remediate any future material weaknesses that may be identified, or to complete our evaluation, testing and remediation in a timely fashion and our independent registered public accounting firm may issue reports that are adverse in the event it is not satisfied with the level at which our controls are documented, designed or operating. Consequently, we cannot assure you that our independent registered public accounting firm will be able to attest to the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting. 
 Our failure to maintain adequate internal control over financial reporting could severely inhibit our ability to accurately report our financial condition or results of operations. If we are unable to assert that our internal control over financial reporting is effective, or if our auditors are unable to express an opinion on the effectiveness of our internal controls, investors could lose confidence in the accuracy and completeness of our financial reports, the market price of our Class A common stock could decline, and we could be subject to sanctions or investigations by the Nasdaq Stock Market, the SEC or other regulatory authorities. Failure to remedy any future material weaknesses in our internal control over financial reporting that may be identified, or to implement or maintain other effective control systems required of public companies, could also restrict our future access to the capital markets. 
 ITEM 1B. UNRESOLVE D STAFF COMMENTS 
 None. 
 ITEM 2. P ROPERTIES 
 Our principal executive offices are located in Cambridge, Massachusetts, where we lease approximately 32,000 square feet of space pursuant to a lease that expires in September 2024. We also lease approximately 13,000 square feet of office space in Evansville, Indiana pursuant to a lease that expires in August 2030, approximately 10,000 square feet of office space in Austin, Texas pursuant to a lease that expires in April 2025, and approximately 10,000 square feet of office space in San Antonio, Texas pursuant to a lease that expires in September 2023. The offices in Indiana and Texas are used in connection with our DTC agency. We believe that our current facilities are adequate to meet our immediate needs. 
 ITEM 3. LEG AL PROCEEDINGS 
 Information with respect to legal proceedings and this item is included in Note 13 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements contained in Part II, Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K, which is incorporated herein by reference. 
 ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 
 Not applicable. 
 
 35 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 PAR T II 
 ITEM 5. 	 MARKET FOR R EGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 
 Certain Information Regarding the Trading of Our Common Stock 
 Our Class A common stock trades under the symbol EVER on the Nasdaq Global Market and has been publicly traded since June 28, 2018. Prior to this time, there was no public market for our Class A common stock. Our Class B common stock is not listed or traded on any stock exchange. 
 Holders of Our Common Stock 
 As of January 31, 2023, there were approximately 16 holders of record of shares of our Class A common stock and 5 holders of record of shares of our Class B common stock. These amounts do not include stockholders for whom shares are held in nominee or street name. 
 Securities Authorized for Issuance Under Equity Compensation Plans 
 Information about our equity compensation plans will be included in our definitive proxy statement to be filed with the SEC with respect to our 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders and is incorporated herein by reference. 
 Recent Sales of Unregistered Equity Securities 
 There were no shares of equity securities sold or issued, or options granted, by us during the year ended December 31, 2022 that were not registered under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Securities Act, and that were not previously reported in a Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q or Current Report on Form 8-K. 
 Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 We did not purchase any of our registered equity securities during the period from October 1, 2022 to December 31, 2022. 
 Dividends 
 We have never declared or paid cash dividends on our capital stock. We anticipate that we will retain all of our future earnings to finance the operation of our business and do not anticipate declaring or paying any cash dividends on our capital stock in the foreseeable future. Any future determination to declare and pay cash dividends, if any, will be made at the discretion of our board of directors and will depend on a variety of factors, including applicable laws, our financial condition, results of operations, contractual restrictions, capital requirements, business prospects, general business or financial market conditions, and other factors our board of directors may deem relevant. In addition, our revolving credit facility contains covenants that could restrict our ability to pay cash dividends. 
 36 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 Stock Performance Graph 
 The following performance graph shall not be deemed filed for purposes of Section 18 of the Exchange Act or incorporated by reference into any filings under the Securities Act or the Exchange Act, except as otherwise expressly set forth by specific reference in such filing. 
 Set forth below is a line graph, for the period from June 28, 2018 (the first date on which shares of our Class A common stock were publicly traded) through December 31, 2022, comparing the cumulative total stockholder return of 100 invested (assuming that all dividends were reinvested) in (1) our Class A common stock, (2) all companies listed on the Nasdaq Composite Index and (3) the Research Development Group, or RDG, Internet Composite Index. Returns over the indicated periods should not be considered indicative of future stock prices or stockholder returns. 

ITEM 6. 	 RE SERVED 
 37 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
 The following discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations should be read in conjunction with our consolidated financial statements and related notes appearing in Part II, Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Some of the information contained in this discussion and analysis or set forth elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, including information with respect to our plans and strategy for our business, includes forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties. As a result of many factors, including those factors set forth in the Risk Factors section of this Annual Report on Form 10-K, our actual results could differ materially from the results described in, or implied by, the forward-looking statements contained in the following discussion and analysis. 

Overview 
 EverQuote makes insurance shopping easy, efficient and personal, saving consumers and insurance providers time and money. 
 We operate a leading online marketplace for insurance shopping, connecting consumers with insurance providers. Our mission is to empower insurance shoppers to better protect life s most important assets their family, health, property, and future. Our vision is to become the largest online source of insurance policies by using data, technology and knowledgeable advisors to make insurance simpler, more affordable and personalized, ultimately reducing cost and risk. Our results-driven marketplace, powered by our proprietary data and technology platform, is reshaping the insurance shopping experience for consumers and improving the way insurance providers attract and connect with consumers shopping for insurance. 
 Finding the right insurance product is often challenging for consumers, who face limited online options, complex, variable and opaque pricing, and myriad coverage configurations. We present consumers with a single starting point for a comprehensive and cost-effective insurance shopping experience. Our marketplace reduces the time consumers spend searching across multiple sites by delivering broader and more relevant results than consumers may find on their own. In addition to our marketplace, we operate a direct to consumer, or DTC, insurance agency. Our DTC agents bind policies for consumers, further streamlining the consumer shopping experience. Our services are free for consumers, and we derive our revenue from sales of consumer referrals to insurance providers and directly from commissions on sales of policies. 
 Insurance providers, which we view as including carriers, our own DTC agents, and third-party agents, operate in a highly competitive and regulated industry and typically specialize in pre-determined subsets of consumers. As a result, not every consumer is a good match for every provider, and some providers can struggle to reach the segments that are most desirable for their business models. Traditional offline and online advertising channels reach broad audiences but lack the fine-grained consumer acquisition capabilities needed for optimally matching consumers to specific insurance products. We connect providers to a large volume of high-intent, pre-validated consumer referrals that match the insurers specific requirements. The transparency of our marketplace, as well as the campaign management tools we offer, make it easy for insurance carriers and third-party agents to evaluate the performance of their marketing spend on our platform and manage their own return on investment. 
 Since 2011, our core mission has been to make finding insurance easy and more personal, saving consumers and insurance providers time and money. We are working to build the largest and most trusted online insurance marketplace in the world. In pursuing this goal, we have consistently innovated through our disruptive data driven approach. Highlights of our history of innovation include: 
 In 2011, we launched the EverQuote marketplace for auto insurance. 

In 2013, we launched EverQuote Pro, our provider portal, for carriers. 

In 2015, we launched EverQuote Pro for agents. 

In 2016, we added home and life insurance in our marketplace. 

In 2019, we added health and renters insurance in our marketplace. 

In 2020, we launched our DTC insurance offerings in our life vertical and in our health vertical via the acquisition of Crosspointe Insurance Financial Services, LLC, which we later renamed Eversurance. 

In 2021, we launched our DTC insurance offerings in our auto and home and renters verticals via the acquisition of Policy Fuel LLC and its affiliates, or PolicyFuel. 

38 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 In the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, our total revenue was 404.1 million, 418.5 million and 346.9 million, respectively, representing a year-over-year decrease of 3.4 from 2021 to 2022 and a year-over-year increase of 20.6 from 2020 to 2021. We had net losses of 24.4 million, 19.4 million and 11.2 million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively, and had 5.9 million, 14.6 million and 18.4 million in adjusted EBITDA for these same periods, respectively. See the section titled Non-GAAP Financial Measure for information regarding our use of adjusted EBITDA and its reconciliation to net income (loss) determined in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles in the United States, or GAAP. 
 COVID-19 
 Uncertainty remains as to the duration and severity of business disruptions related to the COVID-19 pandemic, as well as with respect to the full impact of the pandemic on the global economy and consumer confidence. As a result, we are unable to accurately predict the full impact that COVID-19 will have on our insurance provider customers or our users, or on our operating results, financial condition, liquidity and cash flows. To support the health and well-being of our employees, customers, partners and communities, a majority of our employees continue to work remotely, however our offices are open for use. While disruptions related to COVID-19 have not had a material adverse impact on our financial results through December 31, 2022, such disruptions may impact consumer insurance shopping behavior. We continue to monitor and are managing our operations for the ongoing impact of COVID-19. 
 Factors Affecting Our Performance 
 We believe that our performance and future growth depend on a number of factors that present significant opportunities for us but also pose risks and challenges, including those discussed below and in the section titled Risk Factors. 
 Auto insurance industry risk 
 We derive a significant portion of our revenue from auto insurance providers and our financial results depend on the performance of the auto insurance industry. For example, in 2016, the U.S. commercial auto insurance industry experienced its worst underwriting performance in 15 years, with higher loss ratios that were driven by both adverse claim severity and frequency trends. As a result, our auto insurance carrier customers reduced marketing spend and cost per sale targets the following year, ultimately impacting our revenue growth in the auto insurance vertical in 2017. More recently, and specifically starting in the third quarter of 2021, the auto insurance industry has experienced similar challenges, which is impacting our financial performance in the auto insurance vertical. Auto insurance carriers experienced a sudden rise in the severity of claims caused by inflationary increases in the cost to repair and replace vehicles and settle medical and injury claims. The increase in claims severity has reduced underwriting performance for auto insurance carriers, causing them to implement policy premium increases and reduce spending on new customer acquisition. The reduction in new customer acquisition spending by auto insurance carriers has had a negative impact on the pricing and demand for consumer referrals in our marketplace. 
 The state of the auto insurance market remains dynamic. In August 2022, we began to see the first major carrier return to more normalized historical spending patterns. However, Hurricane Ian, which made landfall in Florida in September 2022, put incremental, downward pressure on carrier marketing spend. While we believe we have started to see some improvement in spending patterns, a recovery could be prolonged by further cost inflation, increased claim severity and frequency, or insufficient policy premium increases. 
 Expanding consumer traffic 
 Our success depends in part on the growth of our consumer traffic. We have historically increased consumer traffic to our marketplace by expanding existing advertising channels and adding new channels such as by engaging with consumers through our verified partner network. We plan to continue to increase consumer traffic by leveraging the features and growing data assets of our platform. While we plan to increase consumer traffic over the long term, we also have the ability to decrease advertising, if we believe the revenue associated with such consumer traffic does not result in incremental profit to our business. We have also increased the number of quote requests acquired from our verified partner network. While we plan to continue to increase the number of quote requests we acquire from our verified partner network, our ability to acquire quote requests in significant volume, at prices that are attractive, and that represent high-intent shoppers that insurance providers will purchase referrals for will impact our profitability. 
 Increasing the number of insurance providers and their respective spend in our marketplace 
 Our success also depends on our ability to retain and grow our insurance provider network. Historically, we have generally expanded both the number of insurance providers and the spend per provider on our platform. 
 39 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 Key Business Metrics 
 We regularly review a number of metrics, including GAAP operating results and the key metrics listed below, to evaluate our business, measure our performance, identify trends affecting our business, formulate financial projections, and make operating and strategic decisions. Some of these metrics are non-financial metrics or are financial metrics that are not defined by GAAP. 
 Adjusted EBITDA 
 We define Adjusted EBITDA as net income (loss), adjusted to exclude: stock-based compensation expense, depreciation and amortization expense, acquisition-related costs, one-time severance charges, interest income and the provision for (benefit from) income taxes. Adjusted EBITDA is a non-GAAP financial measure that we present in this Annual Report on Form 10-K to supplement the financial information we present on a GAAP basis. We monitor and present Adjusted EBITDA because it is a key measure used by our management and board of directors to understand and evaluate our operating performance, to establish budgets and to develop operational goals for managing our business. Adjusted EBITDA should not be considered in isolation from, or as an alternative to, measures prepared in accordance with GAAP. Adjusted EBITDA should be considered together with other operating and financial performance measures presented in accordance with GAAP. Also, Adjusted EBITDA may not necessarily be comparable to similarly titled measures presented by other companies. For further explanation of the uses and limitations of this measure and a reconciliation of Adjusted EBITDA to the most directly comparable GAAP measure, net income (loss), please see Non-GAAP Financial Measure . 
 Variable Marketing Margin 
 We define variable marketing margin, or VMM, as revenue, as reported in our consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive loss, less advertising costs (a component of sales and marketing expense, as reported in our consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive loss). We use VMM to measure the efficiency of individual advertising and consumer acquisition sources and to make trade-off decisions to manage our return on advertising. We do not use VMM as a measure of profitability. 
 Key Components of Our Results of Operations 
 	 Revenue 
 We generate our revenue primarily by selling consumer referrals to insurance provider customers, consisting of carriers and agents, as well as to indirect distributors. To simplify the quoting process for the consumer and improve performance for the provider, we are able to provide consumer-submitted quote request data along with each referral. We recognize revenue from consumer referrals at the time of delivery. We support three secure consumer referral formats: 
 Clicks: An online-to-online referral, with a handoff of the consumer to the provider s website. 

Data: An online-to-offline referral, with quote request data transmitted to the provider for follow-up. 

Calls: An online-to-offline referral for outbound calls and an offline-to-offline referral for inbound calls, with the consumer and provider connected by phone. 

We also generate revenue from commissions paid to us by insurance carriers for the sale of policies, primarily in our health and automotive verticals. Commission revenue represented approximately 13 of total revenue in the year ended December 31, 2022, and less than 10 of total revenue in the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020. Commission revenue is recognized upon satisfaction of our performance obligation, which we consider to be submission of the policy application to the insurance carrier. We recognize revenue based on our constrained estimate of commission payments we expect to receive over the lifetime of the policies sold, which we refer to as constrained lifetime values, or constrained LTVs, of commission payments. 
 For the periods presented, our total revenue consisted of revenue generated from our automotive and other insurance verticals, which includes home and renters, life and health insurance verticals, as follows: 

Year Ended December 31, 

2022 

2021 

2020 

(in thousands) 

Automotive 

324,417 

330,928 

283,236 

Other 

79,710 

87,587 

63,699 

Total Revenue 

404,127 

418,515 

346,935 

40 
 
 Table of Contents 

We expect an overall increase in revenue in 2023 as we anticipate increased spending from our carrier partners. We expect revenue to fluctuate from quarter to quarter and, in particular, for our commission revenue to be positively impacted during the open and annual enrollment periods in our health vertical. 
 Cost and Operating Expenses 
 Our cost and operating expenses consist of cost of revenue, sales and marketing, research and development, general and administrative expenses and acquisition-related costs. 
 We allocate certain overhead expenses, such as rent, utilities, office supplies and depreciation and amortization of general office assets, to cost of revenue and operating expense categories based on headcount. As a result, an overhead expense allocation is reflected in cost of revenue and each operating expense category. Personnel-related costs included in cost of revenue and each operating expense category include wages, fringe benefit costs and stock-based compensation expense. 
 Cost of Revenue 
 Cost of revenue is comprised primarily of the costs of operating our marketplace and delivering consumer referrals to our customers. These costs consist primarily of technology service costs including hosting, software, data services, and third-party call center costs. In addition, cost of revenue includes depreciation and amortization of our platform technology assets and personnel-related costs. 
 Sales and Marketing 
 Sales and marketing expense consists primarily of advertising and marketing expenditures as well as personnel-related costs for employees engaged in sales, marketing, data analytics and consumer acquisition functions and amortization of sales and marketing-related intangible assets. Advertising expenditures consist of variable costs that are related to attracting consumers to our marketplace, generating consumer quote requests, including the cost of quote requests we acquire from our verified partner network, and promoting our marketplace to carriers and agents. Advertising costs are expensed as incurred. Marketing costs consist primarily of content and creative development, public relations, memberships, and event costs. In order to continue to grow our business and brand awareness, we expect that we will continue to commit substantial resources to our sales and marketing efforts. We expect our sales and marketing expense will increase in the near term. In the longer term, we expect sales and marketing expense to decrease as a percentage of revenue due to efficiencies of scale and improvements in our marketplace technology. 
 Research and Development 
 Research and development expense consists primarily of personnel-related costs for software development and product management. We have focused our research and development efforts on improving ease of use and functionality of our existing marketplace platform and developing new offerings and internal tools. We primarily expense research and development costs. Direct development costs related to software enhancements that add functionality are capitalized and amortized as a component of cost of revenue. We expect that research and development expense will increase as we continue to enhance and expand our platform technology. 
 General and Administrative 
 General and administrative expense consists of personnel-related costs and related expenses for executive, finance, legal, human resources, technical support and administrative personnel as well as the costs associated with professional fees for external legal, accounting and other consulting services, insurance premiums and payment processing and billing costs. We expect that general and administrative expense will increase in the near term due primarily to increases in personnel-related costs. 
 Acquisition-related 
 Acquisition-related costs include expenses associated with third-party professional services we utilize for the evaluation and execution of acquisitions as well as changes in the fair value of our contingent consideration liabilities recorded as the result of our Eversurance and PolicyFuel acquisitions. 
 Other Income (Expense) 
 Other income (expense) consists of interest income and other income (expense). Interest income consists of interest earned on invested cash balances. Other income (expense) consists of miscellaneous income (expense) unrelated to our core operations. 
 41 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 Income Taxes 
 Income tax expense is based on our estimate of taxable income, applicable income tax rates, net research and development tax credits, net operating loss carrybacks, changes in valuation allowance estimates and deferred income taxes. 
 Non-GAAP Financial Measure 
 To supplement our consolidated financial statements presented in accordance with GAAP and to provide investors with additional information regarding our financial results, we present in this Annual Report on Form 10-K adjusted EBITDA as a non-GAAP financial measure. Adjusted EBITDA is not based on any standardized methodology prescribed by GAAP and is not necessarily comparable to similarly titled measures presented by other companies. 
 Adjusted EBITDA . We define adjusted EBITDA as our net income (loss), excluding the impact of stock-based compensation expense; depreciation and amortization expense; acquisition-related costs; one-time severance charges; interest income; and our provision for (benefit from) income taxes. The most directly comparable GAAP measure to adjusted EBITDA is net income (loss). We monitor and present in this Annual Report on Form 10-K adjusted EBITDA because it is a key measure used by our management and board of directors to understand and evaluate our operating performance, to establish budgets and to develop operational goals for managing our business. In particular, we believe that excluding the impact of these expenses in calculating adjusted EBITDA can provide a useful measure for period-to-period comparisons of our core operating performance. 
 We use adjusted EBITDA to evaluate our operating performance and trends and make planning decisions. We believe adjusted EBITDA helps identify underlying trends in our business that could otherwise be masked by the effect of the expenses that we exclude in the calculation of adjusted EBITDA. Accordingly, we believe that adjusted EBITDA provides useful information to investors and others in understanding and evaluating our operating results, enhancing the overall understanding of our past performance and future prospects. 
 Adjusted EBITDA is not prepared in accordance with GAAP and should not be considered in isolation of, or as an alternative to, measures prepared in accordance with GAAP. There are a number of limitations related to the use of adjusted EBITDA rather than net income (loss), which is the most directly comparable financial measure calculated and presented in accordance with GAAP. Some of these limitations are: 
 adjusted EBITDA excludes stock-based compensation expense as it has recently been, and will continue to be for the foreseeable future, a significant recurring non-cash expense for our business; 

adjusted EBITDA excludes depreciation and amortization expense and, although this is a non-cash expense, the assets being depreciated and amortized may have to be replaced in the future; 

adjusted EBITDA excludes acquisition-related costs that affect cash available to us and the change in fair value of non-cash contingent consideration; 

adjusted EBITDA excludes severance charges incurred and paid in the fourth quarter of 2021 related to our reduction in non-marketing operating expenses that affected cash available to us; 

adjusted EBITDA does not reflect the cash received from interest income on our investments, which affects the cash available to us; 

adjusted EBITDA does not reflect income tax expense (benefit) that affects cash available to us; and 

the expenses and other items that we exclude in our calculation of adjusted EBITDA may differ from the expenses and other items, if any, that other companies may exclude from adjusted EBITDA when they report their operating results. 

In addition, other companies may use other measures to evaluate their performance, all of which could reduce the usefulness of adjusted EBITDA as a tool for comparison. 
 42 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 The following table reconciles adjusted EBITDA to net income (loss), the most directly comparable financial measures calculated and presented in accordance with GAAP. 
 Reconciliation of Net Loss to Adjusted EBITDA: 

Year Ended December 31, 

2022 

2021 

2020 

(in thousands) 

Net loss 

(24,416) 

(19,434) 

(11,202) 

Stock-based compensation 

28,986 

30,020 

24,179 

Depreciation and amortization 

5,848 

5,072 

3,350 

Acquisition-related costs 

(4,135) 

1,065 

2,258 

Severance under a plan 

440 

Interest income 

(349) 

(37) 

(189) 

Benefit from income taxes 

(2,510) 

Adjusted EBITDA 

5,934 

14,616 

18,396 

Results of Operations 
 The following tables set forth our results of operations for the periods shown: 

Year Ended December 31, 

2022 

2021 

2020 

(in thousands) 

Statement of Operations Data: 

Revenue(1) 

404,127 

418,515 

346,935 

Cost and operating expenses(2): 

Cost of revenue 

23,980 

23,949 

21,373 

Sales and marketing 

349,255 

354,990 

284,880 

Research and development 

31,713 

35,732 

29,662 

General and administrative 

28,102 

24,703 

20,444 

Acquisition-related costs 

(4,135) 

1,065 

2,258 

Total cost and operating expenses 

428,915 

440,439 

358,617 

Loss from operations 

(24,788) 

(21,924) 

(11,682) 

Other income (expense): 

Interest income 

349 

37 

189 

Other income (expense), net 

23 

(57) 

291 

Total other income (expense), net 

372 

(20) 

480 

Loss before income taxes 

(24,416) 

(21,944) 

(11,202) 

Benefit from income taxes 

2,510 

Net loss 

(24,416) 

(19,434) 

(11,202) 

Other Financial and Operational Data: 

Variable marketing margin 

128,258 

129,553 

108,642 

Adjusted EBITDA(3) 

5,934 

14,616 

18,396 

(1) Comprised of revenue from the following distribution channels: 

Year Ended December 31, 

2022 

2021 

2020 

Direct channels 

86 

90 

92 

Indirect channels 

14 

10 

8 

100 

100 

100 

43 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 (2) Includes stock-based compensation expense as follows: 

Year Ended December 31, 

2022 

2021 

2020 

(in thousands) 

Cost of revenue 

281 

363 

361 

Sales and marketing 

11,018 

12,405 

10,246 

Research and development 

10,328 

9,551 

7,751 

General and administrative 

7,359 

7,701 

5,821 

28,986 

30,020 

24,179 

(3) See Non-GAAP Financial Measure for information regarding our use of adjusted EBITDA as a non-GAAP financial measure and a reconciliation of adjusted EBITDA to its comparable GAAP financial measure. 
 Comparison of the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 Revenue 

Year Ended December 31, 

Change 

2022 

2021 

Amount 

(dollars in thousands) 

Revenue 

404,127 

418,515 

(14,388) 

-3.4 

Revenue decreased by 14.4 million from 418.5 million for the year ended December 31, 2021 to 404.1 million for the year ended December 31, 2022. The decrease in revenue was due to decreases of 7.9 million and 6.5 million in our other insurance and automotive verticals, respectively. The decrease in revenue from our other insurance verticals was due to a decrease of 16.9 million in carrier spend for referrals, partially offset by an increase in commission revenue of 9.1 million. The decrease in revenue from our automotive vertical was primarily due to a decrease of 21.1 million in carrier spend for referrals, partially offset by an increase in commission revenue of 14.6 million. 
 Cost of Revenue 

Year Ended December 31, 

Change 

2022 

2021 

Amount 

(dollars in thousands) 

Cost of revenue 

23,980 

23,949 

31 

0.1 

Percentage of revenue 

5.9 

5.7 

Cost of revenue increased slightly from 23.9 million for the year ended December 31, 2021 to 24.0 million for the year ended December 31, 2022. Cost of revenue increased primarily due to increased personnel-related costs of 1.3 million as a result of shifting call referrals from third-party call centers to employees and to increased amortization of intangible assets of 0.4 million, partially offset by decreases in technology service costs of 2.0 million, primarily due to decreased hosting costs, third-party call center costs and other technology service costs. 
 Sales and Marketing 

Year Ended December 31, 

Change 

2022 

2021 

Amount 

(dollars in thousands) 

Sales and marketing expense 

349,255 

354,990 

(5,735) 

-1.6 

Percentage of revenue 

86.4 

84.8 

Sales and marketing expenses decreased by 5.7 million from 355.0 million for the year ended December 31, 2021 to 349.3 million for the year ended December 31, 2022. The decrease in sales and marketing expense was primarily due to a decrease in advertising expenditures of 13.1 million, partially offset by an increase in personnel-related costs of 5.5 million. The decrease in advertising expenditures primarily related to decreased carrier spend for referrals, which impacted our advertising expenditures. The 
 44 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 increase in personnel-related costs was primarily due to an increase in headcount, a significant portion of which was in DTC agency. Agent license fees and office and occupancy costs related to DTC also increased by 0.8 million and 0.5 million, respectively. 
 Research and Development 

Year Ended December 31, 

Change 

2022 

2021 

Amount 

(dollars in thousands) 

Research and development expense 

31,713 

35,732 

(4,019) 

-11.2 

Percentage of revenue 

7.8 

8.5 

Research and development expenses decreased by 4.0 million from 35.7 million for the year ended December 31, 2021 to 31.7 million for the year ended December 31, 2022. The decrease in research and development expense was primarily due to a decrease in personnel-related costs of 4.1 million and a decrease in consulting costs of 0.4 million, partially offset by an increase in technology service costs of 0.8 million. 
 General and Administrative 

Year Ended December 31, 

Change 

2022 

2021 

Amount 

(dollars in thousands) 

General and administrative expense 

28,102 

24,703 

3,399 

13.8 

Percentage of revenue 

7.0 

5.9 

General and administrative expenses increased by 3.4 million from 24.7 million for the year ended December 31, 2021 to 28.1 million for the year ended December 31, 2022. The increase in general and administrative expenses was primarily due to an increase in personnel-related costs of 1.2 million, an increase in consulting fees of 0.9 million and an increase in bad debt expense of 0.7 million. Credit card fees also increased by 0.3 million. 
 
 Acquisition-related Costs 
 Acquisition-related costs for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 were (4.1) million and 1.1 million, respectively. We recorded a credit to acquisition-related costs for the year ended December 31, 2022 of 4.1 million related to the decrease in the fair value of our contingent consideration liabilities. The decrease was related to our future revenue forecasts and to a lesser extent, changes in market value of our Class A common stock. Acquisition-related costs for the year ended December 31, 2021 included costs for third-party professional services we utilized for the evaluation and execution of our completed acquisitions of 0.9 million and changes in the fair value of our contingent consideration liabilities recorded as the result of our acquisitions. 
 Other Income (Expense) 
 Other income (expense) included interest income of 0.3 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 as compared to less than 0.1 million for the year ended December 31, 2021, due to higher interest rates. Other income (expense), net was not significant for either of the years ended December 31, 2022 or 2021. 
 Income Taxes 
 We generated taxable income during the year ended December 31, 2022 related primarily to capitalized research and development costs due to the new requirement to capitalize research and development costs under Section 174 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986. We offset our taxable income with net operating loss carryforwards and therefore did not record income tax expense for the year ended December 31, 2022. We recorded an income tax benefit of 2.5 million for the year ended December 31, 2021 due to the release of a portion of our valuation allowance as a result of the PolicyFuel acquisition. The net deferred tax liability recorded for the PolicyFuel acquisition primarily relates to the intangible assets recognized in purchase accounting which are non-deductible for tax purposes and result in a deferred tax liability. 
 45 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 Variable Marketing Margin 

Year Ended December 31, 

Change 

2022 

2021 

Amount 

(dollars in thousands) 

Revenue 

404,127 

418,515 

(14,388) 

-3.4 

Less: total advertising expense (a component of sales and marketing expense) 

275,869 

288,962 

Variable marketing margin 

128,258 

129,553 

(1,295) 

-1.0 

Percentage of revenue 

31.7 

31.0 

The decrease in variable marketing margin was due primarily to decreases in referral revenue, partially offset by increases in commission revenue. 
 Comparison of the Years Ended December 31, 2021 and 2020 
 For a discussion of our results of operations for the year ended December 31, 2021 as compared to the year ended December 31, 2020, see Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Results of Operations Comparison of the Years Ended December 31, 2021 and 2020 included in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2021. 
 Liquidity and Capital Resources 
 Our principal sources of liquidity are cash and cash equivalents of 30.8 million as of December 31, 2022 and availability of up to 45.0 million under our revolving line of credit and term loan, each of which were amended in July 2022. On July 15, 2022, we entered into the Loan and Security Modification Agreement, which amended our existing Loan and Security Agreement, or the 2020 Loan Agreement, with Western Alliance Bank, or the Lender, to extend the maturity date of the revolving line of credit to July 15, 2025, to increase the revolving line of credit available thereunder from 25.0 million to 35.0 million, and to provide us with access to a term loan of up to 10.0 million. We refer to the 2020 Loan Agreement, as amended by the Loan and Security Modification Agreement, as the Amended Loan Agreement. 
 Pursuant to the Amended Loan Agreement, borrowings under the revolving line of credit cannot exceed 85 of eligible accounts receivable balances, bear interest at the greater of 4.25 or the prime rate as published in the Wall Street Journal and mature on July 15, 2025. The term loan may be drawn through December 31, 2023 and borrowings bear interest at 0.25 plus the greater of 4.25 or the prime rate as published in the Wall Street Journal. Borrowings under the term loan of the Amended Loan Agreement are repayable in monthly interest-only payments through December 31, 2023. Commencing on January 1, 2024, the term loan is payable in 42 equal monthly installments of the then outstanding principal and accrued interest through June 2027. We may prepay all, but not less than all, of any outstanding principal with respect to advances made under the term loan provided that such outstanding principal is paid in full along with any accrued but unpaid interest to date plus any fees that become payable under the Amended Loan Agreement. In an event of default, as defined in the Amended Loan Agreement, and until such event is no longer continuing, the annual interest rate to be charged would be the annual rate otherwise applicable to borrowings under the Amended Loan Agreement plus 5.00 . 
 Borrowings are collateralized by substantially all of our assets and property. Under the Amended Loan Agreement, we agreed to affirmative and negative covenants to which we will remain subject until maturity. The covenants include limitations on our ability to incur additional indebtedness and engage in certain fundamental business transactions, such as mergers or acquisitions of other businesses. In addition, under the Amended Loan Agreement and through December 31, 2023, we are required to maintain a minimum asset coverage ratio of 1.5 to 1 calculated as the sum of unrestricted cash held at the Lender and eligible accounts receivable divided by all borrowings outstanding under the Amended Loan Agreement. Commencing December 31, 2023, we are required to maintain, and test on a quarterly basis, a fixed charge coverage ratio and a leverage ratio. The fixed charge coverage ratio is measured as the ratio of (i) our trailing twelve-month adjusted EBITDA (as defined in the Amended Loan Agreement) less capital expenditures, less cash taxes, to (ii) our trailing twelve-month interest and principal payments to the Lender, of at least 1.25 to 1.00. The leverage ratio is measured as the ratio of (i) our outstanding obligations owing to the Lender, to (ii) our trailing twelve-month adjusted EBITDA (as defined in the Amended Loan Agreement), of not more than 3.00 to 1.00. As of December 31, 2022, we were in compliance with these covenants. 
 Since our inception, we have incurred operating losses and may continue to incur losses in the foreseeable future. We anticipate that our operating expenses and capital expenditures will increase in the near term as we hire additional employees and improve our technology and infrastructure capabilities. Additionally, a significant portion of the commission revenue we record will be collected over a multi-year time frame as policyholders renew their policies, and we are paid commissions on those renewals. As of December 31, 2022, 33.4 million of our 46.9 million commissions receivable contract asset was classified as long-term. We believe our 
 46 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 existing cash and cash equivalents will be sufficient to fund our operating expenses and capital expenditure requirements for at least the next 12 months, without considering the borrowing availability under our credit facility. Our future capital requirements may vary materially from those currently planned and will depend on many factors, including our rate of revenue growth, the timing and extent of spending on business initiatives, purchases of capital equipment to support our growth, the expansion of sales and marketing activities, expansion of our business through acquisitions or our investments in complementary offerings, technologies or businesses, market acceptance of our platform and overall economic conditions. If we do not achieve our revenue goals as planned, we believe that we can reduce our operating costs. If we need additional funds and are unable to obtain funding on a timely basis, we may need to significantly curtail our operations in an effort to provide sufficient funds to continue our operations, which could adversely affect our business prospects. 
 Cash Flows 
 The following table shows a summary of our cash flows: 

Year Ended December 31, 

2022 

2021 

2020 

(in thousands) 

Net cash provided by (used in) operating activities 

(15,791) 

7,189 

10,668 

Net cash used in investing activities 

(4,290) 

(18,817) 

(18,752) 

Net cash provided by financing activities 

15,842 

3,615 

4,907 

Effect of exchange rate changes on cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash 

(27) 

(6) 

(7) 

Net decrease in cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash 

(4,266) 

(8,019) 

(3,184) 

Net cash provided by operating activities 
 Operating activities used 15.8 million of cash during the year ended December 31, 2022 and provided 7.2 million of cash during the year ended December 31, 2021. Cash used by operating activities in the year ended December 31, 2022 resulted from our net loss of 24.4 million and net cash used by changes in our operating assets and liabilities of 22.8 million, partially offset by net non-cash charges of 31.4 million. Net cash used by changes in our operating assets and liabilities consisted primarily of a 24.2 million increase in commissions receivable, a 2.1 million increase in prepaid expenses and other current assets and a 1.3 million decrease in accounts payable and accrued expenses and other current liabilities, partially offset by a 5.4 million decrease in accounts receivable. 
 Cash provided by operating activities in the year ended December 31, 2021 primarily resulted from the offset of net non-cash charges of 32.8 million to our net loss of 19.4 million, partially offset by net cash used by changes in our operating assets and liabilities of 6.1 million. Net cash used by changes in our operating assets and liabilities consisted primarily of a 16.9 million increase in commissions receivable and a 1.3 million decrease in accounts payable and accrued expenses and other current liabilities, partially offset by a 10.5 million decrease in accounts receivable and a 1.8 million decrease in prepaid expenses and other current assets. 
 Changes in accounts receivable, accounts payable and accrued expenses and other current liabilities were generally due to growth in our business, timing of customer and vendor invoicing and payments. Collection of commissions receivable depends upon the timing of our receipt of commission payments from insurance carriers. A significant portion of our commissions receivable asset is classified as long term. 
 Net cash used in investing activities 
 Net cash used in investing activities was 4.3 million and 18.8 million for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Cash used in investing activities for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 consisted of cash used to acquire property and equipment, which included the capitalization of software development costs. During the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, we capitalized 3.6 million and 2.3 million, respectively, of software development costs. Net cash used in investing activities for the year ended December 31, 2021 included cash paid of 16.0 million to purchase PolicyFuel. 
 47 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 Net cash provided by financing activities 
 During the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, net cash provided by financing activities was 15.8 million and 3.6 million, respectively. Net cash provided by financing activities during the year ended December 31, 2022 consisted primarily of 15.0 million of proceeds from the issuance and sale of shares of common stock in a private placement with Recognition Capital, LLC, an entity which is owned and controlled by David Blundin, Chairman of the Board of Directors and co-founder of the Company, and 0.9 million from the exercise of common stock options. Net cash provided by financing activities during the year ended December 31, 2021 consisted of proceeds of 3.6 million received from the exercise of common stock options. 
 For a discussion of our cash flows for the year ended December 31, 2020, see Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Liquidity and Capital Resources Cash Flows included in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2021. 
 Contractual Obligations and Commitments 
 Our cash flows are dependent on a number of factors in addition to our operational expenditures, including our contractual and other obligations. As a result, our liquidity and capital resources in future periods should be analyzed in conjunction with such factors. 
 We lease office space in Cambridge, Massachusetts under a non-cancelable operating lease that expires in September 2024. We lease office space at various other locations under non-cancelable operating leases that expire at varying dates through 2030. As of December 31, 2022, we were obligated to make total minimum lease payments of 6.8 million under such leases, of which 3.2 million is payable in 2023. 
 We have outstanding agreements with various vendors for hosting and other technical services. We believe that we will be able to fund these obligations through our existing cash and cash equivalents. 
 Critical Accounting Policies and Significant Judgments and Estimates 
 Our consolidated financial statements are prepared in accordance with GAAP. The preparation of our consolidated financial statements and related disclosures requires us to make estimates and judgments that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenue, costs and expenses, and the disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities in our consolidated financial statements. We base our estimates on historical experience, known trends and events, and various other factors that we believe are reasonable under the circumstances, the results of which form the basis for making judgments about the carrying values of assets and liabilities that are not readily apparent from other sources. We evaluate our estimates and assumptions on an ongoing basis. Our actual results may differ from these estimates under different assumptions or conditions. 
 While our significant accounting policies are described in more detail in Note 2 to our audited consolidated financial statements, appearing in Part II of Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K, we believe that the following accounting policies are those most critical to the judgments and estimates used in the preparation of our consolidated financial statements. 
 Goodwill and Acquired Intangible Assets 
 We record goodwill when consideration paid in a business acquisition exceeds the value of the net assets acquired. Our estimates of fair value are based upon assumptions believed to be reasonable at that time but that are inherently uncertain and unpredictable. Assumptions may be incomplete or inaccurate, and unanticipated events or circumstances may occur, which may affect the accuracy or validity of such assumptions, estimates or actual results. During the measurement period, which extends no later than one year from the acquisition date, we may record certain adjustments to the carrying value of the assets acquired and liabilities assumed with the corresponding offset to goodwill. After the measurement period, all adjustments are recorded in the consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive loss as operating expenses or income. 
 Goodwill is not amortized, but rather is tested for impairment annually, or more frequently if facts and circumstances warrant a review, such as significant underperformance of the business in relation to expectations, significant negative industry or economic trends and significant changes or planned changes in the use of the assets. We have determined that there is a single reporting unit for the purpose of conducting our goodwill impairment assessment. We assess both the existence of potential impairment and the amount of impairment loss by comparing the fair value of the reporting unit with its carrying amount, including goodwill. Intangible assets are recorded at their estimated fair values at the date of acquisition. We amortize acquired intangible assets over their estimated useful lives based on the pattern of consumption of the economic benefits or, if that pattern cannot be readily determined, on a straight-line basis. To date, we have not recorded any impairments of goodwill or acquired intangible assets. 
 Valuation of Contingent Consideration 
 In connection with our acquisitions of Eversurance and PolicyFuel we agreed to issue shares of Class A common stock to the former owners upon the achievement of certain revenue targets. Achievement of revenue targets that will result in the issuance of a variable number of shares of Class A common stock are accounted for as a liability. We estimated the fair value of the shares of Class 
 48 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 A common stock issuable upon achievement of the targets as of the acquisition date. We remeasure the fair value of the shares of Class A common stock issuable at each subsequent reporting date until the liability is fully settled. We use Monte Carlo simulation models in our estimates. The estimated fair value of the contingent consideration is based upon available information and certain assumptions, known at the time of our estimates, which management believes are reasonable. Changes in the fair value of contingent consideration related to updated assumptions and estimates are recognized as acquisition-related costs. 
 We used a Monte Carlo simulation model in our estimates of the fair value of the contingent consideration related to the PolicyFuel acquisition that will be settled based on achievement at varying levels of three annual targets. The most significant assumptions and estimates utilized in the model include forecasted revenue (an acquisition specific input) and the market value of our Class A common stock (an observable input). Other assumptions utilized in the model include equity volatility, revenue volatility and discount rate. In December 2022, we issued 58,754 shares of Class A common stock to the former owners of Eversurance upon achievement of the third and final target of the contingent consideration arrangement. We issued 62,671 shares of our Class A common stock in December 2022 to settle the first milestone related to the PolicyFuel contingent consideration. The fair value of our contingent consideration liability for the PolicyFuel shares for the second and third milestones was 0.2 million as of December 31, 2022. A hypothetical change of 10 in our estimate of the number of shares of our Class A common stock to be released upon achievement of the revenue targets or the market value of Class A common stock, would not be material. 
 Revenue Recognition 
 We derive our revenue primarily by selling consumer referrals to our insurance provider customers, including insurance carriers, agents and indirect distributors. We also generate revenue from commission fees for the sale of policies, primarily in our health and automotive verticals. To determine revenue recognition for arrangements that we determine are within the scope of the revenue standard, we perform the following five steps: (i) identify the contract(s) with a customer; (ii) identify the performance obligations in the contract; (iii) determine the transaction price; (iv) allocate the transaction price to the performance obligations in the contract; and (v) recognize revenue when (or as) we satisfy a performance obligation. 
 We only apply the five-step model to contracts when collectability of the consideration to which we are entitled in exchange for the goods or services we transfer to the customer is determined to be probable. Amounts are recorded as accounts receivable when our right to consideration is unconditional. We do not assess whether a contract has a significant financing component if the expectation at contract inception is that the period between payment by the customer and the transfer of the promised goods or services to the customer will be one year or less. 
 Referral Revenue 
 We recognize referral revenue when we satisfy our performance obligations by delivering the referrals to our customers in an amount that reflects the consideration to which we expect to be entitled in exchange for those referrals. 
 Commission Revenue 
 Commission revenue consists of the estimated constrained lifetime values, or constrained LTVs, of commission payments we expect to receive from health insurance carriers and auto insurance carriers on the sale of insurance policies to consumers and renewals of such policies. Commission revenue is recognized upon satisfaction of our performance obligation. We consider our performance obligation related to commissions for both the initial policy sale and future renewals of the policy to be satisfied upon submission of the policy application. Therefore, a significant portion of the commission revenue we record upon satisfaction of our performance obligation is paid by our insurance provider customer over a multi-year time frame as policyholders renew and pay the insurance provider for their policies. The current portion of commissions receivable consists of estimated commissions on new policies sold and estimated renewal commissions on policies expected to be renewed within one year, while the non-current portion of commissions receivable are commissions for estimated renewals expected to be renewed beyond one year. Commission revenue represented approximately 13 of total revenue for the year ended December 31, 2022 and less than 10 of total revenue for each of the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020. 
 We estimate commission revenue for each health insurance product by using a portfolio approach to a group of policies by product type and the application submission date of the relevant policy, which are referred to as cohorts. Our estimate of constrained LTVs is based on an analysis of historical commission payment trends for relevant policies to establish an expected lifetime value and incorporates our judgment in interpreting those trends to calculate LTVs and to apply constraints to such LTVs. Significant factors impacting historical trends include carrier mix, average policy duration and conversion rates of paying policies. 
 Commission revenue from auto insurance carriers consists of constrained LTVs of commission payments we expect to receive for selling an insurance policy based on the effective date of the policy. Our estimate of constrained LTVs is based on an analysis of historical commission payment trends for relevant policies to establish an expected lifetime value and incorporates our judgment in 
 49 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 interpreting those trends to calculate LTVs and to apply constraints to such LTVs. The most significant factor impacting historical trends is average policy duration. 
 We apply a constraint to estimated LTVs to only recognize the amount of variable consideration that we believe is probable that we will be entitled to receive and will not be subject to a significant revenue reversal in the future. 
 To the extent that commission payment trends change or the underlying factors impacting commission payments change, our estimates of constrained LTVs could be materially impacted. To the extent we make changes to our estimates of constrained LTVs, we recognize any material impact of the change to commission revenue in the reporting period in which the change is made, including revisions of estimated lifetime commissions either below or in excess of previously estimated constrained LTVs recognized as an adjustment to revenue and the related contract asset. We recognize revenue for new policies by applying the latest estimated constrained LTV for that product. 
 Stock-Based Compensation 
 We measure stock options and other stock-based awards granted to employees, non-employees and directors based on their fair value on the date of the grant. We recognize compensation expense of employee awards, net of estimated forfeitures, over the requisite service period, which is generally the vesting period of the respective award. We apply the straight-line method of expense recognition to all employee awards with only service-based vesting conditions and apply the graded-vesting method to all employee awards with both service-based and performance-based vesting conditions, commencing when achievement of the performance condition becomes probable. Compensation expense for nonemployee awards is recognized in the same manner as if we had paid cash for the goods or services received. 
 We estimate the fair value of stock options with service-based vesting or performance-based vesting granted to employees, non-employees and directors using the Black-Scholes option-pricing model, which uses as inputs the fair value of our common stock and assumptions we make for the volatility of our common stock, the expected term of our common stock options, the risk-free interest rate for a period that approximates the expected term of our common stock options, and our expected dividend yield. We measure stock options with market-based vesting based on the fair value on the date of grant using a Monte Carlo simulation model. We estimate the fair value of each restricted stock unit, or RSU, based on the market value of our common stock. 
 The fair value of performance-based RSUs that are liability classified will be recorded as compensation expense based on the fair value of the number of shares issued at vesting. Prior to vesting, compensation expense is recognized over the period during which services are rendered, based on the performance conditions deemed to be probable of achievement. At the end of each financial reporting period prior to the vesting date, the fair value of these awards is remeasured using the then-current fair value of our Class A common stock. For a description of liability-classified performance-based RSUs refer to Note 10 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 Recently Issued Accounting Pronouncements 
 A description of recently issued accounting pronouncements that may potentially impact our financial position and results of operations is disclosed in Note 2 to our audited consolidated financial statements appearing in Part II, Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 ITEM 7A. QUANTITATIVE AN D QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 
 We have a credit agreement that provides us with credit at a floating rate of interest. As of December 31, 2022, we had no outstanding borrowings under our credit facility and therefore no material exposure to fluctuations in interest rates. 
 We contract with vendors in foreign countries and we have foreign subsidiaries. As such, we have exposure to adverse changes in exchange rates of foreign currencies associated with our foreign transactions and our foreign subsidiaries. We believe this exposure to be immaterial. We do not hedge against this exposure to fluctuations in exchange rates. 

50 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 ITEM 8. CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL ST ATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 
 EVERQUOTE, INC. 
 Index to Consolidated Financial Statements 

Page(s) 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID 
 52 

Consolidated Balance Sheets 
 54 

Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Loss 
 55 

Consolidated Statements of Stockholders Equity 
 56 

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
 57 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 58 

51 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 Report of Independ ent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 
 To the Board of Directors and Stockholders of EverQuote, Inc. 
 Opinions on the Financial Statements and Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of EverQuote, Inc. and its subsidiaries (the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the related consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive loss, of stockholders equity and of cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022, including the related notes (collectively referred to as the consolidated financial statements ). We also have audited the Company's internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control - Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO). 
 In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements referred to above present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022 in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. Also in our opinion, the Company maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control - Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the COSO. 
 Basis for Opinions 
 The Company's management is responsible for these consolidated financial statements, for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting, and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting, included in Management s Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting appearing under Item 9A. Our responsibility is to express opinions on the Company s consolidated financial statements and on the Company's internal control over financial reporting based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB) and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audits to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud, and whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. 
 Our audits of the consolidated financial statements included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the consolidated financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the consolidated financial statements. Our audit of internal control over financial reporting included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, and testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk. Our audits also included performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinions. 
 Definition and Limitations of Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 A company s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (i) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (ii) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (iii) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 
 Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 
 52 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 Critical Audit Matters 
 The critical audit matter communicated below is a matter arising from the current period audit of the consolidated financial statements that was communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that (i) relates to accounts or disclosures that are material to the consolidated financial statements and (ii) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of critical audit matters does not alter in any way our opinion on the consolidated financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matter below, providing a separate opinion on the critical audit matter or on the accounts or disclosures to which it relates. 
 Valuation of contingent consideration liability related to the acquisition of Policy Fuel, LLC and its affiliated entities 
 As described in Notes 3 and 4 to the consolidated financial statements, the Company completed its acquisition of Policy Fuel, LLC and its affiliated entities (PolicyFuel) on August 13, 2021. The total purchase consideration was 20.0 million, which included contingent consideration representing the estimated fair value as of the acquisition date of Class A common stock issuable to the former owners of PolicyFuel upon achievement of certain revenue targets over the three years following the acquisition. The former owners of PolicyFuel are eligible to receive shares of Class A common stock upon the achievement (at varying levels) of each of three twelve-month revenue targets. As achievement of each of the three twelve-month targets results in the issuance of a variable number of shares of Class A common stock, management recorded a liability for the fair value of this contingent consideration. As of December 31, 2022, management estimated the fair value of the contingent consideration to be 0.2 million, and recorded a 4.0 million credit to acquisition-related costs for the decrease in fair value during the year ended December 31, 2022. Management estimated the fair value of the contingent consideration as of the acquisition date, and remeasures the fair value of the contingent consideration at each subsequent reporting date until the liability is fully settled, using a Monte Carlo simulation model. Management s significant assumptions and estimates utilized in the model include the forecasted revenue, equity volatility, revenue volatility, and discount rate. 
 The principal considerations for our determination that performing procedures relating to the valuation of the contingent consideration liability related to the PolicyFuel acquisition is a critical audit matter are (i) a high degree of auditor judgment and subjectivity in applying procedures relating to the fair value of the contingent consideration liability due to the significant judgment by management when determining the fair value, (ii) the significant audit effort in evaluating management s significant assumptions related to the forecasted revenue, equity volatility, and revenue volatility, and (iii) the audit effort involved the use of professionals with specialized skill and knowledge. 
 Addressing the matter involved performing procedures and evaluating audit evidence in connection with forming our overall opinion on the consolidated financial statements. These procedures included testing the effectiveness of controls relating to management s determination of the fair value of the contingent consideration liability, including controls over the development of the forecasted revenue and assessment of the equity volatility and revenue volatility used in the Monte Carlo simulation model. These procedures also included, among others, (i) testing the completeness and accuracy of the underlying data used in the Monte Carlo simulation model and (ii) evaluating the appropriateness of the Monte Carlo simulation model and reasonableness of the significant assumptions used by management related to the forecasted revenue, equity volatility, and revenue volatility. Evaluating the reasonableness of the forecasted revenue involved considering the consistency with historical data as well as consistency with external economic and market data. Professionals with specialized skill and knowledge were used to assist in the evaluation of the appropriateness of the Monte Carlo simulation model, as well as evaluating the reasonableness of the significant assumptions related to the equity volatility and revenue volatility. 

/s/ 
 
 February 27, 2023 
 
 We have served as the Company s auditor since 2014. 
 53 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 EVERQUOTE, INC. 
 CONSOLIDATED BALAN CE SHEETS 
 (In thousands, except share and per share amounts) 

December 31, 

2022 

2021 

Assets 

Current assets: 

Cash and cash equivalents 

Accounts receivable, net 

Commissions receivable, current portion 

Prepaid expenses and other current assets 

Total current assets 

Property and equipment, net 

Goodwill 

Acquired intangible assets, net 

Operating lease right-of-use assets 

Commissions receivable, non-current portion 

Other assets 

Total assets 

Liabilities and Stockholders' Equity 

Current liabilities: 

Accounts payable 

Accrued expenses and other current liabilities 

Deferred revenue 

Operating lease liabilities 

Total current liabilities 

Operating lease liabilities, net of current portion 

Other long-term liabilities 

Total liabilities 

Commitments and contingencies (Note 13) 

Stockholders' equity: 

Preferred stock, par value; shares authorized; shares issued and outstanding 

Class A common stock, par value; shares authorized; shares and shares issued and outstanding at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively 

Class B common stock, par value; shares authorized; shares and shares issued and outstanding at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively 

Additional paid-in capital 

Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) 

() 

Accumulated deficit 

() 

() 

Total stockholders' equity 

Total liabilities and stockholders' equity 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 54 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 EVERQUOTE, INC. 
 CONSOLIDATED S TATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS AND COMPREHENSIVE LOSS 
 (In thousands, except per share amounts) 

Year Ended December 31, 

2022 

2021 

2020 

Revenue 

Cost and operating expenses: 

Cost of revenue 

Sales and marketing 

Research and development 

General and administrative 

Acquisition-related costs 

() 

Total cost and operating expenses 

Loss from operations 

() 

() 

() 

Other income (expense): 

Interest income 

Other income (expense), net 

() 

Total other income (expense), net 

() 

Loss before income taxes 

() 

() 

() 

Benefit from income taxes 

Net loss 

() 

() 

() 

Net loss per share, basic and diluted 

() 

() 

() 

Weighted average common shares outstanding, basic and diluted 

Comprehensive loss: 

Net loss 

() 

() 

() 

Other comprehensive income (loss): 

Foreign currency translation adjustment 

() 

() 

Comprehensive loss 

() 

() 

() 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 
 55 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 EVERQUOTE, INC. 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT S OF STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY 
 (in thousands, except share amounts) 

Accumulated 

Class A 

Class B 

Additional 

Other 

Total 

Common Stock 

Common Stock 

Paid-in 

Comprehensive 

Accumulated 

Stockholders 

Shares 

Amount 

Shares 

Amount 

Capital 

Income (Loss) 

Deficit 

Equity 

Balances at December 31, 2019 

() 

Contingent consideration to be settled in Class A common stock 

Issuance of common stock upon exercise of stock options 

Vesting of restricted stock units 

Stock-based compensation expense 

Transfer of Class B common stock to Class A common stock 

() 

() 

Foreign currency translation adjustment 

() 

() 

Net loss 

() 

() 

Balances at December 31, 2020 

() 

() 

Issuance of common stock to settle contingent consideration liability 

Issuance of common stock upon exercise of stock options 

Vesting of restricted stock units 

Stock-based compensation expense 

Transfer of Class B common stock to Class A common stock 

() 

() 

Foreign currency translation adjustment 

Net loss 

() 

() 

Balances at December 31, 2021 

() 

Private placement of common stock 

Issuance of common stock to settle Eversurance contingent consideration liability 

Issuance of common stock to settle PolicyFuel contingent consideration liability 

Issuance of common stock upon exercise of stock options 

Net issuance of common stock upon vesting of restricted stock units 

Stock-based compensation expense 

Transfer of Class B common stock to Class A common stock 

() 

Foreign currency translation adjustment 

() 

() 

Net loss 

() 

() 

Balances at December 31, 2022 

() 

() 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 
 56 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 EVERQUOTE, INC. 
 CONSOLIDATE D STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 
 (in thousands) 

Year Ended December 31, 

2022 

2021 

2020 

Cash flows from operating activities: 

Net loss 

() 

() 

() 

Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash provided by (used in) operating activities: 

Depreciation and amortization expense 

Stock-based compensation expense 

Change in fair value of contingent consideration 

() 

Deferred taxes 

() 

Provision for (recovery of) bad debt 

() 

Unrealized foreign currency transaction (gains) losses 

() 

Changes in operating assets and liabilities, net of effects from acquisitions: 

Accounts receivable 

() 

Prepaid expenses and other current assets 

() 

Commissions receivable, current and non-current 

() 

() 

() 

Operating lease right-of-use assets 

Other assets 

() 

Accounts payable 

() 

Accrued expenses and other current liabilities 

() 

() 

Deferred revenue 

() 

Operating lease liabilities 

() 

() 

() 

Other long-term liabilities 

() 

Net cash provided by (used in) operating activities 

() 

Cash flows from investing activities: 

Acquisition of property and equipment, including costs capitalized for development of internal-use software 

() 

() 

() 

Acquisition of business 

() 

() 

Net cash used in investing activities 

() 

() 

() 

Cash flows from financing activities: 

Proceeds from exercise of stock options 

Proceeds from private placement of common stock 

Tax withholding payments related to net share settlement 

() 

Net cash provided by financing activities 

Effect of exchange rate changes on cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash 

() 

() 

() 

Net decrease in cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash 

() 

() 

() 

Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash at beginning of period 

Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash at end of period 

Supplemental disclosure of noncash investing and financing information: 

Acquisition of property and equipment included in accounts payable 

Fair value of contingent consideration in connection with acquisition included in stockholders' equity 

Fair value of contingent consideration in connection with acquisition included in liabilities 

Issuance of Class A common stock to settle contingent consideration liabilities 

Issuance of Class A common stock to settle stock-based compensation liability 

Operating lease liabilities arising from obtaining right-of-use assets 

Reconciliation of cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash: 

Cash and cash equivalents 

Restricted cash (included in other assets) 

Total cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash shown in the statement of cash flows 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 57 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 EVERQUOTE, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDAT ED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 million for the year ended December 31, 2022. As of December 31, 2022, the Company had an accumulated deficit of million. As of the issuance date of these consolidated financial statements, the Company expects that its cash and cash equivalents will be sufficient to fund its operating expenses and capital expenditure requirements for at least the next 12 months from the issuance date of the consolidated financial statements, without considering borrowing availability under the Company s credit facility. The Company s consolidated financial statements have been prepared in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America GAAP ). Any reference in these notes to applicable guidance is meant to refer to the authoritative GAAP as found in the Accounting Standards Codification ASC and Accounting Standards Update ASU of the Financial Accounting Standards Board FASB ). The accompanying consolidated financial statements include the accounts of the Company and its wholly-owned subsidiaries. All intercompany accounts and transactions have been eliminated in consolidation. 

million deposited in a separate restricted bank account as a security deposit for the Company s corporate credit cards. Restricted cash accounts was classified within other assets. The restricted cash was released to the Company in January 2022 and as a result, as of December 31, 2022, the Company longer maintains a restricted cash balance. 
 
 customers represented and , respectively, of total revenue. For the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020, customer represented and , respectively, of total revenue. As of December 31, 2022, customer accounted for of the total accounts and commissions receivable balance. As of December 31, 2021, customer accounted for of the total accounts and commissions receivable balance. 
 million and less than million, respectively. During the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, the Company wrote off an insignificant amount of uncollectible accounts. 
 of total revenue in the year ended December 31, 2022, and less than of total revenue in each of the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020. The Company estimates commission revenue for each health insurance product by using a portfolio approach to a group of policies by product type and the application submission date of the relevant policy, which are referred to as cohorts. The Company s estimate of constrained LTVs is based on an analysis of historical commission payment trends for relevant policies to establish an expected lifetime value and incorporates management s judgment in interpreting those trends to calculate LTVs and to apply constraints to such LTVs. Significant factors impacting historical trends include carrier mix, average policy duration and conversion rates of paying policies. Commission revenue from auto insurance carriers consists of constrained LTVs of commission payments the Company expects to receive for selling an insurance policy based on the effective date of the policy. The Company s estimate of constrained LTVs is based on an analysis of historical commission payment trends for relevant policies to establish an expected lifetime value and incorporates management s judgment in interpreting those trends to calculate LTVs and to apply constraints to such LTVs. The most significant factor impacting historical trends is average policy duration. The Company applies a constraint to its estimated LTVs to only recognize the amount of variable consideration that it believes is probable that it will be entitled to receive and will not be subject to a significant revenue reversal in the future. To the extent that commission payment trends change or the underlying factors impacting commission payments change, the Company s estimate of constrained LTVs could be materially impacted. To the extent the Company makes changes to its estimates of constrained LTVs, it recognizes any material impact of the change to commission revenue in the reporting period in which the change is made, including revisions of estimated lifetime commissions either below or in excess of previously estimated constrained LTVs recognized as an adjustment to revenue and the related contract asset. The Company recognizes revenue for new policies by applying the latest estimated constrained LTV for that product. Disaggregated Revenue The Company presents disaggregated revenue from contracts with customers by distribution channel, as the distribution channel impacts the nature and amount of the Company s revenue, and by vertical market segment. The Company s direct distribution channel consists of insurance carriers and third-party agents. The Company s indirect distribution channel consists of insurance aggregators and media networks who purchase referrals with the intent to resell. Revenue generated via the Company s direct distribution channel is generally higher per referral than revenue generated by the Company s indirect distribution channels and provides the Company with additional insights and data regarding insurance provider demand and referral performance. 

Indirect channels 

Total revenue is comprised of revenue from the following insurance verticals (in thousands): 

Year Ended December 31, 

2022 

2021 

2020 

Automotive 

Other 

Total Revenue 

The Company has elected to apply the practical expedient in ASC 606 to expense incremental direct costs of obtaining a contract, consisting of sales commissions, as incurred as the expected period of benefit of the sales commissions is . At December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company had not capitalized any costs to obtain any of its contracts. Deferred Revenue Amounts received for referrals prior to satisfying the revenue recognition criteria are recorded as deferred revenue in the accompanying balance sheets. Amounts expected to be recognized as revenue within 12 months of the balance sheet date are classified as current deferred revenue. Deferred revenue was million and million as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company recognized revenue of million that was included in the contract liability balance (deferred revenue) at December 31, 2021. The Company recognizes deferred revenue by first allocating from the beginning deferred revenue balance to the extent that the beginning deferred revenue balance exceeds the revenue to be recognized. Billings during the period are added to the deferred revenue balance to be recognized in future periods. 
 impairments recorded during the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 or 2020. While the Company is exposed to credit losses due to the non-payment by insurance carriers, it considers the risk of this to be remote. 

years 

Software 
 
 years 

Furniture and fixtures 
 
 years 

Leasehold improvements 

Upon retirement or sale, the cost of assets disposed of and the related accumulated depreciation and amortization are removed from the accounts and any resulting gain or loss is included in loss from operations on the statements of operations and comprehensive loss. Expenditures for repairs and maintenance are charged to expense as incurred. 
 
 t record any impairment losses on long-lived assets during the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 or 2020. 

. 
 million, million and million, respectively. 

Unvested restricted stock units 

The table above does not include shares issuable upon settlement of contingent consideration for the Company s acquisitions (see Note 3). Such shares are also not included in the Company s calculation of basic or diluted net loss per common share until issued. 
 
 fair value. The amendments in this update are effective for fiscal years, and interim periods within those fiscal years, beginning after December 15, 2022, with early adoption permitted. The amendments in this update are to be applied prospectively to business combinations occurring on or after the effective date. The Company is currently assessing the impact of the adoption of this guidance. In June 2022, the FASB issued ASU No. 2022-03, Fair Value Measurement of Equity Securities Subject to Contractual Sale Restrictions (Topic 820), which clarifies that a contractual restriction on the sale of an equity security is not considered part of the unit of account of the equity security and, therefore, is not considered in measuring fair value. The guidance also clarifies that an entity cannot, as a separate unit of account, recognize and measure a contractual sale restriction. The guidance includes disclosure requirements including the fair value of equity securities subject to contractual sale restrictions included in the balance sheet, the nature and remaining duration of the restriction and circumstances that could cause a lapse in the restriction. The amendments in this update are effective for fiscal years, and interim periods within those fiscal years, beginning after December 15, 2023, with early adoption permitted. The amendments in this update are to be applied prospectively with any adjustments from the adoption of the amendments recognized in earnings and disclosed on the date of adoption. The Company is currently assessing the impact of the adoption of this guidance. 

million reflected a cash payment of million, net of cash acquired, settlement of an outstanding receivable from PolicyFuel of million and contingent consideration of million, representing the estimated fair value as of the acquisition date of Class A common stock issuable to the former owners of PolicyFuel upon achievement of certain revenue targets over the following the acquisition. The former owners of PolicyFuel are eligible to receive shares of Class A common stock upon the achievement (at varying levels) of each of three twelve-month revenue targets. The number of shares that may be issued at maximum performance is based on a total dollar value of million; of which would be calculated at the time of issuance by dividing the applicable dollar value by a volume weighted average price per share for a -day period preceding the acquisition. These shares are referred to as the Fixed Shares and the maximum number of Fixed Shares that may be issued is . The fair value of such shares to be recorded upon issuance will be based on the number of shares issued multiplied by the market value of the Company s Class A common stock on the date of issuance. The remaining , or million at maximum performance, may be issued as shares of Class A common stock calculated by dividing the applicable dollar value earned by the volume weighted average price per share for a -day period preceding each revenue target determination date. These shares are referred to as the Fixed Dollar Shares and there is no maximum to the number of shares that may be issued as Fixed Dollar Shares. The fair value of such shares to be recorded upon issuance will be based on the number of shares issued multiplied by the market value of the Company s Class A common stock on the date of issuance. The Fixed Shares described above include performance-based restricted stock units issued as an Inducement Award and the Fixed Dollar Shares described above include million of performance-based restricted stock units issued as an Inducement Award (see Note 8). As achievement of each of the three twelve-month targets results in the issuance of a variable number of shares of Class A common stock, the Company recorded a liability for the fair value of this contingent consideration. The Company estimated the fair value of the contingent consideration liability as of the acquisition date using a Monte Carlo simulation model. The most significant assumptions and estimates utilized in the model include forecasted revenue (an acquisition specific input) and the market value of the Company s Class A common stock (an observable input). Other assumptions utilized in the model include equity volatility, revenue volatility and discount rate. The Company remeasures the fair value of the contingent consideration at each subsequent reporting date until the liability is fully settled (see Note 4). 

Fair value of contingent consideration to be settled in stock 

Settlement of existing relationship 

Total purchase price consideration, net of cash acquired 

Assets Acquired and Liabilities Assumed: 

Accounts receivable 

Commissions receivable (current and long-term) 

Prepaid expenses and other current assets 

Customer relationships 

Developed technology 

Other identifiable intangible assets 

Goodwill 

Total assets acquired 

Accounts payable and accrued expenses (current) 

() 

Deferred tax liability 

() 

Total allocation of purchase price consideration, net of cash acquired 

Customer relationships were valued using the income approach and are being amortized to sales and marketing expense over their estimated useful life of . Significant assumptions and estimates utilized in the model include revenue and earnings growth rates, royalty rates and the discount rate. Developed technology was valued using the relief from royalty method and is being amortized to cost of revenue over its estimated useful life of . Significant assumptions and estimates utilized in this model include the royalty rate, the discount rate and the obsolescence curve. Commissions receivable were recorded at constrained LTVs and are included in prepaid expenses and other current assets and other assets on the Company s consolidated balance sheets. Goodwill was recognized for the excess purchase price over the fair value of the net assets acquired. Goodwill is primarily attributable to the workforce of the acquired business (which is not eligible for separate recognition as an identifiable intangible asset) and future growth. Goodwill resulting from the acquisition of PolicyFuel is not deductible for tax purposes. The Company incurred costs of million for the year ended December 31, 2021, for third-party professional services utilized for the acquisition, which were expensed as incurred within acquisition-related costs on the Company s consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive loss. The operating results of the acquired entity have been included in the consolidated financial statements beginning on the acquisition date but have not been disclosed as the Company does not account for the results of the acquired entity separate from its own results. Pro forma results of operations for the acquisition have not been presented as they are not material to the Company s consolidated results of operations. The Company recorded an income tax benefit for the year ended December 31, 2021 of million related to the release of a portion of its valuation allowance as a result of the acquisition of PolicyFuel. The net deferred tax liability recorded for the PolicyFuel acquisition relates to the intangible assets recognized in purchase accounting, which are non-deductible for tax purposes and result in a deferred tax liability. The net deferred tax liability is a source of income to support the recognition of a portion of the Company s existing deferred tax assets. Therefore, the Company recorded a tax benefit for the release of a portion of its valuation allowance related to the net deferred tax liability recorded in purchase accounting. Eversurance On September 1, 2020, the Company completed the acquisition of Crosspointe Insurance Financial Services, LLC, a health insurance agency headquartered in Evansville, Indiana. In the third quarter 2021, the Company changed the name of Crosspointe Insurance Financial Services, LLC to Eversurance, LLC Eversurance ). Eversurance was a sales and decision support contact center connecting consumers to high quality health insurance in a customer-centric environment serving the individual and family health, Medicare, and ancillary health product markets. This acquisition enabled the Company to accelerate and expand its opportunity in the health insurance market, by providing insurance shoppers with a broader range of health insurance products through access to a greater number of carrier partners, and an improved and more personalized customer buying experience. The Eversurance acquisition was accounted for as a purchase of a business under ASC Topic 805, Business Combinations. Under the acquisition method of accounting, the assets and liabilities of Eversurance were recorded as of the acquisition date, at their respective fair values. The purchase consideration of million reflected a cash payment of million and contingent consideration of million representing the fair value of Class A common stock issuable to the former owners of Eversurance upon achievement of certain revenue targets over . The former owners of Eversurance were eligible to receive up to shares of Class A common stock upon achievement of certain revenue targets. These revenue targets are measured in annual intervals. Shares of Class A common stock issuable upon achievement of the first two annual targets were for a fixed number of shares of Class A common stock of shares and, as such, the Company recorded the fair value of these shares within stockholders equity based on the number of shares issuable and the market value of Class A common stock on the acquisition date. Achievement of the third annual target results in the issuance of a variable number of shares of Class A common stock of up to shares and, as such, the Company recorded a liability for the fair value of this contingent consideration. The Company estimated the fair value of the shares of Class A common stock issuable upon achievement of the three annual targets as of the acquisition date. The Company used a Monte Carlo simulation model in its estimates. Significant assumptions and estimates utilized in the model included forecasted revenue, revenue volatility and discount rate. The Company remeasured the fair value of the shares of Class A common stock issuable upon the estimated achievement levels of the third annual target at each subsequent reporting date until the liability was fully settled in the fourth quarter of 2022 (see Note 4). 

Fair value of contingent consideration to be settled in stock 

Total purchase price consideration 

Assets Acquired and Liabilities Assumed: 

Commissions receivable (current and long-term) 

Customer relationships 

Other identifiable intangible assets 

Operating lease right-of-use assets 

Goodwill 

Total assets acquired 

Accounts payable and accrued expenses (current and long-term) 

() 

Operating lease liabilities 

() 

Total allocation of purchase price consideration 

Customer relationships were valued using the income approach and are being amortized to sales and marketing expense over their estimated useful life of . Significant assumptions and estimates utilized in the model include the customer attrition rate and discount rate. Commissions receivable were recorded at constrained LTVs and are included in prepaid expenses and other current assets and other assets on the Company s consolidated balance sheet. Goodwill was recognized for the excess purchase price over the fair value of the net assets acquired. Goodwill is primarily attributable to the workforce of the acquired business (which is not eligible for separate recognition as an identifiable intangible asset) and future growth. Goodwill resulting from the acquisition of Eversurance is deductible for tax purposes. The Company incurred costs of million for third-party professional services utilized for the acquisition, which were expensed as incurred within acquisition-related costs on the Company s consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive loss in 2020. The operating results of the acquired entity have been included in the consolidated financial statements beginning on the acquisition date but have not been disclosed as the Company does not account for the results of the acquired entity separate from its own results. Pro forma results of operations for the acquisition have not been presented as they are not material to the Company s consolidated results of operations. 

67 
 
 Table of Contents 

Liabilities: 

Contingent consideration liability associated with acquisition of PolicyFuel included in accrued expense and other current liabilities 

Contingent consideration liability associated with acquisition of PolicyFuel included in other long-term liabilities 

Fair Value Measurements at December 31, 2021 Using: 

Level 1 

Level 2 

Level 3 

Total 

Assets: 

Cash equivalents: 

Money market funds 

Liabilities: 

Contingent consideration liability associated with acquisition of Eversurance included in other long-term liabilities 

Contingent consideration liability associated with acquisition of PolicyFuel included in accrued expense and other current liabilities 

Contingent consideration liability associated with acquisition of PolicyFuel included in other long-term liabilities 

There were transfers into or out of Level 3 during the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 or 2020. Money market funds were valued by the Company based on quoted market prices, which represent a Level 1 measurement within the fair value hierarchy. Contingent consideration liabilities are valued by the Company using significant inputs not observable in the market, which represents a Level 3 measurement within the fair value hierarchy. The valuation of contingent consideration uses assumptions and estimates to forecast a range of outcomes for the contingent consideration. The Company assesses these assumptions and estimates on a quarterly basis as additional data impacting the assumptions is obtained. Changes in the fair value of contingent consideration related to updated assumptions and estimates are recognized as acquisition-related costs within the consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive loss. The Company estimated the fair value of the maximum shares of Class A common stock issuable as contingent consideration upon achievement of certain Eversurance revenue targets (see Note 3) using probability of achievement of the revenue target (acquisition specific input) and the market value of the Company s Class A common stock (observable input). The decrease in fair value of the contingent consideration liability for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 was due to the decrease in the market value of the Company s Class A common stock during the periods. The increase in fair value of the contingent consideration liability for the year ended December 31, 2020 was due primarily to a change in estimate of forecasted revenue. Shares of Class A common stock were issued in December 2022 to settle the third and final milestone at which time the fair value of the contingent consideration liability was reclassified to stockholders' equity. The Company uses a Monte Carlo simulation model in its estimates of the fair value of the contingent consideration liabilities related to the PolicyFuel acquisition. The most significant assumptions and estimates utilized in the model include forecasted revenue (an acquisition specific input) and the market value of the Company s Class A common stock (an observable input). Other assumptions utilized in the model include equity volatility, revenue volatility and discount rate. The decrease in fair value of contingent consideration related to the Class A common stock issuable upon achievement of revenue targets during the year ended December 31, 2022 was primarily due to a change in estimate of forecasted revenue and the decrease in market value of the Company s Class A common stock. The increase in fair value of contingent consideration related to the Class A common stock issuable upon achievement of revenue targets for the year ended December 31, 2021 was primarily due to a change in estimate of forecasted revenue, partially offset by the decrease in the market value of the Company s Class A common stock during the year. In December 2022, the Company issued shares of Class A common stock in settlement of the first annual milestone, at which time the fair value of the contingent consideration liability for the first milestone was reclassified to stockholders' equity. 

Acquisition of Eversurance 

Change in fair value of contingent consideration related to Eversurance acquisition 

Fair value at December 31, 2020 

Acquisition of PolicyFuel 

Change in fair value of contingent consideration related to Eversurance acquisition 

() 

Change in fair value of contingent consideration related to PolicyFuel acquisition 

Fair value at December 31, 2021 

Change in fair value of contingent consideration related to Eversurance acquisition 

() 

Contingent consideration related to Eversurance acquisition settled in Class A common stock 

() 

Change in fair value of contingent consideration related to PolicyFuel acquisition 

() 

Contingent consideration related to PolicyFuel acquisition settled in Class A common stock 

() 

Fair value at December 31, 2022 

reporting unit for purposes of performing its goodwill impairment analysis. To date, the Company has had impairments to goodwill. 

Final adjustment to Eversurance purchase price allocation 

Goodwill resulting from PolicyFuel acquisition 

Balance December 31, 2021 and 2022 

() 

Developed technology 

() 

Other identifiable intangible assets 

() 

() 

December 31, 2021 

Weighted Average Useful Life 

Gross Amount 

Accumulated Amortization 

Carrying Value 

(in years) 

Customer relationships 

() 

Developed technology 

() 

Other identifiable intangible assets 

() 

() 

Amortization expense for intangible assets for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 was million, million and million, respectively. 

2024 

2025 

2026 

2027 

Software 

Furniture and fixtures 

Leasehold improvements 

Less: Accumulated depreciation and amortization 

() 

() 

million, million and million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. The Company capitalized costs associated with the development of internal use software of million, million and million included in the Software line item above and recorded related amortization expense of million, million and million (included in depreciation and amortization expense) during the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. The remaining net book value of capitalized software costs was million and million as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

Accrued advertising expenses 

Other current liabilities 

70 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 million to million, to extend the maturity date of the revolving line of credit from to and to provide the Company access to a term loan of up to million. The 2020 Loan Agreement, as amended by the Loan and Security Modification Agreement, is referred to as the Amended Loan Agreement. Pursuant to the Amended Loan Agreement, borrowings under the revolving line of credit cannot exceed of eligible accounts receivable balances, or the prime rate as published in the Wall Street Journal and mature on . The term loan may be drawn through December 31, 2023 and borrowings plus the greater of or the prime rate as published in the Wall Street Journal. Borrowings under the term loan of the Amended Loan Agreement are repayable in monthly interest-only payments through December 31, 2023. Commencing on January 1, 2024, of the then outstanding principal and accrued interest through June 2027. The Company may prepay all, but not less than all, of any outstanding principal with respect to advances made under the term loan provided that such outstanding principal is paid in full along with any accrued but unpaid interest to date plus any fees that become payable under the Amended Loan Agreement. In an event of default, as defined in the Amended Loan Agreement, and until such event is no longer continuing, the annual interest rate to be charged would be the annual rate otherwise applicable to borrowings under the Amended Loan Agreement plus . Borrowings are collateralized by substantially all of the Company s assets and property. Under the Amended Loan Agreement, As of December 31, 2022, the Company was in compliance with these covenants. As of December 31, 2022, the Company had amounts outstanding under the revolving line of credit. 

 on all matters submitted to a vote of the Company s stockholders at all meetings of stockholders and written actions in lieu of meetings. Each share of on all matters submitted to a vote of the Company s stockholders at all meetings of stockholders and written actions in lieu of meetings. Holders of both classes of common stock are entitled to receive dividends, when and if declared by the board of directors. During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company issued shares of Class A common stock to the former owners of Eversurance upon achievement of the third and final target of the contingent consideration arrangement. During the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company issued shares of Class A common stock to the former owners of Eversurance upon achievement of the first two targets of the contingent consideration arrangement (see Note 3). During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company issued shares of Class A common stock to the former owners of PolicyFuel upon achievement of the first target of the contingent consideration arrangement (see Note 3). During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company sold shares of Class A common stock at a purchase price of per share for gross proceeds of million in a private placement to a related party (see Note 15). 

 71 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 shares of Class A common stock, plus the number of shares (up to shares) equal to the sum of (i) the shares of Class A common stock and Class B common stock that were available for grant under the 2008 Plan upon the effectiveness of the 2018 Plan and (ii) the number of shares of Class A common stock and Class B common stock subject to outstanding awards under the 2008 Plan that expire, terminate or are otherwise surrendered, canceled, forfeited or repurchased by the Company at their original issuance price pursuant to a contractual repurchase right (subject, in the case of incentive stock options, to any limitations of the Internal Revenue Code). The number of shares of Class A common stock that may be issued under the 2018 Plan will automatically increase on the first day of each fiscal year until, and including, the fiscal year ending December 31, 2028, equal to the least of (i) shares of Class A common stock; (ii) of the sum of the number of shares of Class A common stock and Class B common stock outstanding on the first day of such fiscal year; and (iii) an amount determined by the Company s board of directors. The shares of common stock underlying any awards that are forfeited, canceled, held back upon exercise or settlement of an award to satisfy the exercise price or tax withholding, repurchased or are otherwise terminated by the Company under the 2018 Plan will be added back to the shares of common stock available for issuance under the 2018 Plan. As of December 31, 2022, shares remained available for future grant under the 2018 Plan. The number of authorized shares reserved for issuance under the 2018 Plan was increased by shares effective as of January 1, 2023 in accordance with the provisions of the 2018 Plan described above. Options and restricted stock units RSUs granted under the Plans vest over periods determined by the board of directors. Options granted under the Plans expire no longer than from the date of the grant. The exercise price for stock options granted is not less than the fair value of common shares based on quoted market prices. Certain of the Company s RSUs are net settled by withholding shares of the Company s Class A common stock to cover statutory income taxes. Stock Option Valuation The fair value of stock option grants with service-based or performance-based vesting conditions is estimated on the date of grant using the Black-Scholes option-pricing model. The volatility has been determined using the Company s traded stock price to estimate expected volatility. The expected term of the Company s stock options has been determined utilizing the simplified method for awards that qualify as plain-vanilla options. The risk-free interest rate is determined by reference to the U.S. Treasury yield curve in effect at the time of grant of the award for time periods approximately equal to the expected term of the award. Expected dividend yield is based on the fact that the Company has never paid cash dividends and does not expect to pay any cash dividends in the foreseeable future. 

Expected volatility 

Expected dividend yield 

Expected term (in years) 

The grant date fair value of stock options granted during the year ended December 31, 2022 was per share. The Company did t grant stock options in the year ended December 31, 2021. During the year ended December 31, 2020, the Company granted options with service-based, market-based and performance-based vesting conditions. The fair value of these grants was estimated on the date of grant using a Monte Carlo simulation model. Stock-based compensation expense is recognized over the service period when the achievement of the performance-based vesting conditions is probable regardless of whether the market condition is achieved. The aggregate grant date fair value of these options was million. As the Company has deemed achievement of the performance condition to be probable, the Company is recognizing stock-based compensation for these awards over the estimated service period using the graded-vesting method. Stock Option Activity 

Granted 

Exercised 

() 

Forfeited 

() 

Outstanding as of December 31, 2022 

Vested and expected to vest as of December 31, 2022 

Options exercisable as of December 31, 2022 

As of December 31, 2022, outstanding options of were for the purchase of Class A common stock and outstanding options of were for the purchase of either Class A common stock or Class B common stock. The aggregate intrinsic value of stock options is calculated as the difference between the exercise price of the stock options and the fair value of the Company s common stock for those stock options that had strike prices lower than the fair value of the Company s common stock. The aggregate intrinsic value of options exercised during the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 was million, million and million, respectively. Restricted Stock Units The Company has granted RSUs with service-based vesting conditions and with both service-based and performance-based vesting conditions. RSUs with service-based and both service-based and performance-based vesting conditions are valued on the grant date using the grant date market price of the underlying shares. 

Granted 

Vested 

() 

Forfeited 

() 

Unvested balance December 31, 2022 

Inducement Awards In connection with the acquisition of PolicyFuel, the Company granted RSUs to newly hired employees. The RSUs were approved by the Company s board of directors and were granted as an inducement material to the new employees entering into employment with the Company in accordance with Nasdaq Rule 5635(c)(4) (the Inducement Awards ). The Inducement Awards were granted outside of the 2018 Plan. During the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company granted service-based RSUs as Inducement Awards with an aggregate grant date fair value of million. During the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company granted service- and performance-based RSUs as Inducement Awards with an aggregate grant date fair value of million. During the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company granted service- and performance-based RSUs as Inducement Awards that will vest for a variable number of shares of the Company s Class A common stock upon the achievement (at varying levels) of certain revenue targets measured at twelve-month intervals over . The number of shares to be issued upon achievement of each of the revenue targets will be based on a fixed dollar value divided by the volume weighted average price per share of the Company s Class A common stock for a -day period preceding each revenue achievement determination date. The number of shares of Class A common stock that may be issued in settlement of such awards is capped at , with any remainder being settleable in cash or unregistered shares solely at the Company s option. Because a variable number of shares will be issued for a fixed dollar amount, the Company has accounted for the obligation to issue such shares as a liability. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the balance of the liability included in accrued expenses and other current liabilities was and million, respectively. During the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company granted performance-based RSUs as Inducement Awards with no service requirement as PolicyFuel contingent consideration. The fair value of this issuance has been included in the fair value of contingent consideration (see Notes 3 and 4). During the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company granted performance-based RSUs as Inducement Awards as PolicyFuel contingent consideration that will vest for a variable number of shares of the Company s Class A common stock upon the achievement (at varying levels) of certain revenue targets measured at twelve-month intervals over the next , but which have no service conditions. The number of shares to be issued upon achievement of each of the revenue targets is based on a fixed dollar amount divided by the volume weighted average price per share of the Company s Class A common stock for a -day period preceding each revenue target determination date. The maximum number of shares of Class A common stock that may be issued as Inducement Awards in settlement of the contingent consideration obligation is capped at , with any remainder being settleable in cash or unregistered shares solely at the Company s option. The fair value of such awards has been included in the fair value of contingent consideration (see Notes 3 and 4). Stock-Based Compensation 

Sales and marketing 

Research and development 

General and administrative 

As of December 31, 2022, unrecognized compensation expense for RSUs and option awards was million, which is expected to be recognized over a weighted average period of years. 

 t recorded income tax benefits for net operating losses incurred or research and development tax credits generated, as the Company believed, based upon the weight of available evidence, that it is more likely than not that its net operating loss and tax credit carryforwards will not be realized. The Company s foreign operations have not been significant and therefore, the Company has t provided for foreign taxes. During the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company released million of its valuation allowance related to the net deferred tax liability recorded as a result of the PolicyFuel acquisition. The Company maintains a valuation allowance on its overall net deferred tax asset as it is deemed more likely than not the net deferred tax asset will not be realized. 

State taxes, net of federal benefit 

Federal and state research and development tax credits 

Nondeductible items 

() 

() 

Stock-based compensation 

() 

Deferred taxes on acquisition 

Other 

Change in valuation allowance 

() 

() 

() 

Effective income tax rate 

Research and development tax credit carryforwards 

Accrued expenses and other current liabilities 

Capitalized research and development 

Property and equipment 

Stock-based compensation 

Operating lease liability 

Other 

Total deferred tax assets 

Valuation allowance 

() 

() 

Net deferred tax assets 

Deferred tax liabilities: 

Capitalized software development costs 

() 

() 

Operating lease right-of-use assets 

() 

() 

Intangible assets 

() 

() 

Other 

() 

Total deferred tax liabilities 

() 

() 

Net deferred tax assets and liabilities 

As of December 31, 2022, the Company had federal net operating loss carryforwards of million to offset future taxable income, which do not expire but are limited in their usage to an annual deduction equal to of annual taxable income. As of December 31, 2022, the Company had state net operating loss carryforwards of million, which may be available to offset future taxable income and expire at various dates beginning in . As of December 31, 2022, the Company also had federal and state research and development tax credit carryforwards of million and million, respectively, which may be available to reduce future tax liabilities and expire at various dates beginning in and , respectively. Utilization of the U.S. federal and state net operating loss carryforwards and research and development tax credit carryforwards may be subject to a substantial annual limitation under Section 382 and Section 383 of the Internal Revenue Code IRC of 1986, and corresponding provisions of state law, due to ownership changes that have occurred previously or that could occur in the future. In general, an ownership change, as defined by Section 382, results from transactions increasing the ownership of certain stockholders or public groups in the stock of a corporation by more than 50 over a three-year period. In 2019, the Company performed an analysis of the ownership changes as defined within IRC Section 382(g) during the period beginning with the first issuance of the Company s stock on August 8, 2008 through June 30, 2019. It was determined that it is more likely than not that the Company did not undergo an ownership change within the meaning of IRC Section 382(g) during the analysis period. Therefore, net operating losses for that period are not limited and are available to cover future taxable income. The Company has not conducted a study to assess whether a change of control has occurred or whether there have been multiple changes of control since June 30, 2019 due to the significant complexity and cost associated with such a study. If the Company has experienced a change of control, as defined by Section 382, at any time since June 30, 2019, utilization of the net operating loss carryforwards or research and development tax credit carryforwards generated after June 30, 2019 may be subject to an annual limitation, which would be determined by first multiplying the value of the Company s stock at the time of the ownership change by the applicable long-term tax-exempt rate, and then could be subject to additional adjustments, as required. Any limitation may result in expiration of a portion of such net operating loss carryforwards or research and development tax credit carryforwards before utilization. The Company has evaluated the positive and negative evidence bearing upon its ability to realize the deferred tax assets, which are comprised primarily of net operating loss carryforwards and research and development tax credit carryforwards. Management has considered the Company s history of cumulative net losses incurred since inception and estimated future taxable income and has concluded that it is more likely than not that the Company will not realize the benefits of federal and state deferred tax assets. Accordingly, a full valuation allowance has been established against the net deferred tax assets as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. The Company reevaluates the positive and negative evidence at each reporting period. The increase in the valuation allowance for deferred tax assets during the year ended December 31, 2022 related primarily to capitalized research and development costs due to the new requirement to capitalize research and development costs under IRC Section 174, partially offset by a decrease in net operating loss carryforwards that were used to offset taxable income. The Company generated taxable income for the year ended December 31, 2022 due to the requirement to capitalize research and development costs. The increases in the valuation allowance for deferred tax assets during the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020 related primarily to an increase in net operating loss carryforwards and research and development tax credit carryforwards and stock-based compensation expense. 

Decreases recorded to accumulated deficit 

() 

Decreases recorded as a benefit to income tax provision 

() 

Increases recorded to tax provision 

Valuation allowance as of end of year 

The Company assesses the uncertainty in its income tax positions to determine whether a tax position of the Company is more likely than not to be sustained upon examination, including resolution of any related appeals of litigation processes, based on the technical merits of the position. For tax positions meeting the more-likely-than-not threshold, the tax amount recognized in the consolidated financial statements is reduced by the largest benefit that has a greater than fifty percent likelihood of being realized upon the ultimate settlement with the relevant taxing authority. reserve for uncertain tax positions or related interest and penalties has been recorded at December 31, 2022 and 2021. The Company files tax returns as prescribed by the tax laws of the jurisdictions in which it operates. In the normal course of business, the Company is subject to examination by federal and state jurisdictions, where applicable. There are currently no pending tax examinations. The Company is open to future tax examination under statute from to the present, however, carryforward attributes that were generated prior to January 1, 2019 may still be adjusted upon examination by federal, state or local tax authorities if they either have been or will be used in a future period. 

 . In connection with the acquisition of Eversurance, the Company acquired a non-cancelable operating lease in Evansville, Indiana that expires in . The Company also leases office space in various locations under non-cancelable operating leases that expire at various dates through April 2025. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company maintained security deposits of million with the landlords of its leases, which amounts are included in other assets on the Company s consolidated balance sheet. 

Short-term lease cost 

Variable lease cost 

Operating lease liabilities arising from obtaining right-of-use assets 

Weighted-average discount rate - operating leases 

Because the interest rate implicit in the lease was not readily determinable, the Company's incremental borrowing rate was used to calculate the present value of the leases. In determining its incremental borrowing rate, the Company considered its credit quality and assessed interest rates available in the market for similar borrowings, adjusted for the impact of collateral over the term of the lease. 

2024 

2025 

2026 

2027 

Thereafter 

Total future minimum lease payments 

Less: imputed interest 

() 

Total operating lease liabilities 

Operating lease liabilities, net of current portion 

Total operating lease liabilities 

Legal Proceedings and Other Contingencies The Company was contacted by a representative from a state tax assessor s office requesting remittance of uncollected sales taxes. The state tax assessor s office has completed its audit for the period under review with no taxes due. The Company is from time to time subject to various other legal proceedings and claims, either asserted or unasserted, which arise in the ordinary course of its business. While the outcome of these other claims cannot be predicted with certainty, management does not believe that the outcome of any of these other legal matters will have a material adverse effect on the Company s consolidated results of operations or financial condition. 

 million, million and million during the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 

 million, million and million, respectively, related to these arrangements. During the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, the Company paid million, million and million, respectively, related to these arrangements. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, amounts due to related-party affiliates totaled million and million, respectively, which were included in accounts payable and accrued expenses on the balance sheets. On February 23, 2022, the Company sold shares of Class A common stock at a purchase price of per share for gross proceeds of million in a private placement to Recognition Capital, LLC, an entity which is owned and controlled by David Blundin, Chairman of the board of directors and co-founder of the Company. 

 78 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 ITEM 9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENT S WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE 
 None. 
 ITEM 9A. CO NTROLS AND PROCEDURES 
 Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
 Our management, with the participation of our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer (our principal executive officer and principal financial officer, respectively), evaluated the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures as of December 31, 2022. The term disclosure controls and procedures, as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act, means controls and other procedures of a company that are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by a company in the reports that it files or submits under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported, within the time periods specified in the Securities and Exchange Commission s rules and forms. Disclosure controls and procedures include, without limitation, controls and procedures designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by a company in the reports that it files or submits under the Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated to the company s management, including its principal executive and principal financial officers, or persons performing similar functions, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 
 Management recognizes that any controls and procedures, no matter how well designed and operated, can provide only reasonable assurance of achieving their objectives and our management necessarily applies its judgment in evaluating the cost-benefit relationship of possible controls and procedures. Based on the evaluation of our disclosure controls and procedures as of December 31, 2022, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded that, as of such date, our disclosure controls and procedures are effective at the reasonable assurance level. 
 Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 Management s Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 Our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting as defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) under the Exchange Act. Our internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. 
 Our management has assessed the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022. In making this assessment, management used the criteria described in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO) . Based on this assessment, our management has concluded that as of December 31, 2022, our internal control over financial reporting is effective, based on the specified criteria. 
 The effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022 has been audited by PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP, an independent registered public accounting firm, as stated in their report which is included herein. 
 
 Remediation of Previously Reported Material Weaknesses 
 We previously identified material weaknesses in our internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2021 and 2020, due to deficiencies in control over certain information technology (IT) general controls for revenue-related systems that are relevant to the preparation of our financial statements. We updated our internal controls to remediate our control deficiencies by designing and implementing controls during the three months ended September 30, 2022 to mitigate the risks previously not addressed in our control environment. These remediation measures included designing and implementing controls over the provisioning and monitoring of user access rights and privileges, program change management, and completeness and accuracy of data utilized in revenue calculations. We completed our testing and evaluation of our internal control over financial reporting for the year ended December 31, 2022 and determined that as of December 31, 2022, our internal control over financial reporting was designed and operating effectively for a sufficient period for management to conclude that the material weaknesses have been remediated. 
 Changes in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 No changes in our internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) under the Exchange Act) occurred during the three months ended December 31, 2022 that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 
 79 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 ITEM 9B. OTHER INFORMA TION 
 None. 
 ITEM 9C. DISCLOSURE REGARDING FOREIGN J URISDICTIONS THAT PREVENT INSPECTIONS 
 Not applicable. 
 
 P ART III 
 ITEM 10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE O FFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 
 The information required by this Item 10 will be included in our definitive proxy statement to be filed with the SEC with respect to our 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders and is incorporated herein by reference. 
 Our board of directors has adopted a Code of Business Conduct and Ethics applicable to all officers, directors and employees, including our principal executive officer, principal financial officer, principal accounting officer or controller, or persons performing similar functions. A copy of the code is available at the Investors section of our website, located at investors.everquote.com, under Corporate Governance Governance Documents. We intend to make all required disclosures regarding any amendments to, or waivers from, any provisions of the code at the same location of our website. 
 ITEM 11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 
 The information required by this Item 11 will be included under the headings Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance Compensation Committee Interlocks and Insider Participation , Executive Compensation and Director Compensation in our definitive proxy statement to be filed with the SEC with respect to our 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders and is incorporated herein by reference. 
 ITEM 12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CER TAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS 
 The information required by this Item 12 will be included in our definitive proxy statement to be filed with the SEC with respect to our 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders and is incorporated herein by reference. 
 ITEM 13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND R ELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 
 The information required by this Item 13 will be included in our definitive proxy statement to be filed with the SEC with respect to our 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders and is incorporated herein by reference. 
 ITEM 14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTIN G FEES AND SERVICES 
 The information required by this Item 14 will be included in our definitive proxy statement to be filed with the SEC with respect to our 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders and is incorporated herein by reference. 
 
 80 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 PART IV 
 ITEM 15. EXHIBITS, FINANCIAL S TATEMENT SCHEDULES 
 (a) 1. Financial Statements 
 For a list of the financial statements included herein, see Index to Consolidated Financial Statements in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, incorporated into this Item by reference. 
 2. Financial Statement Schedules 

Financial statement schedules have been omitted because they are either not required or not applicable or the information is included in the consolidated financial statements or the notes thereto. 
 3. Exhibits 

See the Exhibit Index in Item 15(b) below. 
 (b) Exhibi t Index. 

Exhibit Number 
 Description 

3.1 
 Restated Certificate of Incorporation of the Registrant (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 001-38549) filed with the SEC on July 2, 2018) 

3.2 
 Amended and Restated Bylaws of the Registrant (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.2 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 001-38549) filed with the SEC on July 2, 2018) 

4.1 
 Specimen stock certificate evidencing shares of Class A common stock of the Registrant (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Registrant s Registration Statement on Form S-1 (File No. 333-225379) filed with the SEC on June 18, 2018) 

4.2 
 Description of Securities of the Registrant (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to the Registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-K (File No. 001-38549) filed with the SEC on February 25, 2022) 

9.1 
 Voting Agreement, dated February 8, 2018, by and among certain stockholders of the Registrant (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 9.1 to the Registrant s Registration Statement on Form S-1 (File No. 333-225379) filed with the SEC on June 1, 2018) 

10.1 
 Amended and Restated Investors Rights Agreement, dated as of June 30, 2016, by and among the Registrant and the other parties thereto (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant s Registration Statement on Form S-1 (File No. 333-225379) filed with the SEC on June 1, 2018) 

10.2# 
 Form of Indemnification Agreement between the Registrant and each of its directors and executive officers (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Registrant s Registration Statement on Form S-1 (File No. 333-225379) filed with the SEC on June 1, 2018) 

10.3# 
 Amended and Restated 2008 Stock Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Registrant s Registration Statement on Form S-1 (File No. 333-225379) filed with the SEC on June 1, 2018) 

10.4# 
 Form of Incentive Stock Option Agreement under 2008 Stock Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to the Registrant s Registration Statement on Form S-1 (File No. 333-225379) filed with the SEC on June 1, 2018) 

10.5# 
 Form of Non-Qualified Stock Option Agreement under 2008 Stock Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 to the Registrant s Registration Statement on Form S-1 (File No. 333-225379) filed with the SEC on June 1, 2018) 

10.6# 
 Form of Restricted Stock Unit Issuance Agreement under 2008 Stock Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.6 to the Registrant s Registration Statement on Form S-1 (File No. 333-225379) filed with the SEC on June 1, 2018) 

10.7# 
 2018 Equity Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.7 to the Registrant s Registration Statement on Form S-1 (File No. 333-225379) filed with the SEC on June 27, 2018) 

10.8# 
 Form of Stock Option Agreement under 2018 Equity Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.8 to the Registrant s Registration Statement on Form S-1 (File No. 333-225379) filed with the SEC on June 18, 2018) 

10.9# 
 Form of Restricted Stock Unit Agreement under 2018 Equity Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.9 to the Registrant s Registration Statement on Form S-1 (File No. 333-225379) filed with the SEC on June 18, 2018) 

81 
 
 Table of Contents 

Exhibit Number 
 Description 

10.10 
 Lease, dated as of July 24, 2013, as amended by the First, Second, Third, Fourth, Fifth and Sixth Amendments thereto, by and between BMR-Broadway LLC and the Registrant (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.10 to the Registrant s Registration Statement on Form S-1 (File No. 333-225379) filed with the SEC on June 1, 2018) 

10.11 
 Amended and Restated Loan and Security Agreement, dated August 7, 2020, by and between Western Alliance Bank and the Registrant (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q (File No. 001-38549) filed with the SEC on November 6, 2020) 

10.12 
 Loan and Security Modification Agreement, dated July 15, 2022, by and between Western Alliance Bank and the Registrant (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 001-38549) filed with the SEC on July 19, 2022) 

10.13# 
 Offer Letter, dated as of July 31, 2017, by and between the Registrant and Jayme Mendal (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.13 to the Registrant s Registration Statement on Form S-1 (File No. 333-225379) filed with the SEC on June 1, 2018) 

10.14# 
 Employment Agreement, dated March 17, 2014, by and between the Registrant and John Wagner (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.14 to the Registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-K (File No. 001-38549) filed with the SEC on March 13, 2020) 

10.15# 
 Offer Letter, dated as of November 4, 2019, by and between the Registrant and David Brainard 

10.16 
 Seventh Amendment to Lease, dated as of September 26, 2018, by and between the Registrant and BMR-Broadway LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 99.1 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 001-38549) filed with the SEC on October 1, 2018) 

10.17# 
 Form of Performance-Based Stock Option Agreement under 2018 Equity Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q (File No. 001-38549) filed with the SEC on May 8, 2020) 

10.18# 
 Form of Restricted Stock Unit Agreement under 2018 Equity Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 99.1 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 001-38549) filed with the SEC on February 15, 2022) 

10.19 
 Securities Purchase Agreement, dated February 22, 2022, by and between EverQuote, Inc. and Recognition Capital, LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 99.1 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 001-38549) filed with the SEC on February 23, 2022) 

21.1 
 Subsidiaries of the Registrant 

23.1 
 Consent of PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP, independent registered public accounting firm 

31.1 
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer of the Registrant Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

31.2 
 Certification of Chief Financial Officer of the Registrant Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

32.1 
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer of the Registrant Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

32.2 
 Certification of Chief Financial Officer of the Registrant Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

101.INS 
 Inline XBRL Instance Document - the instance document does not appear in the Interactive Data File because its XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document 

101.SCH 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 

101.CAL 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 

101.LAB 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Labels Linkbase Document 

101.PRE 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 

101.DEF 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document 

104 
 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101) 

82 
 
 Table of Contents 

# Indicates management contract or compensation plan. 
 
 The certifications attached as Exhibits 32.1 and 32.2 that accompany this Annual Report on Form 10-K, are not deemed filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission and are not to be incorporated by reference into any filing of EverQuote, Inc. under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, whether made before or after the date of this Annual Report on Form 10-K, irrespective of any general incorporation language contained in such filing. 
 ITEM 16. FORM 10- K SUMMARY 
 None. 
 83 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 SIGNA TURES 
 Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

February 27, 2023 
 
 EVERQUOTE, INC. 

By: 
 /s/ Jayme Mendal 

Jayme Mendal 

Chief Executive Officer and President 

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, this Report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the Registrant in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 

Signature 
 Title 
 Date 

/s/ Jayme Mendal Jayme Mendal 
 Chief Executive Officer and President and Director (Principal Executive Officer) 
 February 27, 2023 

/s/ John Wagner John Wagner 
 Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 
 February 27, 2023 

/s/ David Blundin David Blundin 
 Chairman of the Board of Directors 
 February 27, 2023 

/s/ Darryl Auguste Darryl Auguste 
 Director 
 February 27, 2023 

/s/ Sanju Bansal Sanju Bansal 
 Director 
 February 27, 2023 

/s/ Paul Deninger Paul Deninger 
 Director 
 February 27, 2023 

/s/ John Lunny John Lunny 
 Director 
 February 27, 2023 

/s/ George Neble George Neble 
 Director 
 February 27, 2023 

/s/ John Shields John Shields 
 Director 
 February 27, 2023 

/s/ Mira Wilczek Mira Wilczek 
 Director 
 February 27, 2023 

84 

<EX-10>
 2
 ever-ex10_15.htm
 EX-10.15

EX-10 

Exhibit 10.15 
 
 	 210 Broadway, Suite 401 Cambridge, MA 02139 
 855-522-3444 
 November 4, 2019 
 
 David Brainard 
 [ ] 
 [ ] 

Re:	 Offer of Employment by EverQuote, Inc. 
 
 Dear David,	 
 
 I am very pleased to confirm my offer to you of employment with EverQuote, Inc. (the Company in the position of EVP, Engineering , an exempt position. We would like your first day with the company to be December 9, 2019. I look forward to your acceptance of this offer. A summary of the terms of this offer and the benefits currently provided by the Company are as follows: 
 
 1. Salary . Your base salary will be 250,000.00 annual, paid in accordance with EverQuote's standard payroll practices. You will also be paid a sign on bonus of 100,000.00 less deductions required by law. The sign on bonus will be paid out in your first pay period at the Company and will be subject to recapture should you voluntarily leave the Company prior to the one year anniversary of your start date. 

2. Equity Award . A recommendation will be submitted to the board of directors of the Company to grant you 2,300,000 in restricted stock units. Subject to Board approval, your RSUs will vest quarterly over a four-year period. 

3. Benefits . You will be eligible to participate in regular health insurance and other employee benefit plans established by the Company for its employees. EverQuote has an Open PTO (Paid Time Off) policy, in which each employee is afforded the flexibility to take vacation as necessary. We do not track or limit employee vacation times or sick days take the time you need to operate at peak performance. 

4. At Will Employment . While I look forward to a long and profitable relationship, should you decide to accept this offer, you will be an at-will employee of the Company, which means the employment relationship can be terminated by either of us for any reason, at any time, with or without prior notice and with or without cause. 

5. Acceptance . If you decide to accept our offer, please sign the enclosed copy of this letter in the space indicated and return it to me. This offer will expire at 5:00 PM on Friday, November 8, 2019. Before joining the Company, you will be required to sign the Company s Standard Agreement Regarding Inventions, Confidentiality and Non-competition. You will also be required to pass a standard background check. Your signature will acknowledge that you have read and understood and agreed to the terms and conditions of this offer letter and the attached documents, if any. Should you have anything else that you wish to discuss, please do not hesitate to call me. 

Sincerely, 
 Seth Birnbaum, CEO 
 
 I have read and understood the above information and the Company s offer of employment as outlined above and hereby acknowledge, accept and agree to the terms as set forth above. I confirm that, to the best of my knowledge 
 www.EverQuote.com 

and belief, there is no contractual obligation to any previous employer which would prevent me from giving my full efforts to the Company (other than and to the extent set forth herein) or prevent the Company from benefiting from and retaining exclusive rights to any ideas or products which I may develop during my employment by the Company. I also acknowledge that my employment relationship with the Company is considered to be employment-at-will and may be terminated by either the Company or me, with or without cause or notice. 

By: /s/ David Brainard_____ 
 David Brainard 

Date: 11/8 _________, 2019 

2 
 www.EverQuote.com 

</EX-10>

<EX-21>
 3
 ever-ex21_1.htm
 EX-21.1

EX-21 

Exhibit 21.1 
 
 Subsidiaries of the Registrant 

Name 
 Jurisdiction of Incorporation 

Eversurance LLC 
 Indiana 

EverQuote NI Limited 
 Northern Ireland 

EverQuote India Private Limited Parachute Insurance Services Corp One-Eighty Software, Inc. Policy Fuel, LLC Kanopy Insurance Center, LLC 
 India Texas Delaware Texas Delaware 

</EX-21>

<EX-23>
 4
 ever-ex23_1.htm
 EX-23.1

EX-23 

Exhibit 23.1 
 CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 
 We hereby consent to the incorporation by reference in the Registration Statements on Form S-8 (Nos. 333-225944, 333-230800, 333-236668, 333-253707, 333-258762 and 333-263032) of EverQuote, Inc. of our report dated February 27, 2023 relating to the financial statements and the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting, which appears in this Form 10-K. 
 /s/ PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP 
 Boston, Massachusetts 
 February 27, 2023 

</EX-23>

<EX-31>
 5
 ever-ex31_1.htm
 EX-31.1

EX-31 

Exhibit 31.1 
 CERTIFICATIONS 
 I, Jayme Mendal, certify that: 
 1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of EverQuote, Inc.; 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 
 a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 
 b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 
 c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 
 d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 
 a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 
 b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: February 27, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/ Jayme Mendal 

Jayme Mendal 

Chief Executive Officer and President (Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31>

<EX-31>
 6
 ever-ex31_2.htm
 EX-31.2

EX-31 

Exhibit 31.2 
 CERTIFICATIONS 
 I, John Wagner, certify that: 
 1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of EverQuote, Inc.; 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 
 a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 
 b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 
 c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 
 d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 
 a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 
 b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: February 27, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/ John Wagner 

John Wagner 

Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer (Principal Financial Officer) 

</EX-31>

<EX-32>
 7
 ever-ex32_1.htm
 EX-32.1

EX-32 

Exhibit 32.1 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 In connection with the Annual Report on Form 10-K of EverQuote, Inc. (the Company for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), the undersigned, Jayme Mendal, Chief Executive Officer and President of the Company, hereby certifies, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that to the best of his knowledge on the date hereof: 
 (1) the Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 
 (2) the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

Date: February 27, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/ Jayme Mendal 

Jayme Mendal 

Chief Executive Officer and President (Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-32>

<EX-32>
 8
 ever-ex32_2.htm
 EX-32.2

EX-32 

Exhibit 32.2 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 In connection with the Annual Report on Form 10-K of EverQuote, Inc. (the Company for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), the undersigned, John Wagner, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer of the Company, hereby certifies, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that to the best of his knowledge on the date hereof: 
 (1) the Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 
 (2) the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

Date: February 27, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/ John Wagner 

John Wagner 

Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

</EX-32>

<EX-101.PRE>
 12
 ever-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

<EX-101.SCH>
 13
 ever-20221231.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 14
 ever-20221231_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 15
 ever-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 16
 ever-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

