<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230224_10-K_edgar_data_708955_0000708955-23-000016.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>29679228</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>422074</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>3511773</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>12984228</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>6314434</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>5825703</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>12</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0000708955-23-000016.hdr.sgml : 20230224
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230224151418
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0000708955-23-000016
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		146
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230224
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230224

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			FIRST FINANCIAL BANCORP /OH/
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000708955
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	NATIONAL COMMERCIAL BANKS [6021]
		IRS NUMBER:				311042001
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			OH
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-34762
		FILM NUMBER:		23666301

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		255 EAST FIFTH STREET
		STREET 2:		SUITE 800
		CITY:			CINCINNATI
		STATE:			OH
		ZIP:			45202
		BUSINESS PHONE:		8773229530

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		255 EAST FIFTH STREET
		STREET 2:		SUITE 800
		CITY:			CINCINNATI
		STATE:			OH
		ZIP:			45202

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0000708955-23-000016.txt : 20230224

10-K
 1
 ffbc-20221231.htm
 10-K

ffbc-20221231 
 
 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

 UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 Washington, D.C. 20549 
 FORM 
 Mark One) 
 ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(D) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the fiscal year ended 
 OR 
 TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(D) OF THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1934 
 Commission File Number 
 
 (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 
 (State of incorporation) (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) (Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code) 
 Registrant's telephone number, including area code: ) 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 
 Title of each class Trading symbol Name of each exchange on which registered 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: 
 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. 
 No 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. 
 Yes 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. 
 No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Date File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). 
 No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and "emerging growth company" in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 
 Accelerated filer Non-accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company 
 If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 
 If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. 
 Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). 
 Yes No 
 The aggregate market value of the voting stock held by non-affiliates of the registrant, computed by reference to the sales price of the last trade of such stock as of June 30, 2022, was . (The exclusion from such amount of the market value of the shares owned by any person shall not be deemed an admission by the registrant that such person is an affiliate of the registrant.) 
 As of February 23, 2023, there were issued and outstanding common shares of the registrant. 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

 Documents Incorporated by Reference: 
 Portions of the registrant s Annual Report to Shareholders for the year ended December 31, 2022 (Exhibit 13) are incorporated by reference into Parts I, II and III. Portions of the registrant s definitive Proxy Statement for the Annual Meeting of Shareholders to be held on May 23, 2023 are incorporated by reference into Part III. 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

 FORM 10-K CROSS REFERENCE INDEX 
 Page Part I 
 Item 1 
 Business 
 1 
 Item 1A 
 Risk Factors 
 12 
 Item 1B 
 Unresolved Staff Comments 
 23 
 Item 2 
 Properties 
 23 
 Item 3 
 Legal Proceedings 
 23 
 Item 4 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 24 
 Supplemental Item - Executive Officers of the Registrant 
 25 
 Part II 
 Item 5 
 Market for Registrant's Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 27 
 Item 6 
 Selected Financial Data 
 27 
 Item 7 
 Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 27 
 Item 7A 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk 
 27 
 Item 8 
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 28 
 Item 9 
 Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 28 
 Item 9A 
 Controls and Procedures 
 28 
 Item 9B 
 Other Information 
 28 
 Part III 
 Item 10 
 Directors, Executive Officers, and Corporate Governance 
 29 
 Item 11 
 Executive Compensation 
 29 
 Item 12 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 29 
 Item 13 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions and Director Independence 
 29 
 Item 14 
 Principal Accounting Fees and Services 
 29 
 Part IV 
 Item 15 
 Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules 
 30 
 Item 16 
 Form 10-K Summary 
 34 
 Signatures 
 35 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

 FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 

Certain statements contained in this Annual Report on Form 10-K and the documents incorporated by reference that are not statements of historical fact, constitute forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, including, without limitation, the statements specifically identified as forward-looking statements within this Annual Report on Form 10-K. In addition, certain statements in future filings by us with the SEC, in press releases, and in oral and written statements made by or with our approval, which are not statements of historical fact constitute forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Examples of forward-looking statements include: (i) projections of income or expense, earnings per share, the payment or non-payment of dividends, capital structure and other financial items; (ii) statements of our plans and objectives of our management or Board of Directors, including those relating to products or services or potential acquisition activity; (iii) statements of future economic performance; and (iv) statements of assumptions underlying such statements. Words such as believes, anticipates, expects, intends, targeted and other similar expressions are intended to identify forward-looking statements but are not the exclusive means of identifying such statements. 
 
 The Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 provides a safe harbor for forward-looking statements to encourage companies to provide prospective information so long as those statements are identified as forward-looking and are accompanied by meaningful cautionary statements identifying important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those discussed in the forward-looking statements. We desire to take advantage of the safe harbor provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. 
 
 Forward-looking statements involve risks and uncertainties. Actual results may differ materially from those predicted by the forward-looking statements because of various factors and possible events, including those factors and events identified (i) in "Item 1A. Risk Factors" of this Annual Report on Form 10-K and (ii) in the "Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations" section of First Financial's 2022 Annual Report to Shareholders (included within Exhibit 13 to this Annual Report on Form 10-K and incorporated by reference into Item 7 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K). 
 
 Forward-looking statements speak only as of the date on which they are made, and, except as may be required by law, we undertake no obligation to update any forward-looking statement to reflect events or circumstances after the date on which the statement is made. All subsequent written and oral forward-looking statements attributable to us or any person acting on our behalf are qualified in their entirety by the foregoing cautionary statements. 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

 PART I 

Item 1. Business. 
 
 First Financial Bancorp. 
 
 First Financial Bancorp., an Ohio corporation (First Financial or the Company), was formed in 1982. First Financial is a mid-sized, regional bank holding company headquartered in Cincinnati, Ohio, which has elected to become a financial holding company. References in this Form 10-K to we, us or our refer, as the context requires, to First Financial and its subsidiaries, collectively or to First Financial as the holding company. 
 
 First Financial engages in the business of commercial banking and other banking and banking-related activities through its wholly-owned subsidiary, First Financial Bank (the Bank), which was founded in 1863. Effective December 30, 2016, the Bank converted its charter to an Ohio state chartered bank from a nationally chartered bank. 
 
 The range of banking services provided by First Financial to individuals and businesses includes commercial lending, real estate lending and consumer financing. Real estate loans are loans secured by a mortgage lien on the real property of the borrower, which may either be residential property (one to four family residential housing units) or commercial property (owner-occupied and/or investor income producing real estate, such as apartments, shopping centers, or office buildings). Risk of loss related to lending activities is managed by adherence to standard loan policies that establish certain levels of performance prior to the extension of a loan to the borrower. In addition, First Financial offers deposit products that include interest-bearing and noninterest-bearing accounts, time deposits and cash management services for commercial customers. A full range of trust and wealth management services is also provided through First Financial s Wealth Management line of business. 
 
 Commercial and industrial loans are made to all types of businesses for a variety of purposes including, but not limited to, inventory, receivables and equipment. First Financial works with businesses to meet their shorter-term working capital needs while also providing long-term financing for their business plans. First Financial also offers lease and equipment financing through two wholly-owned subsidiaries of the Bank, First Financial Equipment Finance LLC (First Equipment Finance) and Summit Funding Group, Inc. (Summit) (discussed below). Credit risk for lending activities is managed through standardized loan policies, established and authorized credit limits, centralized portfolio management and the diversification of market area and industries. The overall strength of the borrower is evaluated through the credit underwriting process and includes a variety of analytical activities, including the review of historical and projected cash flows, financial performance, financial strength of the principals and guarantors and collateral values, where applicable. 
 
 Commercial and industrial lending activities also include equipment and leasehold improvement financing for franchisees throughout the U.S., principally in the quick service and casual dining sector. The underwriting of these loans incorporates basic credit proficiencies combined with knowledge of select franchise concepts to measure the creditworthiness of proposed multi-unit borrowers. The focus is on a limited number of concepts that we believe have sound economics, lower closure rates, and higher brand awareness within specified local, regional or national markets. Loan terms for equipment are generally up to 84 months fully amortizing and up to 180 months on real estate-related requests. 
 
 First Financial also offers secured commercial financing throughout the U.S. through two wholly-owned subsidiaries of the Bank, Oak Street Funding LLC (Oak Street) and First Franchise Capital Corporation (First Franchise). Oak Street lends to the insurance industry, registered investment advisors, certified public accountants and indirect auto finance companies, while First Franchise lends to restaurant franchisees. Together, these niche lending activities are driven by acquisitions, ownership transitions and financing general working capital needs. The underwriting of Oak Street's loans involves analyses of collateral (through use of Oak Street s proprietary system) that consists of revenue, which is then continuously monitored by Oak Street throughout the life of the loans. 
 
 Commercial real estate loans are secured by a mortgage lien on the real property. The credit underwriting for both owner-occupied and investor income producing real estate loans includes detailed market analysis, historical and projected cash flow analysis, appropriate equity margins, assessment of lessees and lessors, type of real estate and other analyses. Market diversification within First Financial s service area and industry diversification are other means by which First Financial manages the risk. First Financial does not have a significant exposure to residential builders and developers. 
 
 Certain residential real estate loans originated by the Bank conform to secondary market underwriting standards and are sold within a short timeframe to unaffiliated third parties. The Bank sells these loans with both servicing retained and servicing released, depending on pricing and other market conditions. The credit underwriting standards adhere to a required level of 
 1 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

 documentation, verifications, valuation and overall credit performance of the borrower. The underwriting of these loans includes an evaluation of these and other pertinent factors prior to the extension of credit. These underwriting standards increase the marketability and address the credit risk associated with the loans. 
 
 Consumer loans are primarily loans made to individuals. These types of loans include new and used vehicle loans, second mortgages on residential real estate and unsecured loans. Risk elements in the consumer loan portfolio are primarily focused on the borrower s cash flow and credit history, which are key indicators of the ability to repay. A level of security is provided through liens on automobile titles and second mortgage liens, where applicable. Consumer loans are generally smaller dollar amounts than other types of lending and are made to a large number of customers, increasing diversification within the portfolio. Economic conditions that affect consumers in First Financial s markets have a direct impact on the credit quality of these loans. Higher levels of unemployment, lower levels of income growth and weaker economic growth are factors that may impact consumer loan credit quality. 
 
 Home equity lines of credit consist mainly of revolving lines of credit secured by residential real estate. Home equity lines of credit are generally governed by the same lending policies and subject to the same credit risks as described previously for residential real estate loans. 
 
 Bannockburn Global Forex (Bannockburn), a division of the Bank, is an industry-leading capital markets firm based in Cincinnati, Ohio, that provides transactional currency payments, foreign exchange hedging and other advisory products to closely held enterprises, financial sponsors and downstream financial institutions across the United States. Their primary focus is on small- and middle-market clients that have a need for tailored foreign exchange solutions. Bannockburn has a nationwide presence with offices in 10 locations throughout the U.S. 
 
 Information regarding statistical disclosure required by the Securities and Exchange Commission s Industry Guide 3 is included in "Table 4 - Statistical Information" of First Financial's 2022 Annual Report to Shareholders for the year ended December 31, 2022, and is incorporated herein by reference. 
 
 First Financial's executive office is located at 255 East Fifth Street, Suite 800, Cincinnati, Ohio 45202, and the telephone number is (877) 322-9530. We maintain a website with the address www.bankatfirst.com . The information contained on our website is not included, a part of or incorporated by reference into this Annual Report on Form 10-K. First Financial makes available its Annual Reports on Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, Current Reports on Form 8-K, and all amendments to those reports, free of charge, as soon as reasonably practicable after filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC), through its website, www.bankatfirst.com under the Investor Relations link, under Financial Reporting. Copies of such reports also can be found on the SEC s website at www.sec.gov . 
 
 COVID-19 
 
 The Company's operations and financial results in 2022 continued to be influenced by the COVID-19 pandemic. The pandemic negatively impacted the global economy, disrupted global supply chains, lowered equity market valuations, created significant volatility and disruption in financial markets, increased unemployment levels and decreased consumer confidence generally. Some of these issues persisted in 2022, particularly with respect to global supply chains and the effects of a shrinking workforce, resulting in higher wages and more employee resignations across a number of industries. 
 
 The Company's response to the Paycheck Protection Program (the PPP) succeeded in providing relief to our customers, although the program and assistance had substantially wound down by the end of 2021. The Company had outstanding PPP loans totaling 3.0 million in balances, net of 0.1 million of unearned fees, as of December 31, 2022, compared to 55.6 million of PPP loans, net of 2.6 million of unearned fees, as of December 31, 2021. 
 
 Additionally, in 2022, the Company had no loans that were still in a payment deferral to provide relief to borrowers adversely impacted by the pandemic, compared to 16.5 million as of December 31, 2021. 
 
 Human Capital 
 
 At December 31, 2022, First Financial had approximately 2,108 full-time employees located primarily in the states of Ohio, Indiana, Kentucky, and Illinois. 
 
 Employee Wellbeing . A key component of the Company s strategic intent is Investing in our People. The company firmly believes that wellbeing is directly linked to engagement and engagement is a key pillar to the overall bank success. First 
 2 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

 Financial invests in associates and their families through various programs. One such program is the Wellbeing Program , designed to support employees and their families in a holistic way, focusing on the five core areas of wellbeing: physical, financial, social, community and purpose. The program provides employees with incentives (such as health savings account contributions, paid time off and reimbursements) in exchange for voluntary participation in a range of activities, including an annual physical, health-risk assessment, webinar participation and enrollment in Company sponsored fitness activities. In 2022, 54 of eligible employees qualified for benefits under the Wellbeing Program. Additionally, First Financial partners with an independent primary care clinic that offers no or low cost preventive and routine care to associates and families. 
 
 Compensation and Benefits. First Financial offers employees competitive short-term and long-term compensation, a comprehensive set of benefits including health, dental and vision insurance, free or low-cost access to an independent provider of primary care clinics, life and disability programs, parental leave, product discounts and various expense reimbursement programs. First Financial also provides all eligible employees with an annual allocation to the First Financial Pension Plan of 5 of eligible annual pay. The pension allocation is 100 company-paid, fully-vested and portable. We regularly review our compensation practices to ensure we are paying employees equitably, taking into consideration such factors as experience, education, and performance. 
 
 Employee Engagement. First Financial launched its engagement strategy in 2020, partnering with a third party to create a culture of highly engaged associates by providing managerial training and coaching, measuring associate engagement and developing action plans to deepen engagement. In July 2022 First Financial launched its third all-associate engagement survey, which reflected the Company's success in increasing engagement through coaching and training, intentional action plans, sharing success stories, and highlighting engagement champions. The 2022 survey results showed a marked increase in engagement from the survey conducted in 2021. As in prior years, teams throughout the Bank continue to engage in team huddles, manager training, town halls, mentoring, career and leadership development programs, and updated action plans to continue to increase engagement across the company. In 2022, we hosted virtual town hall meetings for all associates, sharing business updates, opening the lines of communications and answering associate questions. In conjunction with senior management and town hall meetings, several additional pulse surveys were completed which provided insight into our associates needs, which will shape future engagement strategies. 
 
 Diversity, Equity and Inclusion. First Financial prioritizes diversity, equity and inclusion (DEI) as an employer, a financial institution and as a member of the communities in which we operate. The DEI Committee of the Board provides guidance and oversight to First Financial s executive committee, the Manager of Diversity, Equity and Inclusion, and the First Financial Diversity Council, which is comprised of 10 associates from across our footprint. First Financial supports several associate-led business resource groups designed to facilitate networking and leadership development. First Financial continues to develop our DEI strategy, which includes goals and action plans designed to increase associate and management diversity. 
 
 Subsidiaries 
 
 A listing of each of First Financial s subsidiaries can be found in Exhibit 21 to this Form 10-K. 
 
 Business Combinations 
 
 In December 2021, the Company completed its acquisition of Summit Funding Group, Inc. and its subsidiaries. Summit was a privately held, full service, equipment financing company that originates, purchases, sells and services equipment leases to commercial businesses in the United States and Canada. Upon completion of the transaction, Summit became a subsidiary of the Bank and continues to operate as Summit Funding Group, taking advantage of its existing brand recognition within the equipment financing industry. Pursuant to the purchase agreement, First Financial agreed to acquire all of the issued and outstanding equity securities of Summit for aggregate consideration of approximately 127.1 million consisting of 113.5 million in cash and 10.0 million of First Financial common stock, and a 3.6 million earn-out payment. 
 
 Market and Competitive Information 
 
 First Financial utilizes a community banking business model and serves a combination of metropolitan and non-metropolitan markets through its full-service banking centers primarily in Indiana, Ohio, Kentucky and Illinois. Market selection is based upon a number of factors, but markets are primarily chosen for their potential for growth, long-term profitability and customer reach. First Financial s goal is to develop a competitive advantage through a local market focus, building long-term relationships with clients to help them reach greater levels of financial success. 
 3 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

We also compete on a nationwide basis through Oak Street, which lends to the insurance industry, registered investment advisors, certified public accountants and indirect auto finance companies, First Franchise, which lends to restaurant franchisees, Bannockburn, which provides foreign exchange services to customers throughout the United States, and Summit, which provides equipment financing to commercial businesses to the United States and Canada. 
 
 The Company s markets support many different types of business activities, such as manufacturing, agriculture, education, healthcare and professional services. Within these markets, growth is projected to continue in key demographic groups and populations. First Financial s market evaluation includes demographic measures such as income levels, median household income and population growth. The Midwestern markets that First Financial serves have historically not experienced the level of economic volatility experienced in other areas of the country, although material fluctuations may occur. 
 
 First Financial believes that it is well positioned to compete in its markets. Smaller than super-regional and multi-national bank holding companies, First Financial believes that it can meet the needs of its markets through a local decision-making process and that it is better positioned to compete than smaller community banks that may have size or geographic limitations. First Financial s targeted customers include individuals and small to medium sized businesses within the Bank's geographic footprint. Through its diversified delivery systems of banking centers, ATMs, internet banking and telephone-based transactions, First Financial is able to meet the needs of its customers in an ever-changing marketplace. 
 
 First Financial faces strong competition from financial institutions and other non-financial organizations. Its competitors include local and regional financial institutions, savings and loans and bank holding companies, as well as some of the largest banking organizations in the United States. In addition, other types of financial institutions, such as credit unions, offer a wide range of loan and deposit services that are competitive with those offered by First Financial. The consumer is also served by brokerage firms and mutual funds that provide checking services, credit cards, margin loans and other services similar to those offered by First Financial. Online lenders also create additional competition, particularly in the mortgage and consumer lending areas. Major consumer retail stores compete for loans by offering credit cards and retail installment contracts. It is anticipated that competition from other financial and non-financial services entities will continue and, for certain products and services, intensify. 
 
 Supervision and Regulation 
 
 First Financial and its subsidiaries are subject to an extensive system of laws and regulations that are intended primarily for the protection of consumers, depositors, borrowers, the Deposit Insurance Fund (DIF) of the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation (FDIC), and the banking system in general and not for the protection of shareholders. These laws and regulations govern areas such as capital, permissible activities, allowance for credit losses, loans and investments, interest rates that can be charged on loans and consumer protection communications and disclosures. Certain elements of selected laws and regulations are described in more detail in the sections that follow. These descriptions are not intended to be complete and are qualified in their entirety by reference to the full text of the statutes and regulations described. 
 
 Bank Holding Company Regulation 
 
 As a bank holding company that has elected to become a financial holding company, First Financial is subject to the provisions of the Bank Holding Company Act of 1956, as amended (the BHCA), and is subject to supervision and examination by the Federal Reserve Board. The BHCA requires prior approval by the Federal Reserve Board in any case where a financial holding company proposes to: (i) acquire direct or indirect ownership or control of more than 5 of the voting shares of any bank that is not already majority-owned by the financial holding company; (ii) acquire all or substantially all of the assets of another bank or another financial or bank holding company; or (iii) merge or consolidate with any other financial or bank holding company. In addition, First Financial s acquisition of a savings and loan association requires prior Federal Reserve Board approval. 
 
 A qualifying bank holding company that has elected to become a financial holding company may affiliate with securities firms and insurance companies and engage in other activities that are financial in nature and not otherwise permissible for a bank holding company, if: (i) the holding company is "well managed" and "well capitalized" and (ii) each of its subsidiary banks (a) is well capitalized under the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation Act of 1991 prompt corrective action provisions, (b) is well managed, and (c) has at least a "satisfactory" rating under the Community Reinvestment Act (CRA). No regulatory approval is required under the BHCA for a financial holding company to acquire a company, other than a bank or savings association, engaged in activities that are financial in nature or incidental to activities that are financial in nature, as determined by the Federal Reserve Board. 
 4 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

The Financial Services Modernization Act defines financial in nature to include: 
 
 securities underwriting, dealing and market making; 
 sponsoring mutual funds and investment companies; 
 insurance underwriting and agency; 
 merchant banking; and 
 activities that the Federal Reserve Board has determined to be closely related to banking. 
 
 If a financial holding company or a subsidiary bank fails to maintain all requirements for the holding company to maintain financial holding company status, material restrictions may be placed on the activities of the holding company and its subsidiaries and on the ability of the holding company to enter into certain transactions and obtain regulatory approvals for new activities and transactions. The holding company could also be required to divest itself of subsidiaries that engage in activities that are not permitted for bank holding companies that are not financial holding companies. If restrictions are imposed on the activities of a financial holding company, the existence of such restrictions may not be made publicly available pursuant to confidentiality regulations of the bank regulatory agencies. 
 
 Each subsidiary bank of a financial holding company is subject to certain restrictions on the maintenance of reserves against deposits, extensions of credit to the financial holding company and its subsidiaries, investments in the stock and other securities of the financial holding company and its subsidiaries and the taking of such stock and securities as collateral for loans to borrowers. Further, a financial holding company and its subsidiaries are prohibited from engaging in certain tying arrangements in connection with any extension of credit, lease or sale of property or furnishing of any services. Various consumer laws and regulations also affect the operations of these subsidiaries. 
 
 In April 2020, the Federal Reserve Board adopted a final rule to revise its regulations related to determinations of whether a company has the ability to exercise control over another company for purposes of the Bank Holding Company Act. The final rule expands and codifies the presumptions for use in such determinations. By codifying the presumptions, the final rule provides greater transparency on the types of relationships that the Federal Reserve Board generally views as supporting a facts-and-circumstances determination that one company controls another company. 
 
 The Federal Reserve Board also has extensive enforcement authority over bank holding companies, including the ability to assess civil monetary penalties, issue cease and desist or removal orders, and require that a bank holding company divest subsidiaries (including a subsidiary bank). In general, the Federal Reserve Board may initiate enforcement actions for violations of laws and regulations and unsafe or unsound practices. A bank holding company is required by law and Federal Reserve Board policy to act as a source of financial strength to each subsidiary bank and to commit resources to support such subsidiary bank. The Federal Reserve Board may require a bank holding company to contribute additional capital to an undercapitalized subsidiary bank and may disapprove of the payment of dividends to its shareholders if the Federal Reserve Board believes the payment of such dividends would be an unsafe or unsound practice. 
 
 Economic Growth, Regulatory Relief and Consumer Protection Act 
 
 The Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act of 2010, as amended (the Dodd-Frank Act), imposes significant regulatory and compliance requirements, including the imposition of increased capital, leverage, and liquidity requirements, and numerous other provisions designed to improve supervision and oversight of, and strengthen safety and soundness within, the financial services sector. 
 
 On May 25, 2018, the Economic Growth, Regulatory Relief and Consumer Protection Act (the Regulatory Relief Act) was enacted to modify or remove certain financial reform rules and regulations, including some of those implemented under the Dodd-Frank Act. Bank holding companies with consolidated assets of less than 100 billion, including First Financial, are no longer subject to the enhanced prudential standards established under the Dodd-Frank Act. The Regulatory Relief Act also relieves bank holding companies and banks with consolidated assets of less than 100 billion, including First Financial, from certain record-keeping, reporting and disclosure requirements. 
 
 Depository Institution Regulation 
 
 The Bank, as a bank chartered under the laws of the State of Ohio and a member of the Federal Reserve Bank of Cleveland (Federal Reserve Bank), is subject to supervision and examination by the Federal Reserve Board and the Ohio Division of 
 5 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

 Financial Institutions (ODFI). The Bank's deposits are insured up to applicable legal limits by the DIF, which is administered by the FDIC and is subject to the provisions of the Federal Deposit Insurance Act, as amended (FDIA). The Bank is also subject to regulations of the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau (CFPB), which was established by the Dodd-Frank Act and has broad powers to adopt and enforce consumer protection regulations. 
 
 Regulatory Capital 
 
 Financial institutions and their holding companies are required to maintain capital as a way of absorbing losses. The Federal Reserve Board has adopted risk-based capital guidelines for bank holding companies as well as state banks that are members of a Federal Reserve Bank. The guidelines provide a systematic analytical framework that makes regulatory capital requirements sensitive to differences in risk profiles among banking organizations, takes off-balance sheet exposures expressly into account in evaluating capital adequacy and incentivizes to holding liquid, low-risk assets. Capital levels as measured by these standards are also used to categorize financial institutions for purposes of certain prompt corrective action regulatory provisions. 
 
 In July 2013, the United States banking regulators approved final rules (the Basel III Capital Rules) implementing the Basel III framework set forth by the Basel Committee on Banking Supervision, as well as certain provisions of the Dodd-Frank Act. Community banking organizations, including First Financial and the Bank, began transitioning to the new rules when the new minimum capital requirements became effective on January 1, 2015. A capital conservation buffer (i.e. common equity) and additional deductions from common equity capital were phased in through January 1, 2019. 
 
 The Basel III capital rules include (i) a minimum common equity tier 1 capital ratio of 4.5 , (ii) a minimum tier 1 capital ratio of 6.0 , (iii) a minimum total capital ratio of 8.0 and (iv) a minimum leverage ratio of 4.0 . 
 
 Common equity for the common equity tier 1 capital ratio generally consists of common stock (plus related surplus), retained earnings, accumulated other comprehensive income (unless an institution elects to exclude such income from regulatory capital) and limited amounts of minority interests in the form of common stock, subject to applicable regulatory adjustments and deductions. 
 
 Tier 1 capital generally consists of common equity as defined for the common equity tier 1 capital ratio, plus certain non-cumulative preferred stock and related surplus, cumulative preferred stock and related surplus, trust preferred securities that have been grandfathered (but which are not otherwise permitted), and limited amounts of minority interests in the form of additional tier 1 capital instruments, less certain deductions. 
 
 Tier 2 capital, which can be included in the total capital ratio, generally consists of other preferred capital and subordinated debt meeting certain conditions plus limited amounts of the allowance for credit losses, subject to specified eligibility criteria, less applicable deductions. 
 
 The deductions from common equity tier 1 capital include goodwill and other intangibles, certain deferred tax assets, mortgage-servicing assets above certain levels, gains on sale in connection with a securitization, investments in a banking organization s own capital instruments and investments in the capital of unconsolidated financial institutions (above certain levels). 
 
 Under the guidelines, capital is compared to the relative risk included in the balance sheet. To derive the risk included in the balance sheet, one of several risk weights is applied to different balance sheet and off-balance sheet assets, primarily based on the relative credit risk of the counterparty. The capital amounts and classification are also subject to qualitative judgments by the regulators about components, risk weightings and other factors. 
 
 The Basel III Capital Rules also place restrictions on the payment of capital distributions, including dividends and stock repurchases, and certain discretionary bonus payments to executive officers if the Company does not hold a capital conservation buffer of greater than 2.5 composed of common equity tier 1 capital compared to its minimum risk-based capital requirements, or if its eligible retained income is negative in that quarter and its capital conservation buffer ratio was less than 2.5 at the beginning of the quarter. 
 
 Federal banking regulators have established regulations governing prompt corrective action to resolve capital deficient banks. Under these regulations, institutions that become under-capitalized are subject to mandatory regulatory scrutiny and limitations, which increase as capital continues to decrease. Each such institution is also required to file a capital plan with its primary federal regulator, and its holding company must guarantee the capital shortfall up to 5 of the assets of the capital deficient institution at the time it becomes under-capitalized. 
 
 6 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

 In accordance with the Basel III Capital Rules, in order to be well-capitalized under the prompt corrective action guidelines, a bank must have a common equity tier 1 capital ratio of at least 6.5 , a total risk-based capital ratio of at least 10.0 , a tier 1 risk-based capital ratio of at least 8.0 and a leverage ratio of at least 5.0 , and the bank must not be subject to any written agreement, order, capital directive or prompt corrective action directive to meet and maintain a specific capital level or any capital measure. At December 31, 2022, the Bank met the capital ratio requirements to be deemed well-capitalized. 
 
 A bank with a capital level that might qualify for well capitalized or adequately capitalized status may nevertheless be treated as though the bank is in the next lower capital category if the bank s primary federal banking supervisory authority determines that an unsafe or unsound condition or practice warrants that treatment. A bank s operations can be significantly affected by its capital classification under the prompt corrective action rules. For example, a bank that is not well capitalized generally is prohibited from accepting brokered deposits and offering interest rates on deposits higher than the prevailing rate in its market without advance regulatory approval. These deposit-funding limitations can have an effect on the bank s liquidity. At each successively lower capital category, an insured depository institution is subject to additional restrictions. Under-capitalized banks are required to take specified actions to increase their capital or otherwise decrease the risks to the DIF. Bank regulatory agencies generally are required to appoint a receiver or conservator within 90 days after a bank becomes critically under-capitalized with a leverage ratio of less than 2.0 . The FDIA provides that a federal bank regulatory authority may require a bank holding company to divest itself of an under-capitalized bank subsidiary if the agency determines that divestiture will improve the bank s financial condition and prospects. 
 
 In December 2018, the federal banking agencies issued a final rule to address regulatory treatment of credit loss allowances under the current expected credit loss (CECL) model (accounting standard). The rule revised the federal banking agencies regulatory capital rules to identify which credit loss allowances under the CECL model are eligible for inclusion in regulatory capital and to provide banking organizations the option to phase in over three years the day-one adverse effects on regulatory capital that may result from the adoption of the CECL model. Concurrent with the enactment of the Coronavirus Aid, Relief, and Economic Recovery Act (CARES Act) in March 2020, federal banking agencies issued an interim final rule that delayed the estimated impact on regulatory capital resulting from the adoption of CECL. The interim final rule provided banking organizations that implemented CECL prior to the end of 2020 the option to delay for two years the estimated impact of CECL on regulatory capital relative to regulatory capital determined under the prior incurred loss methodology, followed by a three-year transition period to phase out the aggregate amount of capital benefit provided during the initial two-year delay. First Financial adopted the capital transition relief over the five year permissible period. 
 
 Debit Card Interchange Fees 
 
 The Durbin Amendment to the Dodd-Frank Act, also known as Regulation II, was enacted into law in July 2010. The Durbin Amendment limits the amount of interchange fees that banks with assets of 10 billion or more may charge to process electronic debit transactions. Under the Durbin Amendment and the Federal Reserve Board s implementing regulations, bank issuers which are not exempt may only receive an interchange fee from merchants that is reasonable and proportional to the cost of clearing the transaction. The maximum permissible interchange fee is equal to no more than 0.21 plus 5 basis points of the transaction value for many types of debit interchange transactions. A debit card issuer may also recover 0.01 per transaction for fraud prevention purposes if the issuer complies with certain fraud-related requirements established by the Federal Reserve Board. In addition, the Federal Reserve Board has rules governing routing and exclusivity that require issuers to offer two unaffiliated networks for routing transactions on each debit or prepaid product. 
 
 Limitations on Dividends and Other Payments 
 
 There are various legal limitations on the extent to which a subsidiary bank may finance or otherwise supply funds to its parent holding company. Under applicable federal and state laws, the Bank may not, subject to certain limited exceptions, make loans or extensions of credit to, or investments in the securities of, First Financial. A subsidiary bank is also subject to collateral security requirements for any loan or extension of credit permitted by such exceptions. 
 
 The Bank may not pay dividends out of its surplus if, after paying these dividends, it would fail to meet the required minimum capital levels established by the Federal Reserve Board. The amount of dividends payable by the Bank is also restricted if the Bank does not hold a capital conservation buffer as described above. In addition, the Bank must have the approval of the Federal Reserve Board and the ODFI if a dividend in any year would cause the total dividends for that year to exceed the sum of the Bank s net income for the current year and the retained net income for the preceding two years, less required transfers to surplus or to fund the retirement of preferred stock. Under Ohio law, the Bank may pay a dividend from surplus only with the approval of First Financial (as the sole shareholder of the Bank) and the approval of the ODFI. Payment of dividends by the Bank may be restricted at any time at the discretion of its regulatory authorities, if such regulatory authorities deem such dividends to constitute unsafe and/or unsound banking practices or if necessary to maintain adequate capital. 
 7 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

The ability of First Financial to obtain funds for the payment of dividends, for the servicing of indebtedness and for other cash requirements is largely dependent on the amount of dividends that may be declared by the Bank. However, because the Federal Reserve Board expects First Financial to serve as a source of strength to the Bank, as discussed above, payment of dividends by the Bank may be restricted at any time at the discretion of the Federal Reserve Board if the Federal Reserve Board deems such dividends to constitute an unsafe and/or unsound banking practice. 
 
 The Federal Reserve Board has also issued a policy statement with regard to the payment of cash dividends by financial holding companies and other bank holding companies. The policy statement provides that, as a matter of prudent banking, a bank holding company should not maintain a rate of cash dividends unless its net income available to common shareholders over the past year has been sufficient to fully fund the dividends, and the prospective rate of earnings retention appears to be consistent with the bank holding company s capital needs, asset quality, and overall financial condition. Accordingly, a bank holding company generally should not pay cash dividends that exceed its net income or that can only be funded in ways that weaken the bank holding company s financial health, such as by borrowing. Under certain circumstances, a bank holding company must provide notice to the Federal Reserve Board of an intended dividend payment, to which the Federal Reserve Board might object if it determines the payment would be an unsafe or unsound practice. 
 
 Insurance of Accounts 
 
 The FDIC maintains the DIF, which insures the deposit accounts of the Bank to the maximum amount provided by law. The general insurance limit is 250,000 per separately insured depositor. This insurance is backed by the full faith and credit of the United States government. 
 
 The FDIC assesses deposit insurance premiums on each insured institution quarterly based on risk characteristics of the institution. As a bank with assets of more than 10 billion, First Financial is subject to a deposit assessment based on a scorecard issued by the FDIC. This scorecard considers, among other things, the Bank s CAMELS rating, results of asset-related stress testing and funding-related stress, as well as its use of core deposits, among other things. Depending on the results of the Bank s performance under that scorecard, the total base assessment rate is between 1.5 and 40 basis points. The FDIC may also impose a special assessment in an emergency situation. 
 
 The FDIA requires the FDIC's Board of Directors to set a target or Designated Reserve Ratio (DRR) for the DIF annually. The DRR is the total of the DIF divided by the total estimated insured deposits of the industry. Under the long-range plan, the FDIC set the DRR at 2.0 and set a schedule of assessment rates that would progressively decrease when the DRR reached 2.0 and 2.5 . The FDIC views the 2.0 DRR as a long-term goal and the minimum level needed to withstand future crises of the magnitude of past crises. Extraordinary growth in insured deposits during the first and second quarters of 2020 caused the DRR to decline below the statutory minimum of 1.35 as of June 30, 2020. In September 2020, the FDIC Board of Directors adopted a restoration plan to restore the DRR to at least 1.35 by 2028, absent extraordinary circumstances, as required by the FDIC. The restoration plan maintained the assessment rate schedules in place at the time and required the FDIC to update its analysis and projections for the DIF balance and DRR at least semiannually. 
 
 In the semiannual update for the restoration plan in June 2022, the FDIC projected that the DRR was at risk of not reaching the statutory minimum of 1.35 by September 30, 2028, the statutory deadline to restore the DRR. Based on this update, the FDIC Board approved an amended restoration plan, and concurrently proposed an increase in initial base deposit insurance assessment rate schedules uniformly by two basis points, applicable to all insured depository institutions. In October 2022, the FDIC Board finalized the increase with an effective date of January 1, 2023, applicable to the first quarterly assessment period of 2023. The revised assessment rate schedules are intended to increase the likelihood that the DRR reaches the statutory minimum level of 1.35 by September 30, 2028. 
 
 As insurer, the FDIC is authorized to conduct examinations of and to require reporting by DIF-insured institutions. Insurance of deposits may be terminated by the FDIC upon a finding that the institution has engaged or is engaging in unsafe and unsound practices, is in an unsafe or unsound condition to continue operations or has violated any applicable law, regulation, rule, order or condition imposed by the FDIC or written agreement entered into with the FDIC. 
 
 Consumer Protection Laws and Regulations 
 
 Banks are subject to regular examination to ensure compliance with federal statutes and regulations applicable to their business, including consumer protection statutes and implementing regulations. The Dodd-Frank Act established the CFPB, which has extensive regulatory and enforcement powers over consumer financial products and services. As a bank with total assets in 
 8 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

 excess of 10 billion, the Bank is primarily examined by the CFPB with respect to consumer protection laws and regulations. The CFPB has adopted numerous rules with respect to consumer protection laws and has commenced related enforcement actions. The following are just a few of the consumer protection laws applicable to the Bank: 
 
 The CRA: imposes a continuing and affirmative obligation to fulfill the credit needs of its entire community, including low- and moderate-income neighborhoods. 
 
 Equal Credit Opportunity Act: prohibits discrimination in any credit transaction on the basis of any of various criteria. 
 
 Truth in Lending Act: requires that credit terms are disclosed in a manner that permits a consumer to understand and compare credit terms more readily and knowledgeably. 
 
 Fair Housing Act: makes it unlawful for a lender to discriminate in its housing-related lending activities against any person on the basis of any of certain criteria. 
 
 Home Mortgage Disclosure Act: requires financial institutions to collect data that enables regulatory agencies to determine whether the financial institutions are serving the housing credit needs of the communities in which they are located. 
 
 Real Estate Settlement Procedures Act: requires that lenders provide borrowers with disclosures regarding the nature and cost of real estate settlements and prohibits abusive practices that increase borrowers costs. 
 
 Privacy provisions of the Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act: requires financial institutions to establish policies and procedures to restrict the sharing of non-public customer data with non-affiliated parties and to protect customer information from unauthorized access. 
 
 The banking regulators also use their authority under the Federal Trade Commission Act to take supervisory or enforcement action with respect to unfair or deceptive acts or practices by banks that may not necessarily fall within the scope of specific banking or consumer finance law. 
 
 On July 22, 2020, the CFPB issued a final small dollar loan rule related to payday, vehicle title and certain high cost installment loans (the Small Dollar Rule) that modified a former rule that was issued in November 2013. Lenders were required to comply with the Small Dollar Rule by June 13, 2022. Specifically, the Small Dollar Rule revokes provisions contained in the 2013 rule that: (i) provide that it is an unfair and abusive practice for a lender to make a covered short-term or longer-term balloon-payment loan, including payday and vehicle title loans, without reasonably determining that consumers have the ability to repay those loans according to their terms; (ii) prescribe mandatory underwriting requirements for making the ability-to-repay determination; (iii) exempt certain loans from mandatory underwriting requirements; and (iv) establish related definitions, reporting, and recordkeeping requirements. 
 
 Separately, in May 2018, the OCC published guidance that encourages national banks and federal savings associations to offer responsible short-term, small-dollar installment loans with terms between two and twelve months and equal amortizing payments. Pursuant to the OCC s guidance on this issue, banks are encouraged to offer these products in a manner that is consistent with sound risk management principles and clear, documented underwriting guidelines. Further, the federal bank regulatory agencies issued interagency guidance on May 20, 2020, to encourage banks, savings associations, and credit unions to offer responsible small-dollar loans to customers for consumer and small business purposes. The Small Dollar Rule did not have a material effect on First Financial s financial condition or results of operations on a consolidated basis in 2021 or 2022. 
 
 Community Reinvestment Act 
 
 Under the CRA, every FDIC-insured institution is obligated, consistent with safe and sound banking practices, to help meet the credit needs of its entire community, including low and moderate income neighborhoods. The CRA requires the appropriate federal banking regulator, in connection with the examination of an insured institution, to assess the institution's record of meeting the credit needs of its community and to consider this record in its evaluation of certain applications to banking regulators, such as an application for approval of a merger or the establishment of a branch. An unsatisfactory rating may be used as the basis for the denial of an application and will prevent a bank holding company from making an election to become a financial holding company. As of its most recent examination, the Bank received a CRA rating of outstanding. 
 
 Privacy Rules 
 
 9 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

 Federal banking regulators, as required under the Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act, as amended (the GLBA), have adopted rules limiting the ability of banks and other financial institutions to disclose nonpublic information about consumers to non-affiliated third parties. The rules require disclosure of privacy policies to consumers and, in some circumstances, allow consumers to prevent disclosure of certain personal information to non-affiliated third parties. The privacy provisions of the GLBA affect how consumer information is transmitted through diversified financial services companies and conveyed to outside vendors. 
 
 Fiscal and Monetary Policies 
 
 The earnings of banks, and, therefore, the earnings of First Financial (and its subsidiaries), are affected by the fiscal and monetary policies of the United States government and its agencies, including the Federal Reserve Board. An important function of the Federal Reserve Board is to regulate the national supply of bank credit in an effort to prevent recession and to restrain inflation. Among the procedures used to implement these objectives are open market operations in United States government securities, changes in the discount rate on member bank borrowings, and changes in reserve requirements on member bank deposits. These policies are used in varying degrees and combinations to directly affect the availability of bank loans and deposits, as well as the interest rates charged on loans and paid on deposits. 
 
 Volcker Rule 
 
 In December 2013, five federal agencies adopted a final regulation implementing the so-called Volcker Rule provision of the Dodd-Frank Act (the Volcker Rule). The Volcker Rule placed limits on the trading activity of insured depository institutions and entities affiliated with depository institutions, subject to certain exceptions. Such trading activity included the purchase or sale as principal of a security derivative, commodity future, option, or similar instrument in order to benefit from short-term price movements or to realize short-term profits. The Volcker Rule exempted trading in specified United States government, agency, state and/or municipal obligations. The Volcker Rule also excluded: (i) trading conducted in certain capacities, including as a broker or other agent, through a deferred compensation or pension plan, as a fiduciary on behalf of customers; (ii) trading to satisfy a debt previously contracted; (iii) trading under certain repurchase and securities lending agreements; and (iv) trading in connection with risk-mitigating hedging activities. Further, the Volcker Rule prohibited a banking entity from having an ownership interest in, or certain relationships with, a hedge fund or private equity fund, also known as covered funds, subject to a number of exceptions. 
 
 On June 25, 2020, the federal bank regulatory agencies finalized a rule modifying the Volcker Rule s prohibition on banking entities investing in or sponsoring covered funds. The new rule permits certain banking entities to offer financial services and engage in other activities that do not raise concerns that the Volcker Rule was originally intended to address. To the extent First Financial engages in any of the trading activities or has any ownership interests in or relationship with any of the types of funds regulated by the Volcker Rule, First Financial believes that its activities and relationships comply with such rule, as modified through rule-making. 
 
 Office of Foreign Assets Control Regulation 
 
 The United States Treasury Department s Office of Foreign Assets Control (OFAC) administers and enforces economic and trade sanctions against targeted foreign countries and regimes, under authority of various laws, including designated foreign countries, nationals and others. OFAC publishes lists of specially designated targets and countries. First Financial is responsible for, among other things, blocking accounts of, and transactions with, such targets and countries, prohibiting unlicensed trade and financial transactions with them and reporting blocked transactions after their occurrence. Failure to comply with these sanctions could have serious financial, legal and reputational consequences, including causing applicable bank regulatory authorities not to approve merger or acquisition transactions when regulatory approval is required or to prohibit such transactions even if approval is not required. Regulatory authorities have imposed cease and desist orders and civil money penalties against institutions found to be violating these obligations. 
 
 Cybersecurity 
 
 In March 2015, federal regulators issued two related statements regarding cybersecurity. One statement indicates that financial institutions should design multiple layers of security controls to establish several lines of defense and to ensure that their risk management processes also address the risk posed by compromised customer credentials, including security measures to reliably authenticate customers accessing Internet-based services of the financial institution. The other statement indicates that a financial institution s management is expected to maintain sufficient business continuity planning processes to ensure the rapid recovery, resumption and maintenance of the financial institution s operations after a cyber-attack involving destructive malware. A financial institution is also expected to develop appropriate processes to enable recovery of data and business 
 10 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

 operations and address rebuilding network capabilities and restoring data if the financial institution or its critical service providers fall victim to this type of cybersecurity-attack. If First Financial fails to observe the regulatory guidance, it could be subject to various regulatory sanctions, including financial penalties. 
 
 In February 2018, the SEC published interpretive guidance to assist public companies in preparing disclosures about cybersecurity risks and incidents. These SEC guidelines, and any other regulatory guidance, are in addition to notification and disclosure requirements under state and federal banking law and regulations. 
 
 In November 2021, the FDIC, the OCC and the Federal Reserve Board issued a final rule that became effective in May 2022 requiring banking organizations that experience a computer-security incident to notify certain entities. A computer-security incident occurs when there is a violation or imminent threat of a violation to banking security policies and procedures, or when actual or potential harm to the confidentiality, integrity, or availability of an information system or the information occurs. The affected bank must notify its respective federal regulator of the computer-security incident as soon as possible and no later than 36 hours after the bank determines a computer-security incident that rises to the level of a notification incident has occurred. These notifications are intended to promote early awareness of threats to banking organizations and will help banks react to those threats before they manifest into larger incidents. This rule also requires bank service providers to notify their customers of a computer-security incident that has caused, or is reasonably likely to cause, a material service disruption or degradation for four or more hours. 
 
 State regulators have also been increasingly active in implementing privacy and cybersecurity standards and regulations. Recently, several states have adopted regulations requiring certain financial institutions to implement cybersecurity programs and providing detailed requirements with respect to these programs, including data encryption requirements. Many states have also recently implemented or modified their data breach notification and data privacy requirements. First Financial expects this trend of new state-level activity to continue and is actively monitoring developments in the states in which we conduct business. 
 
 In the ordinary course of business, First Financial relies on electronic communications and information systems to conduct its operations and to store sensitive data. First Financial employs an in-depth, layered, defensive approach that leverages people, processes, encryption and multi-factor authentication technology to manage and maintain cybersecurity controls. First Financial utilizes a variety of preventative and detective tools to monitor, block, and provide alerts regarding suspicious activity, as well as report on any suspected advanced persistent threats. Notwithstanding the strength of First Financial s defensive measures, the threat from cybersecurity-attacks is severe, attacks are sophisticated and increasing in volume, and attackers respond rapidly to changes in defensive measures. First Financial s systems and those of its customers and third-party service providers are under constant threat and it is possible that First Financial could experience a significant event in the future. Risks and exposures related to cybersecurity attacks are expected to remain high for the foreseeable future due to the rapidly evolving nature and sophistication of these threats, in addition to the expanding use of Internet banking, mobile banking and other technology-based products and services by us and our customers. 
 
 Patriot Act 
 
 A major focus of governmental policy on financial institutions in recent years has been aimed at combating money laundering and terrorist financing. In response to the terrorist events of September 11, 2001, the Uniting and Strengthening of America by Providing Appropriate Tools Required to Intercept and Obstruct Terrorism Act of 2001 (the Patriot Act) substantially broadened the scope of United States anti-money laundering laws and regulations by imposing significant new compliance and due diligence obligations, creating new crimes and penalties, and expanding the extra-territorial jurisdiction of the United States. The Patriot Act gives the United States government powers to address terrorist threats through enhanced domestic security measures, expanded surveillance powers, increased information sharing and broadened anti-money laundering requirements. Title III of the Patriot Act encourage information sharing among bank regulatory agencies and law enforcement bodies. Further, certain provisions of Title III impose affirmative obligations on a broad range of financial institutions. Among other requirements, Title III and related regulations require regulated financial institutions to establish a program specifying procedures for obtaining identifying information from customers seeking to open new accounts and establish enhanced due diligence policies, procedures and controls designed to detect and report suspicious activity. The Bank has established policies and procedures that it considers to be in compliance with the requirements of the Patriot Act. 
 
 State Law 
 
 As an Ohio-chartered bank, the Bank is subject to regular examination by the ODFI. State banking regulation affects the Bank s internal organization and corporate governance, capital distributions, activities, acquisitions of other institutions and branching. State banking regulation may contain limitations on an institution s activities that are in addition to limitations 
 11 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

 imposed under federal banking law. The ODFI may initiate supervisory measures or formal enforcement actions, and under certain circumstances, it may take control of an Ohio-chartered bank. 

Item 1A. Risk Factors. 
 
 The risks listed here are not the only risks we face. Additional risks that are not presently known, or that we presently deem to be immaterial, also could have a material effect on our financial condition, results of operations, business and prospects. (See also Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations for certain forward looking statements.) 
 
 Risks Related to Economic and Market Conditions 
 
 Weakness in the economy and in the real estate market, including specific weakness within our geographic footprint, may affect us, including requiring us to record additional loan loss provision or to charge off loans. 
 
 First Financial s success depends, in part, on economic and political conditions, local and national, as well as governmental fiscal and monetary policies. Conditions such as inflation, recession, unemployment, changes in interest rates, fiscal and monetary policy and other factors beyond First Financial s control may affect its deposit levels and composition, demand for loans, the ability of borrowers to repay their loans and the value of the collateral securing the loans it makes. Economic turmoil in different regions of the world affect the economy and stock prices in the United States, which can affect First Financial s earnings and capital and the ability of its customers to repay loans. For example, on February 24, 2022, Russian military forces invaded Ukraine, and sustained conflict and disruption in the region have occurred and remain likely. Although the length, impact, and outcome of the ongoing war in Ukraine is highly unpredictable, this conflict has resulted, and could continue to result, in market and other disruptions, including significant volatility in commodity prices and supply of energy resources, instability in financial markets, supply chain interruptions, political and social instability, changes in consumer or purchaser preferences, as well as increases in cyberattacks and espionage. The extent and duration of the military action, sanctions and resulting market disruptions could be significant and could potentially have substantial impact on the global economy and our business for an unknown period of time. 
 
 Due to First Financial's volume of real estate loans, declining real estate values, especially in light of rising interest rates, could affect the value of property used as collateral as well as First Financial s ability to sell the collateral upon foreclosure. 
 
 If the strength of the United States economy in general and the strength of the local economies in which we conduct operations decline, this could result in, among other things, a deterioration of credit quality or a reduced demand for credit, including a resultant effect on our loan portfolio and allowance for credit losses. These factors could also result in higher delinquencies and greater charge-offs in future periods, which could materially affect our financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 There is no assurance that our non-impaired loans will not become impaired or that our impaired loans will not suffer further deterioration in value. The fluctuations in national, regional and local economic conditions, including those related to local residential, commercial real estate and construction markets, may result in increased charge-offs and, consequently, reduce our net income. These fluctuations are not predictable, cannot be controlled and may have a material impact on our operations and financial condition even if other favorable events occur. 
 
 Weakness in the real estate market, including the secondary market for residential mortgage loans, could affect us. 
 
 Disruptions in the secondary market for residential mortgage loans limit the market for and liquidity of many mortgage loans. The effects of mortgage market challenges, combined with reductions in residential real estate market prices and reduced levels of home sales, could affect the value of collateral securing mortgage loans that we hold, mortgage loan originations and profits on sales of mortgage loans. Such conditions could result in higher losses or charge-offs in our mortgage loan portfolio and other lines of business. Declines in real estate values, home sale volumes, financial stress on borrowers as a result of job losses, interest rate resets on adjustable rate mortgage loans or other factors could have further effects on borrowers that could result in higher delinquencies and greater charge-offs in future periods, which would affect our financial condition or results of operations. Additionally, declines in real estate values might affect the creditworthiness of state and local governments, resulting in decreased profitability or credit losses from loans made to such governments. A decline in home values or overall economic weakness could also have an impact upon the value of real estate or other assets which we own upon foreclosing a loan and our ability to realize value on such assets. 
 
 12 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

 Changes in market interest rates or capital markets could affect our revenues and expenses, the value of assets and obligations, and the availability and cost of capital or liquidity. 
 
 Given the nature of our business, and the fact that most of our assets and liabilities are financial in nature, we tend to be sensitive to market interest rate movements and the performance of the financial markets. Our primary source of income is net interest income, which is the difference between the interest income generated by our interest-earning assets (consisting primarily of loans and, to a lesser extent, securities) and the interest expense generated by our interest-bearing liabilities. Prevailing economic conditions, fiscal and monetary policies and the policies of various regulatory agencies all affect market rates of interest and the availability and cost of credit, which, in turn, significantly affect financial institutions net interest income. If the interest we pay on deposits and other borrowings increases at a faster rate than increases in the interest we receive on loans and investments, net interest income, and, therefore, our earnings, could be affected. Earnings and capital levels could also be affected if the interest we receive on loans and other investments falls more quickly than the interest we pay on deposits and other borrowings. 
 
 In addition to the general impact of the economy, changes in interest rates or in valuations in the debt or equity markets could directly impact us in one or more of the following ways: 
 
 the yield on earning assets and rates paid on interest bearing liabilities may change in disproportionate ways; 
 the value of certain balance sheet and off-balance sheet financial instruments or the value of equity investments that we hold could decline; 
 the value of assets for which we provide processing services could decline; 
 the demand for loans and refinancings may decline, which could negatively impact income related to loan originations; or 
 to the extent we access capital markets to raise funds to support our business, such changes could affect the cost of such funds or the ability to raise such funds. 
 
 Although we have implemented procedures we believe will reduce the potential effects of changes in interest rates on our results of operations, these procedures may not always be successful. In addition, any substantial or prolonged change in market interest rates could affect our financial condition, results of operations and liquidity. During 2022, the target fed funds rate increased by 425 basis points. Because the First Financial balance sheet is asset sensitive, these interest rate increases resulted in 67.0 million of incremental net income in 2022. Additional increases are projected for 2023, although it is not clear how much longer, or by how much, rates will rise. 
 
 We may be impacted by the transition from LIBOR as a reference rate. 
 
 The London Interbank Offered Rate (LIBOR) has been used extensively in the United States and globally as a benchmark for various commercial and financial contracts, including adjustable rate mortgages, corporate debt, interest rate swaps and other derivative financial instruments. LIBOR is set based on interest rate information reported by certain banks, which are set to stop reporting such information after June 30, 2023. In the United States, the Alternative Reference Rate Committee (ARRC) has endorsed the use of a Secured Overnight Funding Rate (SOFR) as the set of alternative United States dollar reference interest rates. SOFR is different from LIBOR in that it is a backward looking secured rate rather than a forward looking unsecured rate. 
 
 These differences could lead to a greater disconnect between our costs to raise funds for SOFR as compared to LIBOR. For cash products and loans, ARRC has also recognized Term SOFR, which is a forward looking SOFR based on SOFR futures and may in part reduce differences between SOFR and LIBOR. There are operational issues which may create a delay in the transition to SOFR or other substitute indices, leading to uncertainty across the industry. 
 
 First Financial has established a working group to manage the LIBOR transition process. The working group has identified all LIBOR-related contracts and determined which will require amended language to incorporate a substitute reference rate. The working group has also developed and implemented flexible language regarding reference rates for all new loan products and agreements. First Financial ceased originating any loans that reference LIBOR at the beginning of 2022 and is in the process of amending all existing loan documents that reference LIBOR as the index rate to allow for the substitution of Term SOFR or another reference rate and does not anticipate any material issues with transitioning away from LIBOR by June 30, 2023. 
 
 13 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

 Declining values of real estate, increases in unemployment, insurance market disruptions and the related effects on local economies may increase our credit losses, which could negatively affect our financial results. 
 
 We offer a variety of secured loans, including commercial lines of credit, commercial term loans, real estate, construction, home equity, consumer and other loans. Many of our loans are secured by real estate (both residential and commercial) within our market area. A major change in the real estate market, such as deterioration in the value of collateral, or in the local or national economy, could affect our customers' ability to pay these loans, which in turn could impact our results of operations and financial condition. Additionally, increases in unemployment also may affect the ability of certain clients to repay loans and the financial results of commercial clients in localities with higher unemployment, may result in loan defaults and foreclosures and may impair the value of our collateral. This is especially relevant in light of the sustained inflation and rising interest rates experienced in 2022. Loan defaults and foreclosures are unavoidable in the banking industry, and we try to limit our exposure to this risk by monitoring carefully our extensions of credit. Additionally, a concentration of natural disasters or a significant disruption in the insurance market could impact the risk relating to our insurance lending business. We cannot fully eliminate credit risk, and as a result, credit losses may increase in the future. 
 
 Our financial instruments carried at fair value expose us to certain market risks. 
 
 We maintain an available-for-sale investment securities portfolio, which includes assets with various types of instruments and maturities. At times, we also maintain certain assets that are classified and accounted for as trading assets. The changes in fair value of available-for-sale securities are recognized in shareholders' equity as a component of other comprehensive income. The changes in fair value of financial instruments classified as trading assets are carried at fair value with changes in fair value recognized in earnings. The fair value of financial instruments carried at fair value is exposed to market risks related to changes in interest rates and market liquidity. We manage the market risks associated with these instruments through broad asset/liability management strategies. Changes in the market values of these financial instruments could have a material impact on our financial condition or results of operations. We may classify additional financial assets or financial liabilities at fair value in the future. 
 
 The economic impact of COVID-19 or any other pandemic could adversely affect our business, financial condition, liquidity, and results of operations . 
 
 COVID-19 has negatively impacted global, national and local economies, disrupted global supply chains, created significant volatility and disruption in financial markets. The extent to which COVID-19 will continue to impact our business, results of operations, and financial condition, as well as our regulatory capital and liquidity ratios, will depend on future developments, which are highly uncertain and cannot be predicted. As of December 31, 2022, we hold and service PPP loans. In the event there was a deficiency in the manner in which we originated, funded or serviced PPP loans, the SBA may deny its liability under the guaranty for the PPP Loans, reduce the amount of the guaranty, or, if the SBA has already paid under the guaranty, seek recovery of any loss related to the deficiency. 
 
 Risks Related to Our Business 
 
 When we loan money, commit to loan money or enter into a letter of credit or other contract with a counterparty, we incur credit risk, or the risk of loss if our borrowers do not repay their loans or our counterparties fail to perform according to the terms of their contracts. 
 
 Since lending is one of our primary business activities, the credit quality of our portfolio can have a significant impact on our earnings. We estimate and establish reserves for credit risks we reasonably expect to occur over the expected life of our loan portfolio. This process, which is critical to our financial results and condition, requires difficult, subjective and complex judgments, including reviews of economic conditions and how these economic conditions might impair the ability of our borrowers to repay their loans. As is the case with any such assessments, there is always the chance that we will fail to identify the proper factors or that we will fail to accurately estimate the impacts of factors that we identify. In addition, large loans, letters of credit and contracts with individual counterparties in our portfolio magnify the credit risk that we face, as the impact of large borrowers and counterparties not repaying their loans or performing according to the terms of their contracts has a disproportionately significant impact on our credit losses and reserves. 
 
 The information that we use in managing our credit risk may be inaccurate or incomplete, which may result in an increased risk of default and otherwise have an effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. 
 
 14 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

 In deciding whether to extend credit or enter into other transactions with clients and counterparties, we may rely on information furnished by or on behalf of clients and counterparties, including financial statements and other financial information. We also may rely on representations of clients and counterparties as to the accuracy and completeness of that information and, with respect to financial statements, on reports of independent auditors. Although we regularly review our credit exposure to specific clients and counterparties and to specific industries that we believe may present credit concerns, default risk may arise from events or circumstances that are difficult to detect, such as fraud. Moreover, such circumstances, including fraud, may become more likely to occur or be detected in periods of general economic uncertainty. We may also fail to receive full information with respect to the risks of a counterparty. In addition, in cases where we have extended credit against collateral, we may find that we are under-secured, for example, as a result of sudden declines in market values that reduce the value of collateral or due to fraud with respect to such collateral. If such events or circumstances were to occur, it could result in a potential loss of revenue and have an effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. 
 
 Our allowance for credit losses may prove to be insufficient to absorb losses in our loan portfolio. 
 
 We maintain an allowance for credit losses that we believe is a reasonable estimate of the expected losses over the expected life of the loan portfolio based on a CECL model. We believe that our allowance for credit losses is maintained at a level adequate to absorb expected losses over the life of the loans in the loan portfolio as of the corresponding balance sheet date. However, our allowance for credit losses may not be sufficient to cover actual credit losses, and future provision for credit losses could materially affect our operating results. The accounting measurements related to the allowance for credit losses require significant estimates which are subject to uncertainty and change related to new information and changing circumstances. Management estimates the allowance using relevant available information from both internal and external sources, relating to past events, current conditions and reasonable and supportable forecasts. Historical credit loss experience paired with economic forecasts provide the basis for the quantitatively modeled estimation of expected credit losses. First Financial adjusts its quantitative model, as necessary, to reflect conditions not already considered by such model. Our estimates of the risk of loss and amount of loss on any loan are complicated by the significant uncertainties surrounding our borrowers abilities to successfully execute their business models through changing economic environments, competitive challenges and other factors. Because of the degree of uncertainty and susceptibility of these factors to change, our actual losses may vary from our current estimates. 
 
 In addition, bank regulators periodically review our allowance for credit losses and may require us to increase our provision for credit losses or recognize further loan charge-offs. Moreover, the Financial Accounting Standards Board (FASB) has changed its requirements for establishing the allowance for credit losses. The new accounting guidance requires banks to record, at the time of origination, credit losses expected throughout the life of the asset on loans, leases and held-to-maturity debt securities, as opposed to the previous practice of recording losses when it was probable that a loss event had occurred. Under the CECL model, we are required to use historical information, current conditions and reasonable and supportable forecasts to estimate the expected credit losses. If the methodologies and assumptions we use in the CECL model prove to be incorrect, or inadequate, the allowance for credit losses may not be sufficient, resulting in the need for additional allowance for credit losses to be established, which could have a material adverse impact on our financial condition and results of operations. We adopted the CECL accounting guidance in 2020 and recognized a one-time cumulative effect adjustment to our allowance for credit losses and retained earnings as of January 1, 2020. Concurrent with the enactment of the CARES Act, federal bank regulatory agencies issued an interim final rule that delays the estimated impact on regulatory capital resulting from the adoption of CECL. The interim final rule provided banking organizations that implemented CECL prior to the end of 2020 the option to delay for two years the estimated impact of CECL on regulatory capital relative to regulatory capital determined under the prior incurred loss methodology, followed by a three-year transition period to phase out the aggregate amount of capital benefit provided during the initial two-year delay. 
 
 We adopted CECL in the first quarter of 2020, including the regulatory phase-in. CECL implementation poses operational risk, including the failure to properly transition internal processes or systems, which could lead to errors, financial misstatements or operational losses. As a result of CECL, our financial results may be negatively affected as soon as weak or deteriorating economic conditions are forecasted and alter our expectations for credit losses. In 2021, we were able to reverse previous provision expense of 19.0 million as the credit conditions related to COVID-19 were not as significant as originally anticipated. In 2022, we recorded 6.7 million of provision expense as our loan portfolio grew and the overall duration of the portfolio extended due to rising interest rates. Depending upon future COVID-19 variants and circumstances, as well as broader macroeconomic shifts, we may incur significant provision expense for credit losses in future periods. 
 
 15 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

 Projections for new business initiatives and strategies may prove inaccurate. 
 
 The introduction, implementation, withdrawal, success and timing of business initiatives and strategies, including, but not limited to, the opening of new banking centers or entering into new product lines, may be less successful or may be different than anticipated, which could affect our business. The Bank makes certain projections and develops plans and strategies for its banking and financial products. If we do not accurately determine demand for our banking and financial products, it could result in us incurring significant expenses without the anticipated increases in revenue, which could result in a material effect on the Bank s business and/or capital. 
 
 We may be required to repurchase mortgage loans or indemnify mortgage loan purchasers as a result of breaches of representations and warranties, borrower fraud, or certain borrower defaults, which could harm our liquidity, results of operations and financial condition. 
 
 When we sell mortgage loans, whether as whole loans or pursuant to a securitization, we are required to make customary representations and warranties to the purchaser about the mortgage loans and the manner in which they were originated. Our whole loan sale agreements require us to repurchase or substitute mortgage loans in the event we breach any of these representations or warranties. In addition, we may be required to repurchase mortgage loans as a result of borrower fraud. While we have taken steps to enhance our underwriting policies and procedures, there can be no assurance that these steps will be effective or reduce risk associated with loans sold in the past. If the level of repurchase and indemnity activity becomes material, our liquidity, results of operations and financial condition may be affected. 
 
 Competition in the financial services industry is intense and could result in our losing business and/or key personnel or experiencing reduced margins. 
 
 We operate in a highly competitive industry that could become even more competitive as a result of legislative, regulatory and technological changes, and continued consolidation. We face aggressive competition from other domestic and foreign lending institutions as well as from numerous other providers of financial services. The ability of non-banking financial institutions to provide services previously limited to commercial banks has intensified competition. Because non-banking financial institutions are not subject to the same regulatory restrictions as banks and bank holding companies, they can often operate with greater flexibility and lower cost structures. Securities firms and insurance companies that elect to become financial holding companies may acquire banks and other financial institutions. These developments may significantly change the competitive environment in which we conduct business. Some of our competitors have greater financial resources and/or face fewer regulatory constraints, such as Financial Technology Companies, or FinTechs. Credit unions that compete with us have regulatory and other advantages that allow them to price products and services more competitively. As a result of these various sources of competition, we could lose loan, deposit, or other types of business to competitors or be forced to price products and services on less advantageous terms to retain or attract clients, either of which could affect our profitability. 
 
 The principal bases for competition are pricing (including the interest rates charged on loans or paid on interest bearing deposits), product structure, the range of products and services offered, and the quality of customer service (including convenience and responsiveness to customer needs and concerns). The ability to access and use technology is an increasingly important competitive factor in the financial services industry, and it is a critically important component to customer satisfaction as it affects our ability to deliver the right products and services. For example, digital or cryptocurrencies, blockchain, and other FinTech technologies that are designed to enhance transactional security have the potential to disrupt the financial industry, change the way banks do business, and reduce the need for banks as financial deposit-keepers and intermediaries. 
 
 Another increasingly competitive factor in the financial services industry is the competition to attract and retain talented employees across many of our business and support areas, many of whom are key to executing our strategic plan and to maintaining relationships with the customers and communities they serve. This competition could lead to adverse effects on our business, financial condition, or operating results and could also cause us to not pursue certain business opportunities. 
 
 Failure to adequately address the competitive pressures we face could make it harder for us to attract and retain customers across our businesses. Similarly, meeting these competitive pressures could require us to incur significant additional expense, to reevaluate the number of branches through which we serve our customers, or to accept risk beyond what we would otherwise view as desirable under the circumstances. In addition, in our interest rate sensitive business, pressure to increase rates on deposits or decrease rates on loans could reduce our net interest margin with a resulting negative impact on our net interest income. 
 16 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

Clients could pursue alternatives to bank deposits, causing us to lose a relatively inexpensive source of funding. 
 
 Checking and savings account balances and other forms of client deposits could decrease if clients perceive alternative investments as providing superior expected returns. Consumers may move money out of bank deposits in favor of other investments, including digital or cryptocurrency. When clients move money out of bank deposits in favor of alternative investments, we can lose a relatively inexpensive source of funds, increasing our funding costs. 
 
 Consumers may decide not to use banks to complete their financial transactions, or deposit funds electronically with banks having no branches within our market area, which could affect net income. 
 
 Technology and other changes allow parties to complete financial transactions without banks. For example, consumers can pay bills and transfer funds directly without banks. Consumers can also shop for higher deposit interest rates at banks across the country, which may offer higher rates because they have few or no physical branches and open deposit accounts electronically. This process could result in the loss of fee income and client deposits and could increase our funding costs. 
 
 Our wealth management business subjects us to a variety of investment and market risks. 
 
 At December 31, 2022, we had 3.2 billion in assets under management. A sharp decline or heightened volatility in the stock market could negatively impact the value of investments held by the bank's wealth management clients, which in turn impacts the amount of assets under management and subjects our earnings to additional risks and uncertainties. As our wealth management business grows, we may also face operational risk resulting from inadequate or failed internal processes, systems or errors, and regulatory risk, which could result in penalties or restrictions due to non-compliance with laws and regulations. 
 
 Our foreign exchange business is largely dependent upon a small number of large clients and market volatility. 
 
 In August 2019, First Financial acquired Bannockburn, which is engaged in various foreign exchange market activities. Bannockburn s business model relies, to some extent, upon a small number of large clients engaged in foreign currency transactions. The loss of one or more of these large clients would adversely affect the revenue derived from Bannockburn. Additionally, foreign currency transactions historically increase as market volatility increases. Sustained periods of stability in global financial markets could adversely affect Bannockburn s revenue. Other risks and uncertainties related to our foreign exchange business include the risk that foreign exchange rates may move in an unfavorable direction, leading to losses for the bank; the risk that a client may default on its payment obligations, resulting in losses for the bank; the risk that our systems for managing foreign exchange market activities could be inadequate or fail as a result of processes, systems or human error; and the risk of regulatory penalties or restrictions due to non-compliance with laws and regulations related to foreign exchange transactions. Our foreign exchange business is also susceptible to the risk that political events or changes in government policies could negatively impact the bank's matched book business. 
 
 Negative public opinion could damage our reputation and impact business operations and revenues. 
 
 As a financial institution, our earnings and capital are subject to risks associated with negative public opinion. Negative public opinion could result from our actual or alleged conduct in any number of activities, including lending practices, the failure of any of our products or services to meet our clients expectations or applicable regulatory requirements, corporate governance and acquisitions, social media and other marketing activities, and the implementation of environmental, social and governance practices or actions taken by government regulators and community organizations in response to any of the foregoing. Negative public opinion could affect our ability to attract and/or retain clients, could expose us to litigation and regulatory action, and could have a material adverse effect on our stock price or result in heightened volatility. Negative public opinion could also affect our ability to borrow funds in the unsecured wholesale debt markets. 
 
 We rely on other companies to provide key components of our business infrastructure, creating risks of failures by such companies and cybersecurity incidents involving our customers information. 
 
 Third parties provide key components of our business infrastructure, such as processing and Internet connections and network access. These vendors also provide services that support our operations, including the storage and processing of sensitive consumer and business customer data, as well as our sales efforts. Any disruption in such services provided by these third parties or any failure of these third parties to handle current or higher volumes could affect our ability to deliver products and services to clients and to efficiently and effectively conduct our business. Technological or financial difficulties of a third-party 
 17 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

 service provider could affect our business to the extent such difficulties result in the interruption or discontinuation of services provided by that party. 
 
 A cybersecurity breach of a vendor's system may result in theft of our data or disruption of business processes. A material breach of customer data security at a service provider's site may negatively impact our business reputation and cause a loss of customers, result in increased expense to contain the event and/or require that we provide credit monitoring services for affected customers, result in regulatory fines and sanctions, and may result in litigation. We may experience liability to our customers for losses arising from a breach of a vendor's data security system. We rely on our outsourced service providers to implement and maintain prudent cybersecurity controls. Furthermore, we may not be insured against all types of losses as a result of third-party failures, and our insurance coverage may be inadequate to cover all losses resulting from system failures or other disruptions. Failures in our business infrastructure could interrupt the operations or increase the costs of doing business. 
 
 We rely on our systems, employees and certain counterparties, and certain failures could affect our operations. 
 
 We are exposed to many types of operational risk, including the risk of fraud by employees and outsiders, clerical and record-keeping errors, and computer/telecommunications systems malfunctions. Our business is dependent on our ability to process a large number of increasingly complex transactions. If any of our financial, accounting or other data processing systems fail or have other significant shortcomings, we could be affected. We depend on internal systems and outsourced technology to support these data storage and processing operations. Our inability to use or access these information systems at critical points in time could unfavorably impact the timeliness and efficiency of our business operations. In recent years, some banks have experienced denial of service attacks in which individuals or organizations flood the bank's website with extraordinarily high volumes of traffic, with the goal and effect of disrupting the ability of the bank to process transactions. 
 
 Additionally, we could be affected if one of our employees or a third-party service provider causes a significant operational break-down or failure, either as a result of human error or where an individual purposefully sabotages or fraudulently manipulates our operations or systems. We are also at risk of an impact on our systems and operations from natural disasters, terrorism, and international hostilities. Such events can also impact power or communications systems operated by others on which we rely. 
 
 Misconduct by employees could include fraudulent, improper, or unauthorized activities on behalf of clients or improper use of confidential information. We may not be able to prevent employee or third-party errors or misconduct, and the precautions we take to detect this type of activity might not be effective in all cases. Employee errors or misconduct could subject us to civil claims for negligence or regulatory enforcement actions, including fines and restrictions on our business. 
 
 In addition, there have been instances where financial institutions have been victims of fraudulent activity in which criminals pose as customers to initiate wire and automated clearinghouse transactions out of customer accounts. Although we have policies and procedures in place to verify the authenticity of our customers, we cannot assure that such policies and procedures will prevent all fraudulent transfers. Such activity can result in financial liability and harm to our reputation. 
 
 Unauthorized disclosure of sensitive or confidential client or customer information, whether through a breach of our computer systems or otherwise, or other breaches in the security of our systems could harm our business. 
 
 As part of our business, we collect, process, and retain sensitive and confidential client and customer information on behalf of our subsidiaries and other third parties. Despite the security measures we have in place, our facilities and systems, and those of our third-party service providers, may be vulnerable to security breaches, acts of vandalism, computer viruses, malware, ransomware, theft of information, misplaced or lost data, programming and/or human errors, or other similar events. If information security is breached, information can be lost or misappropriated, resulting in financial loss or costs to us or damages to others. Our systems can be rendered inoperable, resulting in our inability to provide service to our customers. Any security breach involving the misappropriation, loss, destruction or unauthorized disclosure of confidential customer information, whether by us or by our vendors, could severely damage our reputation, expose us to the risk of litigation and liability, disrupt our operations and have a material effect on our business. 
 
 Cybersecurity risk management programs are expensive to maintain and will not protect us from all risks associated with maintaining the security of customer data and our proprietary data from external and internal intrusions, disaster recovery and failures in the controls used by our vendors. Employee error or misconduct may result in failure to implement policies and procedures designed to avoid risks. Moreover, as technology and cyberattacks change over time, we must continually monitor and change systems to guard against new threats. We may not know of and be able to guard against a new threat until after an attack has occurred. Congress and the legislatures of states in which we operate regularly consider legislation that would impose more stringent data privacy requirements. 
 18 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

Any of these occurrences could result in our diminished ability to operate one or more of our businesses, potential liability to clients, reputational damage and regulatory intervention in the form of requirements, restrictions and penalties, which could affect us our business and results of operations. 
 
 We may not pay dividends on our common shares. 
 
 Holders of our common shares are only entitled to receive such dividends as our Board of Directors may declare out of funds legally available for such payments. Although we have historically declared cash dividends on our common shares, we are not required to do so and may reduce or eliminate our common share dividend in the future. Additionally, our funds to pay dividends on common shares are dependent upon dividends paid to us by the Bank, which are subject to regulatory restrictions. A reduction in our dividend rate could affect the market price of our common shares. 
 
 Our liquidity is dependent upon our ability to receive dividends from our subsidiaries, which accounts for most of our revenue and could affect our ability to pay dividends, and we may be unable to provide liquidity from other sources. 
 
 We are a separate and distinct legal entity from our subsidiaries, notably the Bank. We receive substantially all of our revenue from dividends from our subsidiaries. These dividends are the principal source of funds to pay dividends on our common shares and interest and principal on outstanding debt. Various federal and/or state laws and regulations limit or restrict the amount of dividends that the Bank and certain of our non-bank subsidiaries may pay us. Additionally, if our subsidiaries earnings are not sufficient to make dividend payments to us while maintaining adequate capital levels, we may not be able to make dividend payments to our common shareholders. As of December 31, 2022, the Bank had 219.3 million available to pay dividends to First Financial without prior regulatory approval. 
 
 To enhance liquidity, we may borrow under credit facilities or from other sources. Turbulence in the capital and credit markets may cause many lenders and institutional investors to reduce or cease to provide funding to borrowers and, as a result, we may not be able to further increase liquidity through additional borrowings. 
 
 Limitations on our ability to receive dividends from our subsidiaries or an inability to increase liquidity through additional borrowings, or inability to maintain, renew or replace existing credit facilities, could have a material effect on our liquidity and on our ability to pay dividends on our common shares and interest and principal on our debt. 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, we had indebtedness of 1.6 billion. 
 
 Disruptions in our ability to access capital markets on desirable terms may affect our capital resources, liquidity and business. 
 
 We depend on wholesale capital markets to provide us with sufficient capital resources and liquidity to meet our commitments and business needs, and to accommodate the transaction and cash management needs of our clients. Other sources of funding available to us, and upon which we rely as regular components of our liquidity risk management strategy, include inter-bank borrowings, repurchase agreements, and borrowings from the Federal Home Loan Bank system. Any occurrence that may limit our access to these sources on acceptable or desirable terms, such as a decline in the confidence of debt purchasers, a downgrade in our credit rating, or a downgrade in the credit rating of our depositors or counterparties participating in the capital markets, may affect our capital costs and our ability to raise capital and, in turn, our liquidity. 
 
 In addition, prior debt offerings could potentially have important consequences to us and our debt and equity investors, including: 
 requiring a substantial portion of our cash flow from operations to make interest payments; 
 making it more difficult to satisfy debt service and other obligations; 
 increasing the risk of a future credit ratings downgrade of our debt, which could increase future debt costs and limit the future availability of debt financing; 
 increasing our vulnerability to general adverse economic and industry conditions; 
 reducing the cash flow available to fund capital expenditures and other corporate purposes and to grow our business; 
 limiting our flexibility in planning for, or reacting to, changes in our business and the industry; 
 placing us at a competitive disadvantage relative to our competitors that may not be as highly leveraged with debt; and 
 limiting our ability to borrow additional funds as needed or take advantage of business opportunities as they arise, pay cash dividends or repurchase securities. 
 19 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

We continue to evaluate these risks on an ongoing basis. 
 
 Significant or sustained declines in our current market capitalization could impact the carrying value of our goodwill. 
 
 Numerous facts and circumstances are considered when evaluating the carrying value of our goodwill. One of those considerations is our market capitalization, which is evaluated over a reasonable period of time and compared to the aggregate estimated fair value of the reporting unit. While this comparison provides some relative market information regarding the estimated fair value of our reporting unit, it is not determinative and needs to be evaluated in the context of the current economic and political environment. However, significant and/or sustained declines in First Financial s market capitalization, especially in relation to First Financial s book value, could be an indication of potential impairment of goodwill. 
 
 Other considerations include forecasts of revenues and expenses derived from internal management projections for a period of five years, changes in working capital estimates, company specific discount rate derived from a rate build up approach, externally sourced bank peer group market multiples and externally sourced bank peer group change in control premium, all of which are highly subjective and require significant management judgment. Changes in these key assumptions could materially affect our estimate of the reporting unit fair value and could affect our conclusion regarding the existence of potential impairment. 
 
 A reduction in our credit rating could affect us or the holders of our securities. 
 
 The credit rating agencies assessing our creditworthiness regularly evaluate the Company, and credit ratings are based on a number of factors, including our financial strength and ability to generate earnings, as well as factors not entirely within our control, including changes in rating methodologies and conditions affecting the financial services industry and the economy. There can be no assurance that we will maintain our current credit rating. A downgrade of the credit rating of the Company could affect our access to liquidity and capital, and could significantly increase our cost of funds, trigger additional collateral or funding requirements and decrease the number of investors and counterparties willing to lend to us or purchase our securities. This could affect our growth, profitability and financial condition, including liquidity. 
 
 Potential acquisitions may disrupt our business and dilute shareholder value, and we may not be able to successfully consummate or integrate such acquisitions. 
 
 We may acquire other financial institutions, or branches or assets of other financial institutions, in the future. We may also open new branches and enter into new lines of business or offer new products or services. Any such expansion of our business will involve a number of expenses and risks, which may include: 
 
 the time and expense associated with identifying and evaluating potential expansions; 
 the potential inaccuracy of estimates and judgments used to evaluate credit, operations, management and market risk with respect to the target company; 
 potential exposure to unknown or contingent liabilities of the target company; 
 exposure to potential asset quality issues of the target company; 
 difficulty and expense of integrating the operations and personnel of the target company; 
 difficulty or added costs in the wind-down of non-strategic operations; 
 potential disruption to our business; 
 potential diversion of our management s time and attention; 
 the possible loss of key employees and customers of the target company; 
 difficulty in estimating the value (including goodwill) of the target company; 
 difficulty in receiving appropriate regulatory approval for any proposed transaction; and 
 potential changes in banking, or tax laws or regulations or accounting rules that may affect the target company. 
 
 We regularly evaluate merger and acquisition opportunities and conduct due diligence activities related to possible transactions with other financial institutions and financial services companies. Acquisitions could involve the payment of a premium over book and market values, and, therefore, dilution of our tangible book value and net income per common share may occur in connection with any such transaction. Furthermore, any difficulty integrating businesses acquired as a result of a merger or acquisition and the failure to realize the expected revenue increases, cost savings, increases in geographic or product presence, 
 20 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

 and/or other projected benefits from an acquisition could have an impact on our liquidity, results of operations and financial condition and any such integration could divert management s time and attention from managing our company in an effective manner. 
 
 Any merger or acquisition opportunity that we decide to pursue will ultimately be subject to regulatory approval or other closing conditions. We may expend substantial time and resources pursuing potential acquisitions which may not be consummated because regulatory approval or other closing requirements are not satisfied. Additionally, the banking regulators and applicable laws and regulations may restrict our ability to engage in acquisitions under certain circumstances. 
 
 Our accounting policies and processes are critical to how we report our financial condition and results of operations. They require management to make estimates about matters that are uncertain. 
 
 Accounting policies and processes are fundamental to how we record and report our financial condition and results of operations. Management must exercise judgment in selecting and applying many of these accounting policies and processes so they comply with GAAP in the United States. 
 
 Management has identified certain accounting policies as being critical because they require management s judgment to ascertain the valuations of assets, liabilities, commitments and contingencies. A variety of factors could affect the ultimate valuation that is made when recording income, recognizing an expense, recovering an asset, valuing an asset or liability, or reducing a liability. We have established detailed policies and control procedures that are intended to ensure these critical accounting estimates and judgments are well controlled and applied consistently. In addition, our policies and procedures are intended to ensure that the process for changing methodologies occurs in an appropriate manner. Because of the uncertainty surrounding our judgments and the estimates pertaining to these matters, we cannot guarantee that we will not be required to adjust accounting policies or re-state prior period financial statements. 
 
 See the Critical Accounting Estimates in the Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations and Note 1- Summary of Significant Accounting Policies in the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements, in our 2022 Annual Report to Shareholders (included within Exhibit 13 to this Form 10-K) for more information. 
 
 Changes in our accounting policies or in accounting standards could materially affect how we report our financial results and condition. 
 
 From time to time, the FASB, SEC and other regulatory agencies change the financial accounting and reporting guidance that governs the preparation of our financial statements. These changes can be hard to predict and can materially impact how we record and report our financial condition and results of operations. In some cases, we could be required to apply a new or revised standard retroactively, resulting in us restating prior period financial statements. 
 
 In June 2016, FASB issued CECL. CECL was expected to result in earlier recognition of credit losses and required consideration of not only past and current events but also reasonable and supportable forecasts that affect collectability. The Bank became subject to the new standard in the first quarter of 2020. Concurrent with the enactment of the CARES Act, federal banking agencies issued an interim final rule that delays the estimated impact on regulatory capital resulting from the adoption of CECL. The interim final rule provided banking organizations that implemented CECL prior to the end of 2020 the option to delay for two years the estimated impact of CECL on regulatory capital relative to regulatory capital determined under the prior incurred loss methodology, followed by a three-year transition period to phase out the aggregate amount of capital benefit provided during the initial two-year delay. The CECL standard requires financial institutions to determine periodic estimates of lifetime expected credit losses on loans and recognize the expected credit losses as allowances for credit losses. See Note 2 - Accounting Standards Recently Adopted or Issued and Note 6 - Allowance for Credit Losses in the Company's Form 10-K for further information regarding the Company's adoption of CECL and the corresponding allowance for credit losses. 
 
 Our disclosure controls and procedures may not prevent or detect all errors or acts of fraud. 
 
 Our disclosure controls and procedures are designed to reasonably assure that information required to be disclosed by us in reports we file or submit under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (Exchange Act) is accurately accumulated and communicated to management, and recorded, processed, summarized, and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms. We believe that any disclosure controls and procedures or internal controls and procedures, no matter how well conceived and operated, can provide only reasonable, not absolute, assurance that the objectives of management's system of controls are met. 
 21 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

These inherent limitations include the realities that judgments in decision making can be faulty, that alternative reasoned judgments can be drawn, or that breakdowns can occur because of a simple error or mistake. Additionally, controls can be circumvented by the individual acts of some persons, by collusion of two or more people or by an unauthorized override of the controls. Accordingly, because of the inherent limitations in management's system of controls, misstatements due to error or fraud may occur and not be detected. 
 
 Our revenues derived from investment securities may be volatile and subject to a variety of risks. 
 
 We generally maintain investment securities and trading positions in the fixed income markets. Unrealized gains and losses associated with our investment portfolio and mark to market gains and losses associated with our investment portfolio are affected by many factors, including our credit position, interest rate volatility and volatility in capital markets, among other economic factors. Our return on such investments could experience volatility, and such volatility may affect our financial condition and results of operations. Additionally, accounting regulations may require us to record a charge prior to the actual realization of a loss when market valuations of such securities are impaired and such impairment is considered to be other than temporary. 
 
 Risks Related to the Legal and Regulatory Environment 
 
 Regulatory actions could impact our ability to compete for new business, constrain our ability to fund our liquidity needs and increase the cost of our services. 
 
 First Financial and its subsidiaries are subject to the supervision and regulation of various state and federal regulators, including the Federal Reserve Board, the FDIC, the SEC, the CFPB, the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority, and the ODFI. As such, we are subject to a wide variety of laws and regulations. As part of their supervisory process, which includes periodic examinations and continuous monitoring, the regulators have the authority to impose restrictions or conditions on our activities and the manner in which we operate our business. These actions could impact the Company and the Bank in a variety of ways, including subjecting us to fines, restricting our ability to pay dividends, precluding mergers or acquisitions, limiting our ability to offer certain products or services, or imposing additional capital, operating, or oversight requirements. Additionally, actions by regulatory agencies against us could cause us to devote significant time and resources to defending our business and may lead to penalties that materially affect us and our shareholders. Even the reduction of regulatory restrictions could have an adverse effect on us and our shareholders if such lessening of restrictions increases competition within our industry or our market area. 
 
 Increasing scrutiny and evolving expectations from customers, regulators, investors, and other stakeholders with respect to our environmental, social and governance practices may impose additional costs on us or expose us to new or additional risks. 
 
 Financial institutions are facing increasing scrutiny from customers, regulators, investors, and other stakeholders related to their environmental, social and governance (ESG) practices and disclosure. Investor advocacy groups, investment funds and influential investors are also increasingly focused on these practices, especially as they relate to the environment, health and safety, diversity, labor conditions and human rights. Increased ESG-related compliance costs for us as well as among our third-party suppliers, vendors and various other parties within our supply chain could result in increases to our overall operational costs. Failure to adapt to or comply with regulatory requirements or investor or stakeholder expectations and standards could negatively impact our reputation, ability to do business with certain partners, access to capital, and the price of our common shares. 
 
 General Risk Factors 
 
 Weaknesses of other financial institutions could affect us. 
 
 Our ability to engage in routine funding transactions could be affected by the actions and lack of commercial soundness of other financial institutions. Financial services institutions are interrelated as a result of trading, clearing, and counterparty relationships, among others. As a result, defaults by, or even rumors or questions about, one or more financial services institutions, or the financial services industry in general, have led to market-wide liquidity problems and could lead to losses or defaults by us or by other institutions in the future. A default, or threatened default, of a large institution could negatively impact the entire financial system, and could expose us to credit risk in the event of default of our counterparty or client. In addition, our credit risk may be exacerbated when the collateral held by us cannot be realized upon or is liquidated at prices not 
 22 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

 sufficient to recover the full amount of the financial instrument exposure due us. There is no assurance that any such losses would not affect our financial condition or results of operations. 
 
 Maintaining or increasing market share depends on market acceptance and regulatory approval of new products and services. 
 
 Our success depends, in part, on our ability to adapt products and services to evolving industry standards. There is increasing pressure to provide products and services at lower prices, which can reduce net interest income and noninterest income from fee-based products and services. In addition, the widespread adoption of new technologies, including digital or cryptocurrencies, blockchain, and other fintech technologies, could require us to make substantial capital expenditures to modify or adapt existing products and services or develop new products and services. We may not be successful in introducing new products and services in response to industry trends or developments in technology or those new products may not achieve market acceptance. As a result, we could lose business, be forced to price products and services on less advantageous terms to retain or attract clients or be subject to increased costs. 
 
 The fiscal and monetary policies of the United States government and its agencies could have an effect on our earnings. 
 
 The Federal Reserve Board regulates the supply of money and credit in the United States. Its policies determine in large part the cost of funds for lending and investing and the returns earned on those loans and investments, both of which affect the net interest margin. The resultant changes in interest rates can also materially affect the value of certain financial assets we hold, such as debt securities. For example, in 2022, the Federal Reserve Open Markets Committee increased the target fed funds rate by 425 basis points resulting in the Bank's net interest margin on a fully tax equivalent basis increasing from 3.31 to 3.77 comprised of a 71 basis point increase in earning asset yields and a 36 basis point increase in total cost of interest-bearing liabilities. At the same time, accumulated other comprehensive loss increased from 0.4 million in 2021 to 358.7 million in 2022, driven by a decline in the valuation of available for sale securities. The policies of the Federal Reserve Board can adversely affect borrowers, and increase default risk on their loans. Changes in Federal Reserve Board policies are beyond our control and difficult to predict; consequently, the impact of these changes on our activities and results of operations is difficult to predict. 
 
 Changes in tax laws could affect our performance. 
 
 We are subject to extensive federal, state and local taxes, including income, excise, sales/use, payroll, property, franchise, withholding and ad valorem taxes. Changes to our tax liability could have a material effect on our results of operations. In addition, our customers are subject to a wide variety of federal, state and local taxes. Changes in taxes paid by our customers may affect their ability to purchase homes or consumer products, which could affect their demand for our loans and deposit products. In addition, such negative effects on our customers could result in defaults on the loans we have made and decrease the value of mortgage-backed securities in which we have invested. 

Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments. 
 None. 

Item 2. Properties. 
 At December 31, 2022, the Company operated 132 full service banking centers, 29 of which are leased facilities. Our core banking operating markets are located within the four state region of Ohio, Indiana, Kentucky and Illinois. First Financial's executive office is a leased facility located in Cincinnati, Ohio and we operate 59 banking centers in Ohio, three banking centers in Illinois, 58 banking centers in Indiana and 12 banking centers in Kentucky. In addition, we operate our Commercial Finance division, responsible for our insurance lending business and franchise lending business, from a non-banking center location in Indiana. 

Item 3. Legal Proceedings. 
 We are from time to time engaged in various litigation matters including the defense of claims of improper or fraudulent loan practices or lending violations, and other matters, and we have a number of unresolved claims pending. In addition, as part of the ordinary course of business, we are parties to litigation involving claims to the ownership of funds in particular accounts, the collection of delinquent accounts, challenges to security interests in collateral, and foreclosure interests, that are incidental to our regular business activities. While the ultimate liability with respect to these other litigation matters and claims cannot be determined at this time, we believe that damages, if any, and other amounts relating to pending matters are not likely to be material to our consolidated financial position or results of operations. Reserves are established for these various matters of litigation, when appropriate under FASB ASC Topic 450, Contingencies, based in part upon the advice of legal counsel. 
 
 23 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures. 
 Not applicable. 
 24 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

Supplemental Item. Information About Our Executive Officers. 
 
 The following table sets forth information concerning the executive officers of First Financial as of February 23, 2023. The executive officers perform policy-making functions for First Financial. The officers are elected annually at the organizational meeting of the board of directors and serve until the next organizational meeting, or until their successors are elected and duly qualified. 
 Position with First Financial Bancorp Age Archie M. Brown President and Chief Executive Officer 62 James M. Anderson EVP, Chief Financial Officer 51 Richard S. Dennen EVP, Chief Corporate Banking Officer 56 John M. Gavigan EVP, Chief Operating Officer 44 Karen B. Woods EVP, General Counsel and Chief Administrative Officer 54 William R. Harrod EVP, Chief Credit Officer 55 Amanda N. Neeley EVP, Chief Consumer Banking and Strategy Officer 42 Gregory A. Harris President, Yellow Cardinal Advisory Group 54 
 
 The following is a brief description of the business experience over the past five years of the individuals named above. 
 
 Archie M. Brown - Archie Brown is the President, Chief Executive Officer and a director of First Financial and the Bank, having been appointed to these positions on April 1, 2018 following First Financial s acquisition of MainSource Financial Group, Inc. Previously, he served as the President and Chief Executive Officer of MainSource from August 2008 until April 2018 and chairman of the board of MainSource from April 2011 until April 2018. 
 
 James M. Anderson - Jamie Anderson became the Chief Financial Officer of First Financial and the Bank on April 1, 2018 following the merger of First Financial and MainSource. Previously Mr. Anderson served as the Chief Financial Officer of MainSource from January 2006 to April 2018. Prior to that role, he served in the following roles at MainSource: Administrative Vice President and Principal Accounting Officer from March 2005 to January 2006, Controller and Principal Accounting Officer from March 2002 to March 2005, and Controller from September 2000 to March 2002. Mr. Anderson is a certified public accountant (inactive). 
 
 Richard S. Dennen - Rick Dennen became the Chief Corporate Banking Officer of First Financial in 2021, responsible for all commercial aspects of the Bank including business capital, investment real estate, treasury management and foreign exchange business. Mr. Dennen remains the CEO of First Commercial Finance, a division of First Financial Bank, which operates under two subsidiaries of the Bank, Oak Street Funding and First Franchise Capital Corporation, a role he has held since 2015. Oak Street Funding is a specialty finance company engaged in lending to insurance agencies, registered investment advisors, certified public accountants, energy and indirect auto financing companies. First Franchise Capital Corporation lends to restaurant franchises. Mr. Dennen is a certified public accountant. 
 
 John M. Gavigan - John Gavigan is the Executive Vice President, Chief Operating Officer for First Financial where he leads the Advanced Solutions and Digital Banking group, which includes Technology, Data Management, Operations, Customer Support, Program Management and Corporate Facilities. Mr. Gavigan was appointed to his current role in late 2018, having previously served as Chief Administrative Officer for the majority of 2018 and Chief Financial Officer from 2014 through early 2018. He joined the Company in 2008 as Assistant Controller and also served as Corporate Controller from 2011 into 2014. Mr. Gavigan is a certified public accountant (inactive). 
 25 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

Karen B. Woods - Karen Woods serves as General Counsel and Chief Administrative Officer of First Financial. She joined First Financial in April 2018 following the merger of First Financial and MainSource and served as General Counsel and Chief Risk Officer from 201-2022. She previously served as Corporate Counsel and Chief Risk Officer of MainSource from January 2016 to April 2018. Prior to joining MainSource, Ms. Woods was a partner at Krieg DeVault LLP in Indianapolis, Indiana. Ms. Woods previously served as a judicial law clerk to the Honorable John G. Baker, Indiana Court of Appeals. 
 
 William R. Harrod - Bill Harrod is the Chief Credit Officer of First Financial, a role he has held since October 2017. He is responsible for managing and monitoring the loan portfolio and other related credit functions in a risk appropriate manner including underwriting, approval, and collections. Mr. Harrod first joined First Financial in 2015 and has held various credit and management positions since then in specialty banking, corporate banking, commercial and industrial lending and commercial finance. 
 
 Amanda N. Neeley - Mandy Neeley is the Chief Consumer Banking and Strategy Officer of First Financial. Ms. Neeley is responsible for the launch and evolution of the First Financial brand, the introduction of the Premier Business Bank acquisition strategy, the advancement of sales and enterprise customer relationship management processes, and development of a formalized strategic planning program. Ms. Neeley has spent her entire career in banking with First Financial, beginning as a part-time teller during college and, after graduating in 2003, Marketing Coordinator. She has held the role of Chief Strategy Officer since 2016 and added the role of Chief Consumer Banking Officer in 2021. 
 
 Gregory A. Harris - Greg Harris serves as the president of Affluent Banking and Yellow Cardinal Advisory Group, a division of First Financial Bank. He is responsible for all aspects of the business line including sales, client experience, investment management, administration, compliance, and operations. Greg joined First Financial in 2009 and has over 32 years of experience in the financial services industry. Prior to joining First Financial, Greg served in various leadership capacities at Touchstone Investments, an institutional mutual fund management company and Fund Project Services, Inc., a financial services M A integration firm he co-founded in 1998. He began his career at Fifth Third Bank as a product manager within the bank's Trust and Investment business. 
 26 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

 PART II 

Item 5 . Market for Registrant's Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities. 
 
 (a) Market information, holders, dividends 
 
 First Financial's common shares are listed on The NASDAQ Global Select Stock Market under the symbol "FFBC." As of February 23, 2023, our common shares were held by approximately 3,810 shareholders of record, a number that does not include beneficial owners who hold shares in street name, or shareholders from previously acquired companies that have not exchanged their stock. At December 31, 2022, a total of stock options and shares of restricted stock were outstanding. Additional information about stock options, restricted stock and restricted stock units is included in Note 21 - Stock Options and Awards in the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements in First Financial s 2022 Annual Report to Shareholders and in Item 12 below. 
 
 The payment of future cash dividends is at the discretion of our Board of Directors and subject to a number of factors, including results of operations, general business conditions, growth, financial condition, regulatory limitation and other factors deemed relevant by the Board. Further, our ability to pay future cash dividends is subject to certain regulatory requirements and restrictions discussed in the Supervision and Regulation section in Item 1 above. For further information see Note 3 - Restrictions on Cash and Dividends in the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements of First Financial's 2022 Annual Report to Shareholders (included as Exhibit 13 of this report), which is incorporated by reference in response to this item. 
 
 Stock Performance Graph 
 
 The stock performance graph contained in Total Return to Shareholders of First Financial's 2022 Annual Report to Shareholders (included as Exhibit 13 of this report), is incorporated herein by reference in response to this item. 
 
 (b) Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds 
 
 None. 
 
 (c) Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 
 In December 2018 the Board approved a stock repurchase plan pursuant to which the Company was authorized to repurchase up to 5,000,000 shares of common stock through December 31, 2020 (the 2018 Stock Repurchase Plan). On December 22, 2020, the Board announced that it had authorized a new, two-year stock repurchase plan (the 2020 Stock Repurchase Plan) that provided for the purchase of up to 5,000,000 additional shares of common stock of the Company. The 2020 Stock Repurchase Plan became effective January 1, 2021, upon the expiration of the 2018 Stock Repurchase Plan. The Board announced on January 27, 2022, that the 2020 Stock Repurchase Plan was terminated effective December 31, 2021, and replaced with a new plan effective January 1, 2022 (the 2022 Stock Repurchase Plan). The 2022 Stock Repurchase Plan authorizes the purchase of up to 5,000,000 shares of common stock and expires on December 31, 2023. The Company did not purchase any shares under the 2022 Stock Repurchase Plan in the fourth quarter of 2022. 

Item 6. [Reserved] 

Item 7. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results Of Operations. 
 The information contained in the Management s Discussion and Analysis section (including certain forward looking statements) of First Financial s 2022 Annual Report to Shareholders (included as Exhibit 13 of this report) is incorporated herein by reference in response to this item. 

Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosure About Market Risk. 
 The information contained in the Market Risk section and in Table 18 - Market Risk Disclosure of the Management s Discussion and Analysis section in First Financial's 2022 Annual Report to Shareholders (included as Exhibit 13 of this report), is incorporated herein by reference in response to this item. 
 
 27 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

 Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data. 
 The consolidated financial statements and the reports of our independent registered public accounting firm included in the Consolidated Financial Statements and the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements in First Financial s 2022 Annual Report to Shareholders (included as Exhibit 13 of this report), are incorporated herein by reference. 

Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure. 
 None. 

Item 9A. Controls and Procedures. 
 Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
 Management is responsible for establishing and maintaining effective disclosure controls and procedures, as defined under 
 Rule 13a-15 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, that are designed to cause the material information required to be disclosed by First Financial in the reports it files or submits under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 to be recorded, processed, summarized, and reported to the extent applicable within the time periods required by the Securities and Exchange Commission s rules and forms. In designing and evaluating the disclosure controls and procedures, management recognized that a control system, no matter how well designed and operated, can provide only reasonable, not absolute, assurance that the objectives of the control system are met. Because of the inherent limitations in all control systems, no evaluation of controls can provide absolute assurance that all control issues and instances of fraud, if any, within a company have been detected. 
 
 As of the end of the period covered by this report, First Financial performed an evaluation under the supervision and with the participation of management, including the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, of the effectiveness of the design and operation of its disclosure controls and procedures pursuant to Rule 13a-15 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. Based upon that evaluation, the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded that the disclosure controls and procedures were effective at the reasonable assurance level. 
 
 Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 There were no changes in First Financial's internal control over financial reporting as defined in Rule 13a-15(f) under the Exchange Act) that occurred during the period covered by this report that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, First Financial's internal control over financial reporting. 

Item 9B. Other Information. 
 None. 

Item 9. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections. 
 Not applicable. 
 28 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

 PART III 

Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance. 
 Certain information concerning executive officers of First Financial has been supplied in the Supplemental Item. Executive Officers of the Registrant of this Form 10-K. Information appearing under Election of Directors, Corporate Governance - Board Committees, Shareholder Nominations for Election to the Board and "Delinquent Section 16(a) Reports" of First Financial's Definitive Proxy Statement with respect to the Annual Meeting of Shareholders to be held on May 23, 2023, and which is expected to be filed with the SEC, pursuant to Regulation 14A of the Exchange Act (First Financial s Proxy Statement) within 120 days of the close of our fiscal year, is incorporated herein by reference in response to this item. 

Item 11. Executive Compensation. 
 The information appearing under the headings Meetings of the Board of Directors and Committees of the Board, Compensation Discussion and Analysis, Executive Compensation, Compensation Committee Interlocks and Insider Participation, and Compensation Committee Report in First Financial s Proxy Statement is incorporated herein by reference in response to this item. 

Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters. 
 The information appearing under the heading Shareholdings of Directors, Executive Officers, and Nominees for Director of First Financial s Proxy Statement is incorporated herein by reference in response to this item. 
 
 Equity Compensation Plan Information 
 
 The following table sets forth information as of December 31, 2022 with respect to compensation plans under which our common shares may be issued: 
 
 Securities authorized for issuance under equity compensation plans 
 Number of securities to be issued upon exercise of outstanding options, warrants and rights Weighted-average exercise price of outstanding options, warrants and rights Number of securities remaining available for future issuance under equity compensation plans (excluding securities reflected in column (a)) Plan category (a) (b) (c) (1) Equity compensation plans approved by security holders 4,855 9.86 2,956,475 Equity compensation plans not approved by security holders N/A N/A N/A 
 
 (1) The securities included in this column are available for issuance under the First Financial Bancorp. 2020 Stock Plan, which was approved by the shareholders at the 2020 Annual Meeting. 

Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions. 
 The information appearing in Note 15 - Related Parties Transactions in the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included in First Financial s 2022 Annual Report to Shareholders (included as Exhibit 13 of this report) is incorporated herein by reference in response to this item. The information appearing under the heading Corporate Governance-Transactions with Related Parties in First Financial s Proxy Statement is incorporated herein by reference in response to this item. 

Item 14. Principal Accounting Fees and Services. 
 Information appearing under the heading Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm Fees in First Financial s Proxy Statement is incorporated herein by reference in response to this item. 
 
 29 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

 PART IV 

Item 15. Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules. 
 
 (a) (1) The consolidated financial statements (and report thereon) listed below are incorporated herein by reference from First Financial s 2022 Annual Report to Shareholders (included as Exhibit 13 of this report) as noted: 
 
 Reports of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID - Incorporated by reference from First Financial's 2022 Annual Report 
 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 - Incorporated by reference from First Financial s 2022 Annual Report 
 
 Consolidated Statements of Income for years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 - Incorporated by reference from First Financial s 2022 Annual Report 
 
 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income for years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 - Incorporated by reference from First Financial s 2022 Annual Report 
 
 Consolidated Statements of Changes in Shareholders' Equity for years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 - Incorporated by reference from First Financial s 2022 Annual Report 
 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 - Incorporated by reference from First Financial s 2022 Annual Report 
 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements - Incorporated by reference from First Financial s 2022 Annual Report 
 
 (2) Financial Statement Schedules: Schedules to the consolidated financial statements required by Regulation S-X are not required under the related instructions, or are inapplicable, and therefore have been omitted 
 
 (3) Exhibits: 

The documents listed below are filed/furnished with this Annual Report on Form 10-K as exhibits or incorporated into this Annual Report on Form 10-K by reference as noted: 
 
 Exhibit 
 Number 
 2.1 Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated July 25, 2017 between First Financial Bancorp. and MainSource Financial Group, Inc. (Incorporated by reference from Exhibit 2.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on July 27, 2017) (certain schedules and exhibits have been omitted pursuant to Item 601(b)(2) of Regulation S-K) (File No. 001-34762). 
 2.2 Agreement and Plan of Merger dated as of June 18, 2019, by and among First Financial Bancorp., First Financial Bank, Wallace Merger Sub, LLC, Bannockburn Global Forex, LLC and Fortis Advisors, LLC, solely in its capacity as Member Representative (filed as Exhibit 1.1 to First Financial's Current Report on Form 8-K filed on June 19, 2019) (File No. 001-34762). 
 2.3 Amendment No. 1 to Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated as of August 6, 2019, by and among First Financial Bancorp., First Financial Bank, Wallace Merger Sub, Bannockburn Global Forex, LLC, and Fortis Advisors, LLC, solely in its capacity as the Member Representative (Incorporated by reference from Exhibit 2.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on August 6, 2019)(/File No. 001-34762). 
 2.4 Amendment No. 2 to Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated as of August 29, 2019, by and among First Financial Bancorp., First Financial Bank, Wallace Merger Sub LLC, Bannockburn Global Forex, LLC, and Fortis Advisors, LLC, solely in its capacity as the Member Representative (filed as Exhibit 2.1 to First Financial s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on September 3, 2019, and incorporated herein by reference). 
 2.5 Stock Purchase Agreement, dated as of December 6, 2021, by and among First Financial Bancorp., First Financial Bank, Summit Funding Group, Inc., the Sellers (as defined therein), and Richard L. Ross, as Sellers Representative (Incorporated by reference from Exhibit 2.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on December 7, 2021) (certain schedules and exhibits have been omitted pursuant to Item 601(b)(2) of Regulation S-K) (File No. 001-34762). 
 
 30 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

 3.1 Amended Articles of Incorporation of First Financial Bancorp (reflecting all amendments filed with the Ohio Secretary of State) [for purposes of SEC reporting compliance only - not filed with the Ohio Secretary of State] (filed as exhibit 3.2 to the Form S-3 on July 31, 2014 and incorporated hereby by reference)(File No. 333-197771). 
 3.2 Amended and Restated Regulations of First Financial Bancorp, amended as of July 28, 2015 (filed as Exhibit 3.1 to the Form 8-K filed on July 29, 2015 and incorporated herein by reference) (File No. 000-34762). 
 4.1 Letter Agreement, dated as of December 23, 2008, between First Financial Bancorp. and the United States Department of the Treasury, which includes the Securities Purchase Agreement - Standard Terms (filed as Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on December 30, 2008, and incorporated herein by reference) (File No. 000-12379). 
 4.2 Warrant to Purchase up to 930,233 shares of Common Stock dated as of December 23, 2008 (filed as Exhibit 4.1 to the Form 8-K filed on December 30, 2008 and incorporated herein by reference) (File No. 000-12379). 
 4.3 Indenture, dated as of August 25, 2015, by and between First Financial Bancorp. and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as Trustee. (filed as Exhibit 4.1 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on August 26, 2015, and incorporated herein by reference) (File No. 000-34762). 
 4.4 Supplemental Indenture, dated as of August 25, 2015, by and between First Financial Bancorp. and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as Trustee. (filed as Exhibit 4.2 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on August 26, 2015, and incorporated herein by reference) (File No. 000-34762). 
 4.5 Form of 5.125 Subordinated Note due 2025 (included as part of Exhibit 4.4 to this Annual Report). 
 4.6 Indenture dated as of December 19, 2002 between MainSource Financial Group, Inc., as issuer, and State Street Bank and Trust Company of Connecticut, N.A., as trustee, re: floating rate junior subordinated deferrable interest debentures due 2032 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.6 to the Annual Report on Form 10 K of MainSource Financial Group, Inc. for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2002 filed March 28, 2003 with the Commission). 
 4.7 Amended and Restated Declaration of Trust dated as of December 19, 2002 among State Street Bank and Trust Company of Connecticut, N.A., as institutional trustee, MainSource Financial Group, Inc., as sponsor, and James L. Saner Sr., Donald A. Benziger and James M. Anderson, as administrators (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.7 to the Annual Report on Form 10 K of MainSource Financial Group, Inc. for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2002 filed March 28, 2003 with the Commission). 
 4.8 Guarantee Agreement dated as of December 19, 2002 between MainSource Financial Group, Inc., and State Street Bank and Trust Company of Connecticut, N.A (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.8 to the Annual Report on Form 10 K of MainSource Financial Group, Inc. for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2002 filed March 28, 2003 with the Commission). 
 4.9 Indenture dated as of April 1, 2003 between MainSource Financial Group, Inc., as issuer, and U.S. Bank, N.A., as trustee, re: floating rate junior subordinated deferrable interest debentures due 2033 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Quarterly Report on Form 10 Q of MainSource Financial Group, Inc. for the quarter ended June 30, 2003 filed August 14, 2003 with the Commission). 
 4.10 Amended and Restated Declaration of Trust dated as of April 1, 2003 among U.S. Bank, N.A., as institutional trustee, MainSource Financial Group, Inc., as sponsor, and James L. Saner Sr., Donald A. Benziger and James M. Anderson, as administrators (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to the Quarterly Report on Form 10 Q of MainSource Financial Group, Inc. for the quarter ended June 30, 2003 filed August 14, 2003 with the Commission). 
 4.11 Guarantee Agreement dated as of April 1, 2003 between MainSource Financial Group, Inc., and U.S. Bank, N.A (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.3 to the Quarterly Report on Form 10 Q of MainSource Financial Group, Inc. for the quarter ended June 30, 2003 filed August 14, 2003 with the Commission). 
 4.12 Indenture dated as of June 12, 2003 between MainSource Financial Group, Inc., as issuer, and The Bank of New York, as trustee, re: rate junior subordinated deferrable interest debentures due (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.4 to the Quarterly Report on Form 10 Q of MainSource Financial Group, Inc. for the quarter ended June 30, 2003 filed August 14, 2003 with the Commission). 
 4.13 Amended and Restated Declaration of Trust dated as of June 12, 2003 among The Bank of New York, as institutional trustee, MainSource Financial Group, Inc., as sponsor, and James L. Saner Sr., Donald A. Benziger and James M. Anderson, as administrators (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.5 to the Quarterly Report on Form 10 Q of MainSource Financial Group, Inc. for the quarter ended June 30, 2003 filed August 14, 2003 with the Commission). 
 4.14 Guarantee Agreement dated as of June 12, 2003 between MainSource Financial Group, Inc., and The Bank of New York (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.6 to the Quarterly Report on Form 10 Q of MainSource Financial Group, Inc. for the quarter ended June 30, 2003 filed August 14, 2003 with the Commission). 
 4.15 Form of Amended and Restated Declaration of Trust dated as of October 13, 2006, of MainSource Statutory Trust IV, among MainSource Financial Group, Inc. as sponsor, Wells Fargo Delaware Trust Company as Delaware trustee and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as institutional trustee (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the periodic report on Form 8 K of MainSource Financial Group, Inc. filed October 17, 2006 with the Commission). 
 
 31 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

 4.16 Form of Indenture dated as of October 13, 2006, between MainSource Financial Group, Inc. and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as trustee (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the periodic report on Form 8 K of MainSource Financial Group, Inc. filed October 17, 2006 with the Commission). 
 4.17 Form of Guarantee Agreement dated as of October 13, 2006, between MainSource Financial Group, Inc., as guarantor, and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as guarantee trustee (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the periodic report on Form 8 K of MainSource Financial Group, Inc. filed October 17, 2006 with the Commission). 
 4.18 Warrant for the Purchase of Shares of MainSource Financial Group, Inc. Common Stock (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to the Report on Form 8 K of MainSource Financial Group, Inc. filed January 20, 2009 with the Commission). 
 4.19 Second Supplemental Indenture, dated April 30, 2020, between First Financial Bancorp. and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association (Incorporated by reference from Exhibit 4.2 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on April 30, 2020)(File No. 001-34762). 
 4.20 Form of 5.25 Fixed-to-Floating Rate Subordinated Notes due 2030 (Included in Exhibit 4.19 of this Form 10-K)(Incorporated by reference from Exhibit 4.3 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on April 30, 2020) (File No. 001-34762).) 
 4.21 Description of Registrant's Securities (filed as Exhibit 4.19 to the Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on February 221, 2020). 
 10.1 First Financial Bancorp. 1999 Stock Incentive Plan for Officers and Employees, dated April 27, 1999 (filed as Exhibit A to the Registrant's Proxy Statement filed on March 22, 1999, and incorporated herein by reference) (File No. 000-12379). 
 10.2 Form of Stock Option Agreement for Non-Qualified Stock Options (2005-2008) under the First Financial Bancorp. 1999 Stock Incentive Plan for Officers and Employees (filed as Exhibit 10.2 to the Form 8-K filed on April 22, 2005 and incorporated herein by reference) (File No. 000-12379). 
 10.3 Form of Executive Supplemental Retirement Agreement (filed as Exhibit 10.7 to the Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2010 and incorporated herein by reference) (File No. 000-12379). 
 10.4 Form of Endorsement Method Split Dollar Agreement (filed as Exhibit 10.8 to the Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2010 and incorporated herein by reference) (File No. 000-12379). 
 10.5 First Financial Bancorp. Amended and Restated Deferred Compensation Plan (filed as Exhibit 10.9 to the Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2010 and incorporated herein by reference) (File No. 000-12379). 
 10.6 First Financial Bancorp. Key Executive Short Term Incentive Plan Amended and Restated March 10, 2015 (originally established in 2011)(filed as Exhibit 10.1 to the Form 8-K on May 25, 2016 and incorporated herein by reference) (File No. 001-34762). 
 10.7 Form of Agreement for Stock Award pursuant to the Key Executive Incentive Plan between First Financial Bancorp. (3-year holding period) (filed as Exhibit 10.21 to First Financial Bancorp s Annual Report for the year ended December 31, 2015 and incorporated herein by reference) (File No. 001-34762). 
 10.8 First Financial Bancorp. 2012 Stock Plan (filed as Appendix A to the Definitive Proxy Statement filed on April 13, 2012 and incorporated herein by reference) (File No. 001-34762). 
 10.9 Form of Agreement for 2015 Performance Stock Awards under the First Financial Bancorp. 2012 Stock Plan (3-year vesting/accrual of dividends) (filed as Exhibit 10.26 to the Registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015 and incorporated herein by reference) (File No. 001-34762). 
 10.10 Form of Agreement for Restricted Stock Awards under the First Financial Bancorp. 2012 Stock Plan (employees of First Financial Bank, 3-year vesting/accrual of dividends) (filed as Exhibit 10.27 to the Registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015 and incorporated herein by reference) (File No. 001-34762). 
 10.11 Form of Agreement for Restricted Stock Awards under the First Financial Bancorp. 2012 Stock Plan (employees of Oak Street Funding, 3-year vesting/accrual of dividends) (filed as Exhibit 10.28 to the Registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015 and incorporated herein by reference) (File No. 001-34762). 
 10.12 Form of Agreement for Performance Stock Awards under the First Financial Bancorp. 2012 Stock Plan (3-year vesting/accrual of dividends) (filed as Exhibit 10.29 to the Registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015 and incorporated herein by reference) (File No. 001-34762). 
 10.13 Form of Agreement for Performance Stock Awards under the First Financial Bancorp. 2012 Stock Plan (employees of Oak Street Funding, 3-year vesting/accrual of dividends) (filed as Exhibit 10.30 to the Registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015 and incorporated herein by reference) (File No. 001-34762). 
 10.14 Form of Agreement for Restricted Stock Awards under the First Financial Bancorp. 2012 Stock Plan (Directors, 1-year vest/accrual of dividends) (filed as Exhibit 10.31 to the Registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015 and incorporated herein by reference) (File No. 001-34762). 
 
 32 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

 10.15 Executive Supplemental Savings Agreement between First Financial Bancorp. and Claude E. Davis, President and Chief Executive Officer dated December 31, 2013 (filed as Exhibit 10.1 to the Form 8-K filed on January 7, 2014 and incorporated herein by reference) (File No. 001-34762). 
 10.16 First Financial Bancorp Amended and Restated 2012 Stock Plan (filed as Exhibit A to the Definitive Proxy Statement filed on April 13, 2017 and incorporated herein by reference) (File No. 001-34762). 
 10.17 Form of Agreement for Restricted Stock Awards under the First Financial Bancorp. Amended and Restated 2012 Stock Plan (Directors, 1-year vest/accrual of dividends) (filed as Exhibit 10.2 to the Form10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2017 and incorporated herein by reference). 
 10.18 Form of Agreement for Restricted Stock Awards under the First Financial Bancorp. Amended and Restated 2012 Stock Plan (employees of First Financial Bank, 3-year vesting/accrual of dividends) (filed as Exhibit 10.3 to the Form10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2017 and incorporated herein by reference). 
 10.19 Form of Agreement for Restricted Stock Awards under the First Financial Bancorp. Amended and Restated 2012 Stock Plan (employees of Oak Street Funding, 3-year vesting/accrual of dividends) (filed as Exhibit 10.4 to the Form10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2017 and incorporated herein by reference). 
 10.20 Form of Agreement for Restricted Stock Awards under the First Financial Bancorp. Amended and Restated 2012 Stock Plan (employees of First Franchise Capital Corporation, 3-year vesting/accrual of dividends) (filed as Exhibit 10.5 to the Form10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2017 and incorporated herein by reference). 
 10.21 Form of Agreement for Stock Awards under the Key Executive Short Term Incentive Plan and the First Financial Bancorp. Amended and Restated 2012 Stock Plan (immediate vest, 1-year holding) (filed as Exhibit 10.8 to the Form10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2017 and incorporated herein by reference). 
 10.22 Form of Agreement for Performance Stock Awards under the First Financial Bancorp. Amended and Restated 2012 Stock Plan (employees of First Financial Bank) 3-year vesting/accrual of dividends)(filed as Exhibit 10.36 to the Registrant's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2017 and incorporated herein by reference) (File No. 001-34762). 
 10.23 Form of Agreement for Performance Stock Awards under the First Financial Bancorp. Amended and Restated 2012 Stock Plan (employees of Oak Street Funding, 3-year vesting/accrual of dividends)(filed as Exhibit 10.37 to the Registrant's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2017 and incorporated herein by reference) (File No. 001-34762). 
 10.24 Employment and Non-Competition Agreement between Archie M. Brown, Jr. and First Financial Bancorp. and First Financial bank, dated as of July 25, 2017 (filed as Exhibit 10.1 of the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on July 27, 2017 and incorporated herein by reference) (File No. 001-34762). 
 10.25 Employment and Non-Competition Agreement between Claude E. Davis and First Financial Bancorp. and First Financial bank, dated as of July 25, 2017 (filed as Exhibit 10.2 of the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on July 27, 2017 and incorporated herein by reference) (File No. 001-34762). 
 10.26 Severance and Change in Control Agreement between John M. Gavigan and First Financial Bank dated September 22, 2017 (filed as exhibit 10.2 of the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on September 22, 2017 and incorporated herein by reference) (File No. 001-34762). 
 10.27 Severance and Change in Control Agreement between James M. Anderson and First Financial Bank dated September 18, 2017 (filed as exhibit 10.4 of the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on September 22, 2017 and incorporated herein by reference) (File No. 001-34762). 
 10.28 MainSource Financial Group, Inc. 2007 Stock Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.9 to the Annual Report on Form 10 K of MainSource Financial Group, Inc. for the year ending December 31, 2007, filed March 17, 2008 with the Commission). 
 10.29 Letter Agreement dated June 3, 2019, between Claude E. Davis and First Financial Bancorp (filed as Exhibit 10.2 to First Financial's Current Report on Form 8-K filed on June 5, 2019 and incorporated herein by reference). 
 10.30 First Financial Bancorp. 2020 Stock Plan (Incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on May 27, 2020)(File No. 001-34762) . 
 10.31 Form of Agreement for Restricted Stock Awards under the First Financial Bancorp. 2020 Stock Plan (filed as Exhibit 10.34 to the Registrant's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2020 and incorporated herein by reference) (File No. 001-34762). 
 10.32 Form of Agreement for Performance Stock Awards under the First Financial Bancorp. 2020 Stock Plan (filed as Exhibit 10.35 to the Registrant's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31,2020 and incorporated herein by reference (File No. 001-34762). 
 10.33 Severance and Change in Control Agreement between Richard Dennen and First Financial Bank dated September 21, 2021 (filed as Exhibit 10.3 3 to the Registrant's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31,202 1 and incorporated herein by reference( (File No. 001-34762) . 
 10.34 Credit Agreement by and between First Financial Bancorp. and Stifel Bank Trust dated as of December 29, 2021 (filed as Exhibit 10.34 to the Registrant's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2021 and incorporated herein by reference) File No. 00 1-34762). . 
 
 33 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

 10.35 Pledge and Security Agreement by and between First Financial Bancorp. and Stifel Bank Trust dated as of December 29, 2021 (filed as Exhibit 10.35 to t he Registrant's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2021 and incorporated here i n by reference) (File No. 001-34762 ). 
 13 Registrant's annual report to shareholders for the year ended December 31, 202 2 . 
 14.1 First Financial Bancorp. Code of Conduct, as approved January 28, 2020 (filed as Exhibit 14.1 to the Registrant's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2019 and incorporated herein by reference) (File No. 001-34762). 
 14.2 Code of Ethics for the CEO and Senior Financial Officers (filed as Exhibit 10.2 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on October 29, 2012 and incorporated herein by reference) (File No. 001-34762). 
 21 First Financial Bancorp. Subsidiaries . 
 23 Consent of Crowe LLP, Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm . 
 31.1 Certification of Chief Executive Officer Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 filed herewith. 
 31.2 Certification of Chief Financial Officer Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 filed herewith. 
 32.1 Certification of Chief Executive Officer Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 furnished herewith. 
 32.2 Certification of Chief Financial Officer Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 furnished herewith. 
 101.1 Financial statements from the Annual Report on Form 10-K of the Company for the year ended December 31, 2022, formatted in XBRL: (i) Consolidated Balance Sheets, (ii) Consolidated Statements of Income, (iii) Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income, (iv) Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows, (v) Consolidated Statements of Changes in Shareholders Equity, and (vi) Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements, as blocks of text and in detail. 
 
 First Financial will furnish, without charge, to a security holder upon request a copy of the documents, portions of which are incorporated by reference (Annual Report to Shareholders and Proxy Statement), and will furnish any other Exhibit upon the payment of reproduction costs. 
 
 Compensation plan(s) or arrangement(s). 
 As provided in Rule 406T of Regulation S-T, this information shall not be deemed "filed" for purposes of Section 11 and 12 of the Securities Act of 1933 and Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 or otherwise subject to liability under those sections. 

Item 16. Form 10-K Summary. 
 None. 
 
 34 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

 SIGNATURES 
 
 Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 
 
 FIRST FINANCIAL BANCORP. 
 
 By: /s/ Archie M. Brown Archie M. Brown, Director President and Chief Executive Officer 
 Date 2/24/2023 
 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 
 /s/ Archie M. Brown /s/ James M. Anderson Archie M. Brown, Director President and Chief Executive Officer James M. Anderson, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer Date 2/24/2023 Date 2/24/2023 /s/ Claude E. Davis /s/ Scott T. Crawley Claude E. Davis, Director Scott T. Crawley, Senior Vice President and Controller Chairman of the Board (Principal Accounting Officer) Date 2/24/2023 Date 2/24/2023 /s/ William G. Barron /s/ Vincent A. Berta William G. Barron, Director Vincent A. Berta, Director Date 2/24/2023 Date 2/24/2023 /s/ Cynthia O. Booth /s/ Corinne R. Finnerty Cynthia O. Booth, Director Corinne R. Finnerty, Director Date 2/24/2023 Date 2/24/2023 /s/ Susan L. Knust /s/ William J. Kramer Susan L. Knust, Director William J. Kramer, Director Date 2/24/2023 Date 2/24/2023 /s/ Thomas M. O'Brien /s/ Maribeth S. Rahe Thomas M. O'Brien, Director Maribeth S. Rahe, Director Date 2/24/2023 Date 2/24/2023 
 35 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

 /s/ Gary W. Warzala Gary W. Warzala, Director Date 2/24/2023 

36 

<EX-13>
 2
 ffbc-20221231_d2.htm
 EX-13

ffbc-20221231_d2 

EXHIBIT 13 

Glossary of Abbreviations and Acronyms 
 
 First Financial Bancorp has identified the following list of abbreviations and acronyms that are used in the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements and the Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. 
 
 ABL Asset backed loans FRB Federal Reserve Bank ACL or Allowance Allowance for credit losses GAAP U.S. Generally Accepted Accounting Principles AFS Available-for-sale GNMA Government National Mortgage Association AOCI Accumulated other comprehensive income HTC Historic tax credit ASC Accounting standards codification HTM Held-to-maturity ASU Accounting standards update Insignificant Less than 0.1 million ATM Automated teller machine IRLC Interest Rate Lock Commitment Bank First Financial Bank LIHTC Low income housing tax credit Basel III Basel Committee regulatory capital reforms, Third Basel Accord MBSs Mortgage-backed securities BGF or Bannockburn Bannockburn Global Forex MSFG MainSource Financial Group, Inc. Bp/bps Basis point(s) N/A Not applicable BOLI Bank owned life insurance NII Net interest income CDs Certificates of deposit NMTC New markets tax credit CARES Act Coronavirus Aid, Relief, and Economic Security Act 
 N/M Not meaningful CECL Current Expected Credit Loss Oak Street Oak Street Holdings Corporation C I Commercial industrial ODFI Ohio Department of Financial Institutions CMOs Collateralized mortgage obligations OREO Other real estate owned CRE Commercial real estate PCA Prompt corrective action Company First Financial Bancorp. PCD Purchase credit deteriorated DDA Demand deposit account PCI Prompt corrective action Dodd-Frank Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act PD Probability of default EAD Exposure at Default PPP Paycheck Protection Program ERISA Employee Retirement Income Security Act PPPLF Paycheck Protection Program Liquidity Facility ERM Enterprise Risk Management R S Reasonable and supportable EVE Economic value of equity ROU Right-of-use Fair Value Topic FASB ASC Topic 825, Financial Instruments SEC United States Securities and Exchange Commission FASB Financial Accounting Standards Board SFG or Summit Summit Funding Group, Inc FDIC Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation SOFR Secured Overnight Financing Rate FHLB Federal Home Loan Bank Topic 842 FASB ASC Topic 842, Leasing FHLMC Federal Home Loan Mortgage Corporation Special Assets Special Assets Division First Financial First Financial Bancorp. TDR Troubled debt restructuring FNMA Federal National Mortgage Association TTC Through the cycle Form 10-K First Financial Bancorp. Annual Report on Form 10-K USD United States dollars 
 
 First Financial Bancorp 2022 Annual Report 1 

Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 

This annual report contains forward-looking statements. See the Forward-Looking Statements section that follows for further information on the risks and uncertainties associated with forward-looking statements. 
 
 The following discussion and analysis is presented by management to facilitate the understanding of the financial condition, cash flows, changes in financial condition and results of operations of First Financial Bancorp. Management's discussion and analysis identifies trends and material changes that occurred during the reporting periods presented and should be read in conjunction with the Consolidated Financial Statements and accompanying Notes. 
 
 Certain reclassifications of prior years' amounts have been made to conform to current year presentation. Such reclassifications had no effect on net earnings, total assets, liabilities and shareholders' equity. 
 
 EXECUTIVE SUMMARY 
 
 First Financial Bancorp. is a 17.0 billion financial holding company headquartered in Cincinnati, Ohio, which operates through its subsidiaries. These subsidiaries include First Financial Bank, an Ohio-chartered commercial bank, which operated 132 full service banking centers as of December 31, 2022. First Financial provides banking and financial services products to business and retail clients through its six lines of business: Commercial, Retail Banking, Mortgage Banking, Wealth Management, Investment Commercial Real Estate and Commercial Finance. The Commercial Finance business lends into targeted industry verticals on a nationwide basis. Operating under the brand of Yellow Cardinal Advisory Group, Wealth Management had 3.2 billion in assets under management as of December 31, 2022, and provides the following services: financial planning, investment management, trust administration, estate settlement, brokerage services and retirement planning. 
 
 Additional information about First Financial, including its products, services and banking locations, is available on the Company's website at www.bankatfirst.com. 
 
 The major components of First Financial s operating results for the previous three years are summarized in Table 1 Financial Summary and are discussed in greater detail in the sections that follow. 

MARKET STRATEGY 
 
 First Financial develops a competitive advantage by utilizing a local market focus to provide superior service and build long-term relationships with clients while helping them achieve greater financial success. First Financial serves a combination of metropolitan and community markets in Ohio, Indiana, Kentucky and Illinois through its full-service banking centers. First Financial also has certain lending platforms that extend beyond the geographic banking center footprint to provide financing to franchise owners and clients within the financial services industry as well as equipment lease financing to commercial businesses. First Financial's investment in community markets is an important part of the Bank's core funding base and has historically provided stable, low-cost funding sources. 
 
 First Financial s market selection process includes multiple factors, but markets are primarily chosen for their potential for long-term profitability and growth. First Financial intends to concentrate plans for future growth and capital investment within its current markets, and will continue to evaluate additional growth opportunities in metropolitan markets located within, or in close proximity to, the Company's current geographic footprint. Additionally, First Financial may seek strategic acquisitions that provide product line extensions or additional industry verticals that complement its existing business and diversify its product suite and revenue streams. 
 
 BUSINESS COMBINATIONS 
 
 In December 2021, the Company completed its acquisition of Summit Funding Group, Inc. and its subsidiaries. Summit was a privately held, full service, equipment financing company that originates, purchases, sells and services equipment leases to commercial businesses in the United States and Canada. Upon completion of the transaction, Summit became a subsidiary of the Bank and continues to operate as Summit Funding Group, taking advantage of its existing brand recognition within the equipment financing industry. 
 2 First Financial Bancorp 2022 Annual Report 

First Financial acquired all of the issued and outstanding equity securities of Summit for aggregate consideration of approximately 127.1 million, consisting of 113.5 million in cash, 10.0 million of First Financial common stock, and a 3.6 million earn-out payment. Pursuant to the purchase agreement, the earn-out payments are payable annually for each of the five years following the closing of the acquisition, contingent upon the results of Summit's operations. First Financial incurred expenses related to the Summit acquisition of 0.6 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2.6 million for the year ended December 31, 2021. 
 
 The Summit transaction was accounted for using the acquisition method of accounting and, accordingly, assets acquired, liabilities assumed and consideration exchanged were recorded at estimated fair value on the acquisition date in accordance with FASB ASC Topic 805, Business Combinations. The fair value measurements of assets acquired and liabilities assumed were 185.8 million and 122.5 million, respectively, and included 41.9 million of financing leases and 75.3 million of operating leases. These present value measurements were subject to refinement for up to one year after the closing date of the acquisition as additional information relative to closing date fair values became available. The measurement period ended in December 2022. 
 
 Goodwill arising from the Summit acquisition was 63.7 million and reflects the business s high growth potential and the expectation that the acquisition will provide additional revenue growth with the expansion of the Bank's leasing business. The goodwill is not deductible for income tax purposes as the transaction was accounted for as a tax-free exchange. For further detail, see Note 10 Goodwill and Other Intangible Assets. 
 
 See Note 24 Business Combinations in the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements, for further discussion of these transactions. 
 
 COVID-19 CONSIDERATIONS 
 
 The Company's operations and financial results were substantially influenced by the COVID-19 pandemic. At the onset of the pandemic, the Company updated operating protocols to continuously provide virtually all banking services while prioritizing the health and safety of both its clients and associates. 
 
 Sales associates, support teams and management returned to corporate offices and operations centers in the second and third quarters of 2021. The Company has continued to prioritize the health and safety of clients and associates, although without the significant disruptions to its workforce that occurred at the onset of the pandemic. 
 
 To assist clients during the pandemic, the Company implemented distinct COVID-19 relief programs to provide payment deferrals and fee waivers, in addition to temporarily suspending vehicle repossessions and residential property foreclosures. Further, the Company continuously monitored the actions of federal and state governments to proactively assist clients and ensure awareness of each financial assistance program available to them, while focusing internally on enhancing remote, mobile and online processes to better support a bank anytime, anywhere environment. 
 
 The Bank underwent a significant level of cross training and redeployment of associate resources to rapidly meet the influx of 
 client requests in response to the passage of the CARES Act, the establishment of the Paycheck Protection Program and the 
 approval of the Consolidated Appropriations Act. As of December 31, 2022, the Company had 3.0 million of outstanding PPP loans, net of unearned fees, compared to 55.6 million as of December 31, 2021. 
 
 As of December 31, 2021, the Company had 16.5 million of modified loans to COVID-19 impacted borrowers with principal amounts deferred and interest-only payments required. These loans had all returned to regular payment schedules as of December 31, 2022. As provided in the CARES Act and subsequently amended by the Consolidated Appropriations Act, loan modifications in response to COVID-19 that were executed between March 1, 2020 and January 1, 2022 on a loan that was not more than 30 days past due as of December 31, 2019 are not required to be reported as TDR. 
 
 First Financial Bancorp 2022 Annual Report 3 

Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 

 Table 1 Financial Summary December 31, (Dollars in thousands, except per share data) 2022 2021 2020 Summary of operations Interest income 585,006 483,217 524,963 Tax equivalent adjustment (1) 
 6,357 6,091 6,529 Interest income tax equivalent (1) 
 591,363 489,308 531,492 Interest expense 65,863 31,099 68,452 Net interest income tax equivalent (1) 
 525,500 458,209 463,040 Interest income 585,006 483,217 524,963 Interest expense 65,863 31,099 68,452 Net interest income 519,143 452,118 456,511 Provision for credit losses 11,713 (18,121) 70,559 Noninterest income 189,641 171,506 189,123 Noninterest expenses 455,349 400,812 390,664 Income before income taxes 241,722 240,933 184,411 Income tax expense 24,110 35,773 28,601 Net income 217,612 205,160 155,810 Per share data Earnings per common share Basic 2.33 2.16 1.60 Diluted 2.30 2.14 1.59 Cash dividends declared per common share 0.92 0.92 0.92 Average common shares outstanding basic (in thousands) 93,529 95,035 97,364 Average common shares outstanding diluted (in thousands) 94,587 95,897 98,093 Selected year-end balances Total assets 17,003,316 16,329,141 15,973,134 Earning assets 14,331,900 13,941,829 13,651,843 Investment securities 3,636,829 4,409,237 3,689,465 Total loans and leases 10,298,971 9,288,299 9,900,970 Interest-bearing demand deposits 3,037,153 3,198,745 2,914,787 Savings deposits 3,828,139 4,157,374 3,680,774 Time deposits 1,700,705 1,330,263 1,872,733 Noninterest-bearing demand deposits 4,135,180 4,185,572 3,763,709 Total deposits 12,701,177 12,871,954 12,232,003 Short-term borrowings 1,287,156 296,203 166,594 Long-term debt 346,672 409,832 776,202 Shareholders equity 2,041,373 2,258,942 2,282,070 Select Financial Ratios Average loans to average deposits (2) 
 76.11 76.15 87.13 Net charge-offs to average loans and leases 0.06 0.26 0.14 Average shareholders equity to average total assets 12.85 14.06 14.30 Average tangible shareholders equity to average tangible assets 6.59 8.29 8.28 Return on average assets 1.33 1.28 1.00 Return on average equity 10.34 9.08 7.02 Return on average tangible shareholders' equity 21.62 16.43 12.97 Net interest margin 3.73 3.27 3.46 Net interest margin (tax equivalent basis) (1) 
 3.77 3.31 3.51 Dividend payout 39.48 42.59 57.50 Tangible book value per share 9.97 12.26 12.93 
 (1) Tax equivalent basis was calculated using a 21 tax rate. 
 (2) Includes loans held for sale. 
 
 4 First Financial Bancorp 2022 Annual Report 

OVERVIEW OF OPERATIONS 
 
 Net income for the year ended December 31, 2022 was 217.6 million, resulting in earnings per diluted common share of 2.30. This compares to net income of 205.2 million and earnings per diluted common share of 2.14 in 2021. Return on average assets was was 1.33 and 1.28 for 2022 and 2021, respectively. First Financial s return on average tangible shareholders equity for 2022 was 21.62 , compared to 16.43 for 2021. 
 
 Net interest income in 2022 increased 67.0 million, or 14.8 , from 2021, to 519.1 million, primarily driven by higher yields earned on the loan and investment portfolios resulting from a higher interest rate environment. The net interest margin on a fully tax equivalent basis was 3.77 for 2022 compared to 3.31 in 2021. 
 
 Noninterest income increased 18.1 million, or 10.6 , to 189.6 million during 2022 from 171.5 million in 2021. The increase in 2022 was primarily driven by increases in leasing business income and foreign exchange income, and was partially offset by lower mortgage banking income. 
 
 Noninterest expense increased 54.5 million, or 13.6 , from 400.8 million in 2021 to 455.3 million in 2022. This increase was largely driven by higher salaries and incentives, higher other noninterest expenses and leasing business expenses resulting from the acquisition of Summit at the end of 2021. 
 
 Income tax expense decreased 11.7 million, or 32.6 , to 24.1 million in 2022 from 35.8 million in 2021, with the effective tax rate decreasing to 10.0 in 2022 from 14.8 in 2021. The lower effective tax rate in 2022 was primarily related to tax credit investments realized during 2022. 
 
 Total loans increased 1.0 billion, or 10.9 , to 10.3 billion at December 31, 2022 from 9.3 billion at December 31, 2021, primarily driven by growth in C I loans. Total deposits decreased 170.8 million, or 1.3 , to 12.7 billion as of December 31, 2022 from 12.9 billion at December 31, 2021 due to competitive pressures arising from an elevated interest rate environment. 
 
 The ACL was 133.0 million, or 1.29 of total loans at December 31, 2022, compared to 132.0 million, and 1.42 of total loans at December 31, 2021. First Financial recorded 6.7 million in provision expense during 2022, compared to 19.0 million in provision recapture during 2021. 
 
 First Financial s operational results may be influenced by certain economic factors and conditions, such as market interest rates, industry competition, household and business spending levels, consumer confidence and the regulatory environment. For a more detailed discussion of the Company's operations, please refer to the sections that follow. 

NON-GAAP FINANCIAL MEASURES 
 
 The Company utilizes certain non-GAAP financial measures, which it believes provide useful insight to the reader of the Consolidated Financial Statements. These non-GAAP measures should be supplemental to primary GAAP measures and should not be read in isolation or relied upon as a substitute for the primary GAAP measures. 
 
 For analytical purposes, net interest income is presented in the following table adjusted to a tax equivalent basis assuming a 21 marginal tax rate. Net interest income is disclosed on a tax equivalent basis to consistently reflect income from tax-exempt assets, such as municipal loans and investments, in order to facilitate a comparison between taxable and tax-exempt amounts. Management believes it is a standard practice in the banking industry to present net interest margin and net interest income on a fully tax equivalent basis as these measures provide useful information to make peer comparisons. 
 
 First Financial Bancorp 2022 Annual Report 5 

Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 

 Table 2 Non-GAAP - Net Interest Income Year ended December 31, (Dollars in thousands) 2022 2021 2020 Net interest income 519,143 452,118 456,511 Tax equivalent adjustment 6,357 6,091 6,529 Net interest income - tax equivalent 525,500 458,209 463,040 Average earning assets 13,921,563 13,826,645 13,193,650 Net interest margin (1) 
 3.73 3.27 3.46 Net interest margin (FTE) (1) 
 3.77 3.31 3.51 
 (1) Calculated using net interest income divided by average earning assets. 
 
 In addition to capital ratios defined by the U.S. banking agencies, First Financial considers various measures when evaluating capital utilization and adequacy, including the return on average tangible shareholder's equity and the tangible common equity ratio. These calculations are intended to complement the capital ratios defined by the U.S. banking agencies for both absolute and comparative purposes. As GAAP does not include capital ratio measures, the Company believes there are no comparable GAAP financial measures to these ratios. These ratios are not formally defined by GAAP or codified in the federal banking regulations and, therefore, are considered to be non-GAAP financial measures. 
 
 First Financial believes return on average tangible common equity is an important measure for comparative purposes with other financial institutions, but it is not defined under GAAP, and therefore is considered a non-GAAP financial measure. This measure is useful for evaluating the performance of a business as it calculates the return available to common shareholders without the impact of intangible assets and their related amortization. 
 
 First Financial encourages readers to consider its Consolidated Financial Statements in their entirety and not to rely on any single financial measure. 
 
 The following table reconciles non-GAAP capital ratios to GAAP: 
 Table 3 Non-GAAP - Capital Ratios Year ended December 31, (Dollars in thousands) 2022 2021 2020 Net income (a) 
 217,612 205,160 155,810 Average total shareholders' equity 2,105,339 2,259,807 2,220,645 Less: Goodwill (999,611) (937,943) (937,771) Other intangibles (99,081) (73,496) (81,684) Average tangible equity (b) 
 1,006,647 1,248,368 1,201,190 Total shareholders' equity 2,041,373 2,258,942 2,282,070 Less: Goodwill (1,001,507) (1,000,749) (937,771) Other intangibles (93,919) (104,367) (77,361) Ending tangible equity (c) 
 945,947 1,153,826 1,266,938 Total assets 17,003,316 16,329,141 15,973,134 
 6 First Financial Bancorp 2022 Annual Report 

Table 3 Non-GAAP - Capital Ratios Year ended December 31, Less: Goodwill (1,001,507) (1,000,749) (937,771) Other intangibles (93,919) (104,367) (77,361) Ending tangible assets (d) 
 15,907,890 15,224,025 14,958,002 Risk-weighted assets (e) 
 12,923,233 11,642,201 11,219,114 Total average assets 16,382,730 16,072,360 15,529,144 Less: Goodwill (999,611) (937,943) (937,771) Other intangibles (99,081) (73,496) (81,684) Average tangible assets (f) 
 15,284,038 15,060,921 14,509,689 Ending common shares outstanding (g) 
 94,891,099 94,149,240 98,021,929 Ratios Return on average tangible shareholders' equity (a)/(b) 
 21.62 16.43 12.97 Ending tangible shareholders' equity as a percent of: Ending tangible assets (c)/(d) 
 5.95 7.58 8.47 Risk-weighted assets (c)/(e) 
 7.32 9.91 11.29 Average tangible shareholders' equity to average tangible assets (b)/(f) 
 6.59 8.29 8.28 Tangible book value per share (c)/(g) 
 9.97 12.26 12.93 

NET INCOME 
 
 2022 vs. 2021. First Financial s net income increased 12.5 million, or 6.1 , to 217.6 million in 2022, compared to net income of 205.2 million in 2021. The increase in 2022 was primarily related to a 67.0 million, or 14.8 , increase in net interest income, a 18.1 million, or 10.6 , increase in noninterest income and a 11.7 million, or 32.6 , decrease in income tax expense, partially offset by a 54.5 million, or 13.6 , increase in noninterest expenses and a 25.8 million, or 135.4 , increase in provision expense. 
 
 2021 vs. 2020. First Financial s net income increased 49.4 million, or 31.7 , to 205.2 million in 2021, compared to net 
 income of 155.8 million in 2020. The increase in 2021 was primarily related to a 89.8 million, or 126.9 , decrease in 
 provision expense, which was partially offset by a 17.6 million, or 9.3 , decline in noninterest income, a 10.1 million, or 
 2.6 , increase in noninterest expenses, a 7.2 million, or 25.1 , increase in income tax expense, and a 4.4 million, or 1.0 , 
 decrease in net interest income. 
 
 For more detail, refer to the Net interest income, Noninterest income, Noninterest expenses, Income taxes, and Asset quality and allowance for credit losses sections that follow. 

NET INTEREST INCOME 
 
 First Financial s net interest income for the years 2020 through 2022 is shown in Table 1 Financial Summary. 
 
 First Financial s principal source of income is net interest income, which is the excess of interest received from earning assets, including loan-related fees and purchase accounting accretion, less interest paid on interest-bearing liabilities. The amount of net interest income is determined by the volume and mix of earning assets, the rates earned on such assets and the volume, mix and rates paid for the deposits and borrowed money that support the earning assets. Earning assets consist of interest-bearing 
 First Financial Bancorp 2022 Annual Report 7 

Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 

 loans to customers as well as marketable investment securities. First Financial's tax equivalent net interest margin was 3.77 , 3.31 and 3.51 for 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 
 Table 5 Volume/Rate Analysis - Tax Equivalent Basis describes the extent to which changes in interest rates as well as changes in the volume of earning assets and interest-bearing liabilities have affected First Financial s net interest income on a tax equivalent basis during the years presented. Nonaccrual loans and loans held for sale were included in the average loan balances used to determine the yields in Table 5 Volume/Rate Analysis - Tax Equivalent Basis, which should be read in conjunction with Table 2 Statistical Information. 
 
 Loan fees included in the interest income computation for 2022, 2021 and 2020 were 19.2 million, 46.8 million and 32.8 million, respectively, with the 2021 and 2020 activity being heavily influenced by PPP activity. Interest income also included purchase accounting accretion of 8.8 million, 12.3 million and 20.0 million for 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 
 2022 vs. 2021. Net interest income increased 67.0 million, or 14.8 , from 452.1 million in 2021 to 519.1 million in 2022, as interest rates rose during 2022. The tax equivalent yield on earning assets increased due to higher interest rates which more than offset an increase in average earning asset balances during the period. 
 
 Net interest margin on a fully tax equivalent basis increased 46 bps to 3.77 for 2022 compared to 3.31 in 2021 as the Company's asset sensitive balance sheet responded to multiple Fed rate hikes. This resulted in a 71 bp increase in asset yields, which more than offset an increase in interest-bearing liabilities and a 36 bp increase in funding costs during the period. 
 
 Interest income grew 101.8 million, or 21.1 , in 2022 when compared to the prior year as the yield on earning assets rose to 4.25 from 3.54 . Additionally, average earning assets increased to 13.9 billion as of December 31, 2022 from 13.8 billion in 2021. 
 
 Total interest expense increased due to a 17 bp increase in the cost of interest-bearing deposits, an increase in average borrowings and a 63 bp increase in the average rate on those borrowings. The increasing rate environment drove the rise in the cost of interest-bearing deposits, which was 34 bps in 2022 compared to 17 bps for the same period in the prior year. Average borrowed funds increased 529.8 million in 2022, while the cost of these borrowed funds increased to 3.20 in 2022 from 2.57 during 2021. 
 
 2021 vs. 2020 . Net interest income decreased 4.4 million, or 1.0 , from 456.5 million in 2020 to 452.1 million in 2021, as 
 interest rates declined and purchase accounting accretion moderated during 2021. The tax equivalent yield on earning assets 
 declined due to lower interest rates and more than offset an increase in average earning asset balances during the period. 
 Additionally, PPP fees increased 12.6 million, or 73.3 , in 2021, partially offsetting the impact from a challenging interest 
 rate environment. 
 
 Net interest margin on a fully tax equivalent basis decreased 20 bps to 3.31 for 2021 compared to 3.51 in 2020 as a decline 
 in interest rates drove a 49 bp decline in asset yields. These lower rates more than offset higher earning asset balances and a 39 
 bp decline in funding costs. 
 
 Interest income declined 41.7 million, or 8.0 , in 2021 when compared to the prior year as the yield on earning assets 
 declined to 3.54 from 4.03 , which more than offset the impact of higher earning asset balances. Average earning assets 
 increased to 13.8 billion as of December 31, 2021 from 13.2 billion in 2020 as the Company invested excess liquidity into 
 investment securities. 
 
 Interest expense decreased due to a 35 basis point decline in the cost of interest-bearing deposits and lower borrowing balances. 
 The low interest rate environment drove the decline in the cost of interest-bearing deposits, which was 17 bps in 2021 compared 
 to 52 bps for the same period in the prior year. Average borrowed funds declined 811.5 million in 2021, while the cost of 
 these borrowed funds increased to 2.57 in 2021 from 1.82 during 2020. Both the decline in balances and the increase in 
 rate were attributable to the repayment of PPPLF borrowings in 2021, which were used to fund PPP activity and carried a 
 relatively modest interest rate of 0.35 . 

8 First Financial Bancorp 2022 Annual Report 

Table 4 Statistical Information 
 2022 2021 2020 (Dollars in thousands) Average Balance Interest Average Yield Average Balance Interest Average Yield Average Balance Interest Average Yield Earning assets Loans and leases (1), (4) 
 Commercial and industrial (2) 
 2,979,273 154,152 5.17 2,790,733 137,841 4.94 2,999,223 143,720 4.79 Lease financing (2) 
 153,380 11,785 7.68 67,822 2,739 4.04 79,882 3,769 4.72 Construction-real estate 476,597 23,036 4.83 575,883 18,743 3.25 535,740 20,497 3.83 Commercial-real estate (2) 
 4,040,365 185,017 4.58 4,379,325 152,251 3.48 4,317,396 177,038 4.10 Residential-real estate 989,743 40,083 4.05 971,692 40,275 4.14 1,077,430 48,001 4.46 Installment and other consumer 935,607 46,118 4.93 854,780 34,906 4.08 892,985 40,046 4.48 Total loans and leases 9,574,965 460,191 4.81 9,640,235 386,755 4.01 9,902,656 433,071 4.37 Investment securities (3) 
 Taxable 3,293,010 102,314 3.11 3,271,601 79,213 2.42 2,460,707 73,789 3.00 Tax-exempt (2) 
 739,036 23,374 3.16 841,639 23,193 2.76 751,344 24,357 3.24 Total investment securities (3) 
 4,032,046 125,688 3.12 4,113,240 102,406 2.49 3,212,051 98,146 3.06 Interest-bearing deposits with other banks 314,552 5,484 1.74 73,170 147 0.20 78,943 275 0.35 Total earning assets 13,921,563 591,363 4.25 13,826,645 489,308 3.54 13,193,650 531,492 4.03 Nonearning assets Allowance for credit losses (125,001) (162,477) (153,596) Cash and due from banks 233,925 242,201 245,436 Accrued interest and other assets 2,352,243 2,165,991 2,243,654 Total assets 16,382,730 16,072,360 15,529,144 Interest-bearing liabilities Deposits Interest-bearing demand 3,158,560 8,933 0.28 2,988,359 1,930 0.06 2,626,252 4,534 0.17 Savings 4,049,883 8,871 0.22 4,065,654 4,122 0.10 3,260,882 7,232 0.22 Time 1,175,086 10,336 0.88 1,601,295 8,383 0.52 2,167,553 30,156 1.39 Total interest-bearing deposits 8,383,529 28,140 0.34 8,655,308 14,435 0.17 8,054,687 41,922 0.52 Borrowed funds Short-term borrowings 817,495 19,132 2.34 204,503 198 0.10 590,903 6,442 1.09 Long-term debt 359,518 18,591 5.17 442,720 16,466 3.72 867,798 20,088 2.31 Total borrowed funds 1,177,013 37,723 3.20 647,223 16,664 2.57 1,458,701 26,530 1.82 Total interest-bearing liabilities 9,560,542 65,863 0.69 9,302,531 31,099 0.33 9,513,388 68,452 0.72 Noninterest-bearing liabilities Noninterest-bearing demand deposits 4,196,735 4,005,034 3,310,483 Other liabilities 520,114 504,988 484,628 Shareholders' equity 2,105,339 2,259,807 2,220,645 Total liabilities and shareholders' equity 16,382,730 16,072,360 15,529,144 Net interest income and interest rate spread (fully tax equivalent) 525,500 3.56 458,209 3.21 463,040 3.31 Net interest margin (fully tax equivalent) 3.77 3.31 3.51 Interest income and yield 585,006 4.20 483,217 3.49 524,963 3.98 Interest expense and rate 65,863 0.69 31,099 0.33 68,452 0.72 Net interest income and spread 519,143 3.51 452,118 3.16 456,511 3.26 Net interest margin 3.73 3.27 3.46 (1) Nonaccrual loans are included in average loan balance and loan fees are included in interest income. 
 (2) Interest income on tax-exempt investments and on certain tax-exempt loans and leases has been adjusted to a tax equivalent basis using a 21 tax rate. 
 (3) Includes HTM securities, AFS securities and other investments. 
 (4) Includes loans held-for-sale. 
 N/M = not meaningful 
 First Financial Bancorp 2022 Annual Report 9 

Table 5 Volume/Rate Analysis - Tax Equivalent Basis (1) 
 2022 change from 2021 due to 2021 change from 2020 due to (Dollars in thousands) Volume Rate Total Volume Rate Total Interest income Loans (2) 
 (3,137) 76,573 73,436 (10,528) (35,788) (46,316) Investment securities (3) 
 Taxable 665 22,436 23,101 19,634 (14,210) 5,424 Tax-exempt (3,245) 3,426 181 2,488 (3,652) (1,164) Total investment securities interest (3) 
 (2,580) 25,862 23,282 22,122 (17,862) 4,260 Interest-bearing deposits with other banks 4,208 1,129 5,337 (12) (116) (128) Total (1,509) 103,564 102,055 11,582 (53,766) (42,184) Interest expense Interest-bearing demand deposits 481 6,522 7,003 234 (2,838) (2,604) Savings deposits (35) 4,784 4,749 816 (3,926) (3,110) Time deposits (3,749) 5,702 1,953 (2,964) (18,809) (21,773) Short-term borrowings 14,346 4,588 18,934 (374) (5,870) (6,244) Long-term debt (4,302) 6,427 2,125 (15,810) 12,188 (3,622) Total 6,741 28,023 34,764 (18,098) (19,255) (37,353) Net interest income (8,250) 75,541 67,291 29,680 (34,511) (4,831) 
 
 (1) Tax equivalent basis was calculated using a 21 tax rate. 
 (2) Includes nonaccrual loans and loans held-for-sale. 
 (3) Includes HTM securities, AFS securities and other investments. 
 
 NONINTEREST INCOME AND NONINTEREST EXPENSES 
 
 Noninterest income and noninterest expenses for 2022, 2021 and 2020 are shown in Table 6 Noninterest Income and Noninterest Expenses. 
 
 NONINTEREST INCOME 
 
 2022 vs. 2021. Noninterest income increased 18.1 million, or 10.6 , from 171.5 million in 2021 to 189.6 million in 2022. The increase was attributed to 31.6 million of leasing business income, a 10.2 million, or 22.7 , increase in foreign exchange income and a 2.0 million, or 12.6 , increase in other noninterest income. These increases were partially offset by an 18.0 million, or 54.4 , decrease in gain on sale of loans, a 3.8 million, or 12.0 , decrease in service charges on deposit accounts, a 2.5 million, or 31.4 , decrease in client derivative fees and a 1.3 million, or 191.0 , decrease in unrealized gain (loss) on equity securities. 
 
 Elevated noninterest income in 2022 included leasing business income, which reflected new activity acquired as part of the Summit Funding Group acquisition at the end of 2021. In addition, noninterest income was bolstered by higher foreign exchange income, which had record demand for currency transactions in 2022. The increase in other noninterest income was driven by higher income earned on limited partnership investments during the year. 
 
 Partially offsetting those increases, gains on sales of retail mortgage loans declined in 2022 as loan demand slowed due to a significant increase in interest rates. Service charge income declined during the year as a result of the Company's changes to its service charge and overdraft programs, and client derivative fees declined as a result of lower product demand. The unrealized loss on equity securities in 2022 was related to a decline in the value of the Company's Class B Visa shares. 
 
 2021 vs. 2020. Noninterest income decreased 17.6 million, or 9.3 , from 189.1 million in 2020 to 171.5 million in 2021. 
 The decline was attributed to an 18.2 million, or 35.5 , decrease in gain on sale of loans, an 8.3 million, or 92.2 , decrease 
 in unrealized gain (loss) on equity securities, a 5.3 million, or 116.6 , decrease on sales of investment securities and a 2.4 
 million, or 23.1 , decrease in client derivative fees. These declines were partially offset by a 5.4 million, or 13.8 , increase 
 in foreign exchange income, a 3.7 million, or 30.1 , increase in other noninterest income, a 2.6 million, or 22.0 , increase 
 in bankcard income, a 2.5 million, or 11.7 , increase in trust and wealth management fees, and a 2.4 million, or 8.3 , 
 10 First Financial Bancorp 2022 Annual Report 

increase in service charges on deposit accounts. 
 
 Gains on the sales of retail mortgage loans declined from record levels in 2020, as loan demand softened and premiums 
 moderated in 2021. Gains from sales of investment securities and unrealized gains on equity securities both declined in 2021 
 due to sales of Visa Class B shares and recording the remaining shares at fair value during 2020. Client derivatives fees 
 declined from prior year as demand moderated in 2021 in line with a decrease in loan balances. 
 
 Partially offsetting those declines, foreign exchange income increased in 2021 as Bannockburn had their best year to date, while other noninterest income increased due to an increase in limited partnership income and syndication fees during the period. In addition, wealth management, bankcard and service charge income all increased in 2021 as the economy began to recover from pandemic-related uncertainty. 
 
 Table 6 Noninterest Income and Noninterest Expenses 2022 2021 2020 (Dollars in thousands) Total Change Total Change Total Change Noninterest income Service charges on deposit accounts 28,062 (12.0) 31,876 8.3 29,446 (22.4) Trust and wealth management fees 23,506 (1.2) 23,780 11.7 21,286 2.7 Bankcard income 14,380 0.6 14,300 22.0 11,726 (37.6) Client derivative fees 5,441 (31.4) 7,927 (23.1) 10,313 (34.2) Foreign exchange income 54,965 22.7 44,793 13.8 39,377 408.8 Leasing business income 31,574 N/M 0 N/M 0 N/M Net gains from sales of loans 15,048 (54.4) 33,021 (35.5) 51,176 244.6 Net gain (loss) on equity securities (639) (191.0) 702 (92.2) 9,045 N/M Other 17,873 12.6 15,866 30.1 12,191 (21.3) Subtotal 190,210 10.4 172,265 (6.7) 184,560 40.1 Net gain (loss) on sales/transfers of investment securities (569) (25.0) (759) (116.6) 4,563 N/M Total 189,641 10.6 171,506 (9.3) 189,123 44.0 Noninterest expenses Salaries and employee benefits 269,368 9.5 245,924 3.9 236,779 13.3 Net occupancy 22,208 0.3 22,142 (4.8) 23,266 (3.3) Furniture and equipment 13,224 (4.3) 13,819 (7.7) 14,968 (5.9) Data processing 33,662 7.3 31,363 14.0 27,514 25.7 Marketing 8,744 9.5 7,983 24.5 6,414 (7.2) Communication 2,683 (8.4) 2,930 (16.1) 3,492 6.9 Professional services 9,734 (16.6) 11,676 17.2 9,961 (11.5) Debt extinguishment 0 N/M 0 (100.0) 7,257 N/M State intangible tax 4,285 0.7 4,256 (29.7) 6,058 3.9 FDIC assessments 7,194 27.8 5,630 10.2 5,110 159.0 Intangible assets amortization 11,185 13.7 9,839 (11.6) 11,126 15.0 Leasing business expense 20,363 N/M 0 N/M 0 N/M Other 52,699 16.5 45,250 16.9 38,719 19.1 Total 455,349 13.6 400,812 2.6 390,664 14.1 
 
 First Financial Bancorp 2022 Annual Report 11 

NONINTEREST EXPENSES 
 
 2022 vs. 2021. Noninterest expenses increased 54.5 million, or 13.6 , in 2022 compared to 2021, primarily due to 
 a 23.4 million, or 9.5 , increase in salaries and employee benefits, 20.4 million of leasing business expense, a 7.4 million, or 16.5 , increase in other noninterest expenses, a 2.3 million, or 7.3 , increase in data processing expenses, a 1.6 million, or 27.8 , increase in FDIC assessments and a 1.3 million, or 13.7 , increase in intangible asset amortization expense. These increases were partially offset by a 1.9 million, or 16.6 , decrease in professional services. 
 
 Salaries and employee benefits in 2022 were driven higher by annual compensation adjustments, incentive compensation tied to elevated fee income, and performance related incentives tied to the Company's financial results. Leasing business expense reflected new activity acquired as part of the Summit Funding Group transaction. The increase in other noninterest expense was largely attributed to higher write-downs of tax credit investments in 2022, while data processing expenses increased as the Company continued to make strategic investments in technology. FDIC assessment expense increased during the year due to higher assessment rates while intangible amortization expenses increased following the acquisition of Summit. Professional services declined in 2022 due to acquisition and loan sale related expenses in 2021 that did not recur in 2022. 
 
 2021 vs. 2020. Noninterest expenses increased 10.1 million, or 2.6 , in 2021 compared to 2020, primarily due to a 9.1 
 million, or 3.9 , increase in salaries and employee benefits, a 3.8 million, or 14.0 , increase in data processing expenses, a 
 1.7 million, or 17.2 , increase in professional services, a 1.6 million, or 24.5 , increase in marketing expenses, and a 6.5 
 million, or 16.9 , increase in other noninterest expenses. These increases were partially offset by a 7.3 million, or 100.0 
 decrease in debt extinguishment costs, a 1.8 million, or 29.7 , decrease in state intangible taxes, a 1.3 million, or 11.6 , 
 decrease in intangible asset amortization expense, a 1.1 million, or 7.7 , decrease in furniture and equipment expenses and 
 1.1 million, or 4.8 , decrease in net occupancy expenses. 
 
 Higher salaries and employee benefits in 2021 were driven by annual compensation adjustments and performance related 
 incentives tied to the Company's financial results. Additionally, data processing and professional services increased in 2021 due to the Company's continued investment in technology and expenses associated with the Summit acquisition, respectively, while marketing expenses increased due to sponsoring more events in 2021 than 2020 due to the pandemic. 
 
 Other noninterest expenses rose primarily as a result of an increase in tax credit investment write-downs in 2021, as well as 
 7.1 million of costs related to overdraft litigation settled during the year. Like many banks, First Financial has been the 
 subject of lawsuits relating to overdraft fees. This type of litigation is time consuming and expensive in large part due to the 
 amount of data to be sorted and disclosed, in some cases going back multiple years. During 2021, First Financial determined 
 that it was in its best interest to settle lawsuits in the states of Indiana and Ohio, resulting in higher litigation settlement expense in the year. 
 
 Debt extinguishment costs declined in 2021 as 2020 included 7.3 million of charges that did not recur in 2021 related to the 
 prepayment of 120.0 million of higher cost long-term FHLB debt. 

INCOME TAXES 
 
 2022 vs. 2021. First Financial s income tax expense in 2022 totaled 24.1 million compared to 35.8 million in 2021, resulting in effective tax rates of 10.0 and 14.8 for 2022 and 2021, respectively. The lower effective tax rate in 2022 was primarily related to an increase in tax credit activity during the year, partially offset by higher pre-tax income. 
 
 2021 vs. 2020. The Company's income tax expense totaled 35.8 million and 28.6 million in 2021 and 2020, respectively, which resulted in effective tax rates of 14.8 for 2021 and 15.5 for 2020. The lower effective tax rate in 2021 was largely the result of the recognition of tax credit investments during the year, partially offset by higher pre-tax income. 
 
 For further information on income taxes, see Note 16 Income Taxes in the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 

INVESTMENTS 
 
 First Financial utilizes its investment portfolio as a source of liquidity and interest income, as well as a tool for managing the Company's interest rate risk profile. As such, the Company's primary investment strategy is to invest in debt securities with low credit risk, such as treasury and agency-backed residential MBS. The investment portfolio is also managed with consideration to prepayment, extension and maturity risk. First Financial invests primarily in MBS issued by U.S. government agencies and corporations, such as GNMA, FHLMC and FNMA, as these securities are considered to have a low credit risk and high 
 12 First Financial Bancorp 2022 Annual Report 

liquidity profile due to government agency guarantees. Government and agency backed securities comprised 47.4 and 44.5 of First Financial's investment securities portfolio as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 
 The Company also invests in certain securities that are not supported by government or agency guarantees and whose realization is dependent on future principal and interest repayments. Prior to purchase, First Financial performs a detailed collateral and structural analysis on these securities and strategically invests in asset classes in which First Financial has expertise and experience, as well as a senior position in the capital structure. First Financial continuously monitors credit risk and geographic concentration risk in its evaluation of market opportunities that would enhance the overall performance of the portfolio. Securities not supported by government or agency guarantees represented 52.6 and 55.5 of First Financial's investment securities portfolio as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 
 The other investments category in the Consolidated Balance Sheets consists primarily of First Financial s investments in FRB stock, FHLB stock and class B Visa shares. 
 
 2022 vs. 2021. First Financial s investment portfolio at December 31, 2022 totaled 3.5 billion, compared to 4.3 billion at December 31, 2021, and represented 20.5 of total assets at December 31, 2022. The 812.6 million, or 18.9 , decline in the investment portfolio during 2022 was primarily related to the Company's strategic redeployment of balance sheet liquidity to fund strong loan growth during the year as well as a 347.0 million decline in the fair value of AFS securities due to higher interest rates. 
 
 First Financial classified 3.4 billion, or 97.6 , and 4.2 billion, or 97.7 , of investment securities as AFS at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. First Financial classified 84.0 million, or 2.4 , and 98.4 million, or 2.3 , of investment securities as HTM at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 
 First Financial recorded a 325.9 million unrealized after-tax loss on the investment portfolio as a component of equity in AOCI resulting from changes in the fair value of AFS securities at December 31, 2022 due to rising interest rates. This unrealized loss position declined 347.0 million in 2022 from a 21.0 million unrealized after-tax gain at December 31, 2021. The overall duration of the investment portfolio increased to 4.6 years as of December 31, 2022 from 3.8 years as of December 31, 2021. First Financial has avoided adding to its portfolio any particular securities that would materially increase credit risk or geographic concentration risk and the Company continuously monitors and considers these risks in its evaluation of current market opportunities that would enhance the overall performance of the portfolio. 
 
 Debt securities issued by the U.S. government and U.S. government agencies and corporations, including the FHLB, FHLMC, FNMA and the U.S. Export/Import Bank, were not meaningful as a percentage of the portfolio at either December 31, 2022 or December 31, 2021. 
 
 Investments in MBS securities, which include CMOs, represented 51.6 and 51.4 of First Financial's total investment portfolio at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. MBS are participations in pools of loans secured by mortgages under which payments of principal and interest are passed through to the security holders. These securities are subject to prepayment risk, particularly during periods of falling interest rates, and extension risk during periods of rising interest rates. Prepayments of the underlying residential real estate loans may shorten the lives of the securities, thereby affecting yields to maturity and market values. 
 
 Tax-exempt securities of states, municipalities and other political subdivisions totaled 716.6 million as of December 31, 2022 and 1.1 billion as of December 31, 2021, comprising 20.5 and 25.4 of the investment portfolio at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The securities are diversified to include states as well as issuing authorities within states, thereby decreasing geographic portfolio risk. First Financial continuously monitors the risk associated with this investment type and reviews underlying ratings for possible downgrades. First Financial does not own any state or other political subdivision securities that are currently impaired. 
 
 Asset-backed securities were 711.3 million, or 20.4 of the investment portfolio at December 31, 2022 and 719.6 million, or 16.7 of the investment portfolio at December 31, 2021. First Financial considers these investment securities to have lower credit risk and a high liquidity profile as a result of explicit guarantees on the collateral. 
 
 Other securities, consisting primarily of taxable securities of states, municipalities and other political subdivisions, in addition to debt securities issued by corporations, were 164.6 million, or 4.7 of the investment portfolio, at December 31, 2022 and 166.1 million, or 3.9 of the investment portfolio, at December 31, 2021. 
 
 First Financial Bancorp 2022 Annual Report 13 

Table 7 Investment Securities as of December 31 2022 2021 Percent of Percent of (Dollars in thousands) Amount Portfolio Amount Portfolio U.S. Treasuries 32,696 0.9 34,776 0.8 Securities of U.S. government agencies and corporations 66,468 1.9 79,117 1.8 Mortgage-backed securities-residential 650,063 18.6 724,137 16.8 Mortgage-backed securities-commercial 664,925 19.0 778,252 18.1 Collateralized mortgage obligations 486,992 14.0 709,622 16.5 Obligations of state and other political subdivisions 716,591 20.5 1,094,658 25.4 Asset-backed securities 711,325 20.4 719,581 16.7 Other securities 164,609 4.7 166,123 3.9 Total 3,493,669 100.0 4,306,266 100.0 
 
 The estimated maturities and weighted-average yields of HTM and AFS investment securities as of December 31, 2022 are shown in Table 7 Investment Securities. Tax-equivalent adjustments using a rate of 21 were included in calculating yields on tax-exempt obligations of state and other political subdivisions. 
 
 First Financial held cash on deposit with the Federal Reserve of 388.2 million and 214.8 million at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. First Financial continually monitors its liquidity position as part of its ERM framework, specifically through its asset/liability management process. 
 
 The Company had a 0.6 million unrealized loss on equity securities recorded in noninterest income for the twelve months ended December 31, 2022 compared to a 0.7 million unrealized gain for the same period of 2021. The unrealized loss in 2022 is related to a decline in the value of the Company's Class B Visa shares. 
 
 First Financial will continue to monitor loan and deposit demand, balance sheet composition, capital sensitivity and the interest rate environment as it manages investment strategies in future periods. See Note 4 Investment Securities in the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information on the Company's investment portfolio and Note 23 Fair Value Disclosures for additional information on how First Financial determines the fair value of investment securities. 
 
 14 First Financial Bancorp 2022 Annual Report 

Table 8 Investment Securities as of December 31, 2022 Maturity (2) 
 Within one year After one but within five years After five but within ten years After ten years (Dollars in thousands) Amount Yield (1) 
 Amount Yield (1) 
 Amount Yield (1) 
 Amount Yield (1) 
 Held-to-Maturity Securities of other U.S. government agencies and corporations 0 0.00 0 0.00 0 0.00 0 0.00 Mortgage-backed securities-residential 0 0.00 0 0.00 0 0.00 0 0.00 Mortgage-backed securities-commercial 579 3.00 34,784 2.30 0 0.00 0 0.00 Collateralized mortgage obligations 0 0.00 1,116 1.75 8,164 1.77 0 0.00 Obligations of state and other political subdivisions 0 0.00 2,584 3.66 3,670 3.42 1,874 2.25 Other securities 0 0.00 15,250 4.42 16,000 4.95 0 0.00 Total 579 3.00 53,734 2.96 27,834 3.81 1,874 2.25 Available-for-Sale U.S. treasuries 2,383 0.00 0 0.00 30,313 1.32 0 0.00 Securities of other U.S. government agencies and corporations 0 0.00 0 0.00 66,468 1.74 0 0.00 Mortgage-backed securities-residential 39 5.35 117,984 2.26 289,436 2.46 242,604 1.93 Mortgage-backed securities-commercial 241,125 7.04 321,469 5.06 57,541 1.56 9,427 2.75 Collateralized mortgage obligations 15,886 5.25 237,725 2.59 140,849 2.18 83,252 2.35 Obligations of state and other political subdivisions 26,596 2.75 132,332 3.20 298,260 2.63 251,275 2.23 Asset-backed securities 87,567 4.29 521,836 4.45 90,392 3.28 11,530 5.11 Other securities 16,289 8.13 96,730 5.97 16,843 4.87 3,497 4.08 Total 389,885 6.11 1,428,076 4.07 990,102 2.45 601,585 2.20 
 
 (1) Tax equivalent basis was calculated using a 21 tax rate and yields were based on amortized cost. 
 (2) Maturity represents estimated life of investment securities. 

LENDING PRACTICES 
 
 First Financial remains dedicated to meeting the financial needs of individuals and businesses through its client-focused business model. The loan portfolio is comprised of a broad range of borrowers primarily located in the Ohio, Indiana and Kentucky markets; however, the commercial finance and leasing lines of business serve a national client base. 
 
 First Financial s loan portfolio consists of commercial loan types, including C I, lease financing (equipment leasing), construction real estate and commercial real estate, as well as consumer loan types, such as residential real estate, home equity, installment and credit card loans. First Financial's lending portfolios are managed to avoid the creation of inappropriate industry, geographic, franchise concept or borrower concentration risk. 
 
 Credit Management. Subject to First Financial s credit policy and guidelines, credit underwriting and approval occur within the market and/or the centralized line of business originating the loan. First Financial has delegated a lending limit sufficient to address the majority of client requests in a timely manner to each market president and line of business manager. Loan requests for amounts greater than those limits require the approval of a designated credit officer or senior credit committee and may require additional approvals from the chief credit officer, the chief executive officer and the board of directors. This allows First Financial to manage the initial credit risk exposure through a standardized, strategic and disciplined approval process, but with an increasingly higher level of authority. Plans to purchase or sell a participation in a loan, or a group of loans, requires the approval of certain senior lending and administrative officers, and in some cases could include the board of directors. 
 
 Credit management practices are dependent on the type and nature of the loan. First Financial monitors all significant 
 First Financial Bancorp 2022 Annual Report 15 

exposures on an ongoing basis. Commercial loans are assigned internal risk ratings reflecting the risk of loss inherent in the loan. These internal risk ratings are assigned upon initial approval of credit and are updated periodically thereafter. First Financial reviews and adjusts its risk ratings based on actual experience, which is the basis for determining an appropriate ACL. First Financial's commercial risk ratings of pass, special mention, substandard and doubtful are derived from standard regulatory rating definitions and facilitate the monitoring of credit quality across the commercial loan portfolio. For further information regarding these risk ratings, see Note 5 Loans and Leases in the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 
 Commercial loans rated as special mention, substandard or doubtful are considered criticized, while loans rated as substandard or doubtful are considered classified. Commercial loans may be designated as criticized/classified based on individual borrower performance or industry and environmental factors. Criticized/classified loans are subject to more frequent internal reviews to assess the borrower s credit status and develop appropriate action plans. 
 
 Management considers classified loans to be the leading indicator of credit losses, and these loans are typically managed by the Special Assets Department. Special Assets is a commercial credit group whose primary focus is to handle the day-to-day management of commercial workouts, recoveries and problem loan resolutions. Special Assets ensures that First Financial has appropriate oversight, improved communication and timely resolution of issues throughout the loan portfolio. Additionally, the Credit Risk Management group within First Financial's Risk Management function provides independent, objective oversight and assessment of commercial credit quality and processes. 
 
 Consumer lending credit approvals are based on, among other factors, the financial strength and payment history of the borrower, type of exposure and the transaction structure. Consumer loans are generally smaller dollar amounts than other types of lending and are made to a large number of customers, providing diversification within the portfolio. Credit risk in the consumer loan portfolio is managed by loan type, and consumer loan asset quality indicators, including delinquency, are continuously monitored. The Credit Risk Management group performs product-level performance reviews and assesses credit quality and compliance with underwriting and loan administration guidelines across the consumer loan portfolio. 
 
 LOANS AND LEASES 
 
 2022 vs. 2021. Loans, excluding loans held for sale, totaled 10.3 billion at December 31, 2022, increasing 1.0 billion, or 10.9 , compared to December 31, 2021. 
 
 C I loans increased 690.2 million, or 25.4 , largely due to the Company's strong origination efforts over the course of 2022. 
 Installment loans increased 90.4 million, or 75.7 , during 2022 largely as a result of First Financial's partnership with a loan origination provider, which sourced 55.3 million of loans during the first half of the year before the Company began winding down the relationship. Finance lease balances increased 126.5 million, or 115.4 , due to added production from Summit Funding Group. Residential real estate loans increased 196.2 million, or 21.9 , as rising interest rates led to more adjustable rate and nonconforming jumbo mortgage originations, which the Company retains on its balance sheet. Construction real estate loans increased 56.2 million, or 12.3 , and home equity loans increased 25.4 million, or 3.6 . Partially offsetting these increases were declines in both commercial real estate loans and credit cards. Commercial real estate loans decreased 173.9 million, or 4.1 , and credit card balances decreased 0.4 million, or 0.8 . Average loan balances, including loans held for sale, were 9.6 billion for 2022, a decrease of 65.3 million, or 0.7 , compared to 2021, with the decline driven by outstanding PPP balances during 2021. 
 
 Table 9 Loan Maturity/Rate Sensitivity indicates the contractual maturity of all loans outstanding at December 31, 2022 as well as their sensitivity to changes in interest rates. 
 
 For discussion of risks associated with the loan portfolio and First Financial's ACL, see the Asset Quality and Allowance for Credit Losses section included in Management s Discussion and Analysis. 
 16 First Financial Bancorp 2022 Annual Report 

Table 9 Loan Maturity/Rate Sensitivity December 31, 2022 Maturity After one After five Within but within but within After (Dollars in thousands) one year five years fifteen years fifteen years Total Commercial industrial 729,584 2,180,874 496,432 3,382 3,410,272 Lease financing 61,323 162,598 12,203 0 236,124 Construction real estate 118,238 298,146 21,545 74,121 512,050 Commercial real estate 642,374 2,067,009 1,302,999 40,377 4,052,759 Residential real estate 36,566 132,320 361,718 561,661 1,092,265 Home equity 23,202 113,303 156,575 440,711 733,791 Installment 81,001 104,582 22,782 1,530 209,895 Credit card 0 0 0 51,815 51,815 Total 1,692,288 5,058,832 2,374,254 1,173,597 10,298,971 After one After five Within but within but within After (Dollars in thousands) one year five years fifteen years fifteen years Total Fixed rate Commercial industrial 132,653 366,693 115,427 1,227 616,000 Lease financing 61,323 162,598 12,203 0 236,124 Construction real estate 1,146 3,087 3,465 60,188 67,886 Commercial real estate 105,672 265,758 141,125 4,575 517,130 Residential real estate 28,712 97,814 269,707 438,295 834,528 Home equity 12,236 47,264 69,235 26,716 155,451 Installment 73,723 102,662 22,669 1,467 200,521 Credit card 0 0 0 439 439 Total 415,465 1,045,876 633,831 532,907 2,628,079 Variable rate Commercial industrial 596,931 1,814,181 381,005 2,155 2,794,272 Lease financing 0 0 0 0 0 Construction real estate 117,092 295,059 18,080 13,933 444,164 Commercial real estate 536,702 1,801,251 1,161,874 35,802 3,535,629 Residential real estate 7,854 34,506 92,011 123,366 257,737 Home equity 10,966 66,039 87,340 413,995 578,340 Installment 7,278 1,920 113 63 9,374 Credit card 0 0 0 51,376 51,376 Total 1,276,823 4,012,956 1,740,423 640,690 7,670,892 

COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES 
 
 Off-balance sheet arrangements include commitments to extend credit and financial guarantees. Loan commitments are agreements to extend credit to a client absent any violation of any condition established in the commitment agreement. Commitments generally have fixed expiration dates or other termination clauses and may require payment of a fee. 
 
 First Financial had commitments outstanding to extend credit totaling 4.4 billion and 4.0 billion at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. This increase in commitments was driven by the Company's strong origination efforts during the year. 
 
 First Financial Bancorp 2022 Annual Report 17 

As of December 31, 2022, loan commitments with variable interest rates totaled 4.2 billion, while commitments with a fixed interest rate totaled 126.3 million. At December 31, 2021, commitments with variable interest rates totaled 3.8 billion, while loan commitments with a fixed interest rate totaled 129.2 million. The fixed rate loan commitments have interest rates ranging from 0 to 21 for both December 31, 2022 and 2021 and have maturities ranging from less than 1 year to 31.6 years at December 31, 2022 and less than 1 year to 30.9 years at December 31, 2021. 
 
 Letters of credit are conditional commitments issued by First Financial to guarantee the performance of a client to a third party. First Financial s portfolio of letters of credit consists primarily of performance assurances made on behalf of clients who have a contractual commitment to produce or deliver goods or services. First Financial issued letters of credit aggregating 31.5 million and 41.1 million at December 31, 2022, and 2021, respectively. Management conducts regular reviews of these instruments on an individual client basis. 
 
 First Financial is a party in risk participation transactions of interest rate swaps, which had total notional amount of 379.3 million and 362.8 million at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 
 First Financial is a limited partner in several tax-advantaged limited partnerships whose purpose is to invest in approved qualified affordable housing, renewable energy, or other renovation or community revitalization projects. These investments are included in A ccrued interest and other assets in the Consolidated Balance Sheets , with any unfunded commitments included in A ccrued interest and other liabilities i n the Consolidated Balance Sheets . As of December 31, 2022 , First Financial expects to recover its remaining investments through the use of the tax credits that are generated by the investments. First Financial had unfunded commitments related to tax credit investments of 84.3 million and 72.5 million at December 31, 2022 and 2021 , respectively. 
 
 In the ordinary course of business, First Financial and its subsidiaries are parties to litigation, including claims to the ownership of funds in particular accounts, the collection of delinquent accounts, challenges to security interests in collateral, foreclosure interests that are incidental to our regular business activities and other matters. While the ultimate liability with respect to these litigation matters and claims cannot be determined at this time, First Financial believes that damages, if any, and other amounts relating to pending matters are not probable or cannot be reasonably estimated as of December 31, 2022. Reserves are established for these various matters of litigation, when appropriate, under FASB ASC Topic 450, Contingencies, based in part upon the advice of legal counsel. First Financial had no reserves related to litigation matters as of December 31, 2022 or December 31, 2021. 

ASSET QUALITY AND ALLOWANCE FOR CREDIT LOSSES 
 
 Loans are classified as nonaccrual when, in the opinion of management, collection of principal or interest is doubtful or when principal or interest payments are 90 days or more past due. Generally, loans are classified as nonaccrual due to a borrower's continued failure to adhere to contractual payment terms, coupled with other pertinent factors. When a loan is classified as nonaccrual, the accrual of interest income is discontinued and previously accrued but unpaid interest is reversed. 
 
 Loans are classified as TDRs when borrowers are experiencing financial difficulties and concessions are made by the Company that would not otherwise be considered for a borrower with similar credit characteristics. TDRs are generally classified as nonaccrual for a minimum period of six months and may qualify for return to accrual status once they have demonstrated performance with the restructured terms of the loan agreement. 
 
 Nonperforming assets consist of nonaccrual loans, accruing TDRs (collectively, nonperforming loans) and OREO. 
 
 See Table 10 Summary of the ACL and Selected Statistics for a summary of First Financial s nonaccrual loans, TDRs and OREO. 
 
 2022 vs. 2021. Nonaccrual loans were 28.6 million, or 28 bps of total loans as of December 31, 2022. This represents a 19.8 million, or 40.9 , decline from 48.4 million as of December 31, 2021. The decline in nonaccrual loans was largely the result of strong resolution efforts during the year, risk rating upgrades as borrower performance improved, as well as the sale of select loans. Total nonperforming assets declined 20.3 million, or 33.8 , to 39.8 million at December 31, 2022 from 60.1 million at December 31, 2021. The decline in nonperforming assets was driven by the decline in nonaccrual loans as well as a 0.7 million decline in accruing TDRs. 
 
 18 First Financial Bancorp 2022 Annual Report 

Classified asset balances increased 23.3 million, or 22.3 , to 128.1 million at December 31, 2022 from 104.8 million at December 31, 2021. The increase in classified asset balances during 2022 was primarily attributed to the downgrade of one large healthcare credit and one large specialty retail credit. 

Allowance for credit losses. The ACL is a reserve accumulated on the Consolidated Balance Sheets through the recognition of the provision for loan and lease losses. First Financial records provision expense in the Consolidated Statements of Income to maintain the ACL at a level considered sufficient to absorb expected credit losses for financial assets in the portfolio over their expected remaining lives with consideration given to current and forward-looking information. 
 
 The recorded values of the loans and leases actually removed from the Consolidated Balance Sheets due to credit deterioration are referred to as charge-offs. First Financial's policy is to charge-off all or a portion of a loan when, in management's opinion, it is unlikely to collect the principal amount owed in full either through payments from the borrower or from the liquidation of collateral. All loans charged-off are subject to continuous review and concerted efforts are made to maximize any recovery. In most cases, the borrower s debt obligation is not canceled even though the balance may have been charged-off. Actual losses on loans and leases are charged against the ACL. Any subsequent recovery of a previously charged-off loan is credited back to the ACL. 
 
 Management estimates the allowance using relevant available information from both internal and external sources, relating to past events, current conditions and reasonable and supportable forecasts. Historical credit loss experience paired with economic forecasts provide the basis for the quantitatively modeled estimation of expected credit losses. First Financial adjusts its quantitative model, as necessary, to reflect conditions not already considered therein. These adjustments are commonly known as the Qualitative Framework. The evaluation of these factors is the responsibility of the ACL committee, which is comprised of senior officers from the risk management, credit administration, finance and lending areas. 
 
 See Table 10 Summary of the ACL and Selected Statistics for a summary of activity impacting the ACL and Table 11 Allocation of the ACL for detail on its composition. 
 
 2022 vs. 2021. The total ACL, which includes both funded and unfunded reserves, was 151.4 million at December 31, 2022, which combined with 6 bps of net charge-offs to result in 11.7 million in total provision expense for the year. This compared to a total allowance of 145.4 million as of December 31, 2021 and 18.1 million of provision recapture in 2021. 
 
 The Company utilized the Moody's December baseline forecast as its R S forecast in the quantitative model at December 31, 2022. For reasonableness, the Company also considered the impact to the model from alternative, more adverse economic forecasts, slower prepayment speeds and increased default rates. These alternative analyses were utilized to inform the Company's qualitative adjustments. Additionally, First Financial considered its credit exposure to certain industries believed to be at risk for future credit stress, such as franchise, hotel and investor commercial real estate lending, when making qualitative adjustments to the ACL model. 
 
 ACL - Loans and Leases . The ACL on loans and leases at December 31, 2022 was 133.0 million, or 1.29 of total loans, which was a 1.0 million, or 0.7 , increase from 132.0 million, and 1.42 of loans at December 31, 2021. Provision expense increased 25.8 million, or 135.4 , to 6.7 million in 2022 from 19.0 million of provision recapture in 2021. Modest ACL growth and the related increase in provision expense in 2022 was driven by strong loan growth, slower prepayments speeds and stable credit quality during the period. Provision recapture in 2021 was driven by improvements in credit quality and economic outlook following peak pandemic uncertainty in 2020. 
 
 Net charge-offs decreased 18.9 million, or 76.7 , to 5.7 million for 2022 compared to 24.7 million for 2021, while the ratio of net charge-offs as a percentage of average loans outstanding decreased to 6 bps in 2022 from 26 bps in 2021. This decline in net charge-offs reflected stable credit quality and the Company's focused resolution efforts over the course of the year. Additionally, 9.2 million of net charge-offs incurred in 2021 were the result of the sale of 133.8 million of hotel loans, which was executed to address various portfolio concentrations. 
 
 The ACL as a percentage of nonaccrual loans was 464.6 at December 31, 2022 and 272.8 at December 31, 2021. The increase in this ratio was attributed to the decline in nonaccrual loans during the period coupled with the slight increase in the ACL. The ACL as a percentage of nonperforming loans including accruing TDRs was 335.9 at December 31, 2022 compared to 220.0 at December 31, 2021. 
 
 First Financial Bancorp 2022 Annual Report 19 

Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 

 Provision expense is a product of the Company's ACL model combined with net charge-off activity during the period. Provision expense increased 25.8 million during 2022 as the Company recorded 6.7 million of provision expense during the period compared to 19.0 million of provision recapture in 2021. 
 
 ACL - Unfunded Commitments . The ACL on unfunded commitments was 18.4 million as of December 31, 2022 and 13.4 million as of December 31, 2021. First Financial recorded 5.0 million of provision expense on unfunded commitments for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to 0.9 million for the same period of 2021. The increases in both the ACL and provision expense on unfunded commitments were driven by an increase in the volume of outstanding commitments due to strong origination efforts during 2022 as well as a decline in commercial prepayments, which resulted in a longer duration for the unfunded commitment portfolio. 
 
 For further discussion of First Financial's ACL, see Note 6 Allowance for Credit Losses in the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 20 First Financial Bancorp 2022 Annual Report 

Table 10 Summary of the ACL and Selected Statistics (Dollars in thousands) 2022 2021 2020 2019 2018 Transactions in the allowance for credit losses: Balance at January 1 131,992 175,679 57,650 56,542 54,021 Day one adoption impact of ASC 326 0 0 61,505 0 0 Purchase accounting ACL for PCD 0 17 0 0 0 Provision for credit losses 6,731 (19,024) 70,796 30,598 14,586 Loans charged-off: Commercial industrial 5,899 15,620 5,345 26,676 11,533 Lease financing 152 0 852 162 0 Construction real estate 0 1,498 0 0 0 Commercial real estate 3,667 13,471 12,100 3,689 4,835 Real estate-residential 224 127 488 677 422 Home equity 160 1,073 1,541 2,591 1,725 Installment 1,549 334 148 223 435 Credit card 907 780 885 1,547 1,720 Total loans charged-off 12,558 32,903 21,359 35,565 20,670 Recoveries of loans previously charged-off: Commercial industrial 939 1,612 2,907 2,883 2,066 Lease financing 49 0 0 0 1 Construction real estate 0 3 17 68 146 Commercial real estate 4,304 4,785 2,262 1,113 4,106 Real estate-residential 174 228 381 273 211 Home equity 898 1,223 1,132 1,335 1,309 Installment 165 151 158 251 575 Credit card 283 221 230 152 191 Total recoveries 6,812 8,223 7,087 6,075 8,605 Net charge-offs 5,746 24,680 14,272 29,490 12,065 Balance at December 31 132,977 131,992 175,679 57,650 56,542 Net charge-offs to average loans and leases Commercial industrial 0.17 0.50 0.08 0.95 0.38 Lease financing 0.07 0.00 1.07 0.17 0.00 Construction real estate 0.00 0.26 0.00 (0.01) (0.03) Commercial real estate (0.02) 0.20 0.23 0.07 0.02 Real estate-residential 0.01 (0.01) 0.01 0.04 0.03 Home equity (0.10) (0.02) 0.05 0.16 0.06 Installment 0.87 0.20 (0.01) (0.03) (0.15) Credit card 1.14 1.13 1.39 2.81 3.19 Total net charge-offs 0.06 0.26 0.14 0.33 0.15 Nonperforming assets Nonaccrual loans (2) 
 28,623 48,392 80,752 48,165 70,700 Accruing troubled debt restructurings 
 10,960 11,616 7,099 11,435 16,109 Total nonperforming loans 39,583 60,008 87,851 59,600 86,809 Other real estate owned (OREO) 191 98 1,287 2,033 1,401 Total nonperforming assets 39,774 60,106 89,138 61,633 88,210 Accruing loans past due 90 days or more 857 137 169 201 63 Total underperforming assets 40,631 60,243 89,307 61,834 88,273 Total classified assets 128,137 104,815 142,021 89,250 131,668 Credit quality ratios: As a percent of year-end loans, net of unearned income: Allowance for credit losses 1.29 1.42 1.77 0.63 0.64 Nonaccrual loans 0.28 0.52 0.82 0.52 0.80 Nonperforming loans (1) 
 0.38 0.65 0.89 0.65 0.98 Allowance for credit losses to nonaccrual loans 464.58 272.76 217.55 119.69 79.97 Allowance for credit losses to nonperforming loans 335.94 219.96 199.97 96.73 65.13 
 (1) Includes loans classified as nonaccrual and troubled debt restructurings. 
 (2) Nonaccrual loans include nonaccrual TDRs of 10.0 million, 16.0 million, 14.7 million, 18.5 million, and 22.4 million, as of December 31, 2022, 2021, 2020, 2019, and 2018, respectively. 
 First Financial Bancorp 2022 Annual Report 21 

Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 

 Table 11 Allocation of the ACL 
 December 31, 2022 2021 2020 2019 2018 (Dollars in thousands) Allowance Percent of Loans to Total Loans Allowance Percent of Loans to Total Loans Allowance Percent of Loans to Total Loans Allowance Percent of Loans to Total Loans Allowance Percent of Loans to Total Loans Balance at End of Period Applicable to: Commercial and industrial 42,313 33.1 44,052 29.3 51,454 30.4 18,584 32.6 18,746 28.5 Lease financing 3,571 2.3 1,633 1.2 995 0.8 971 0.8 1,130 1.1 Real estate construction 13,527 5.0 11,874 4.9 21,736 6.4 2,381 5.0 3,413 6.2 Real estate commercial 41,106 39.3 53,420 45.5 76,795 43.5 23,579 42.6 21,048 42.5 Real estate residential 12,684 10.6 6,225 9.6 8,560 10.1 5,299 10.3 4,964 10.8 Installment, home equity credit card 19,776 9.7 14,788 9.5 16,139 8.8 6,836 8.7 7,241 10.9 Total 132,977 100.0 131,992 100.0 175,679 100.0 57,650 100.0 56,542 100.0 

DERIVATIVES 
 
 First Financial is authorized to use certain derivative instruments including interest rate caps, floors, swaps and foreign exchange contracts to meet the needs of its clients while managing interest rate risk associated with certain transactions. The Company does not use derivatives for speculative purposes. 
 
 First Financial primarily utilizes interest rate swaps, which generally involve the receipt by First Financial of floating rate amounts from swap counterparties in exchange for payments to these counterparties by First Financial of fixed rate amounts received from borrowers. This results in the Company's loan customers receiving fixed rate funding while providing First Financial with a floating rate asset. 
 
 In conjunction with participating interests in commercial loans, First Financial periodically enters into risk participation agreements with counterparties whereby First Financial assumes a portion of the credit exposure associated with an interest rate swap on the participated loan in exchange for a fee. Under these agreements, First Financial will make payments to the counterparty if the loan customer defaults on its obligation to perform under the interest rate swap contract with the counterparty. 
 
 First Financial enters into IRLCs and forward commitments for the future delivery of mortgage loans to third party investors, which are considered derivatives. When borrowers secure an IRLC with First Financial and the loan is intended to be sold, First Financial will enter into forward commitments for the future delivery of the loans to third party investors in order to hedge against the effect of changes in interest rates impacting IRLCs and loans held for sale. 
 
 First Financial may enter into foreign exchange derivative contracts for the benefit of commercial customers to hedge their exposure to foreign currency fluctuations. Similar to the hedging of interest rate risk from interest rate derivative contracts, First Financial also enters into foreign exchange contracts with major financial institutions to economically hedge the exposure from client driven foreign exchange activity. The Company has risk limits and internal controls in place to help ensure excessive risk is not being taken in providing this service to customers. 
 
 See Note 13 Derivatives in the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information regarding First Financial's use of derivative instruments. 

DEPOSITS 
 
 First Financial solicits deposits by offering commercial and consumer clients a wide variety of transaction and savings accounts, including checking, savings, money-market and time deposits of various maturities and rates. 
 
 2022 vs. 2021. First Financial's total deposits decreased 170.8 million, or 1.3 , to 12.7 billion as of December 31, 2022 from 12.9 billion at December 31, 2021. This decline was driven by a decrease in savings deposits of 329.2 million, or 7.9 , a decrease in interest-bearing checking deposits of 161.6 million, or 5.1 , and a decrease in noninterest bearing deposits of 50.4 million, or 1.2 . These changes were partially offset by a 370.4 million, or 27.8 , increase in time deposits. Total non-time deposit balances were 11.0 billion as of December 31, 2022 and 11.5 billion as of December 31, 2021. The decline in deposits was driven by rising interest rates and the corresponding competitive pressures. 
 22 First Financial Bancorp 2022 Annual Report 

Total average deposits for 2022 decreased 80.1 million, or 0.6 , from 2021 primarily due to a decrease in average time deposits of 426.2 million, or 26.6 , and a decrease in average savings deposits 15.8 million, or 0.4 , partially offset by 
 an increase in average noninterest bearing deposits of 191.7 million, or 4.8 , and an increase in average interest-bearing demand deposits of 170.2 million, or 5.7 . The decline in time deposits was largely attributed to a 292.1 million decrease in average brokered deposits as the Company shifted to short term borrowings to satisfy its funding needs. 
 
 Table 12 Uninsured Deposits-Maturities of Time Deposits Greater Than or Equal to 250,000 details the contractual maturity of deposits that are not FDIC insured. Time Deposits Greater Than or Equal to 250,000 represented 1.3 of total deposits outstanding at December 31, 2022 and 1.5 at December 31, 2021. 
 
 Table 12 Uninsured Deposits-Maturities of Time Deposits Greater than or Equal to 250,000 (Dollars in thousands) CDs IRAs Total December 31, 2022 Maturing in 3 months or less 38,264 1,382 39,646 3 months to 6 months 21,380 610 21,990 6 months to 12 months 46,710 2,385 49,095 over 12 months 49,806 4,602 54,408 Total 156,160 8,979 165,139 December 31, 2021 Maturing in 3 months or less 37,198 2,274 39,472 3 months to 6 months 46,053 1,215 47,268 6 months to 12 months 51,377 4,571 55,948 over 12 months 49,945 2,993 52,938 Total 184,573 11,053 195,626 

BORROWINGS 
 
 First Financial's short-term borrowings are utilized to manage the Company's normal liquidity needs. These borrowings include repurchase agreements utilized for corporate sweep accounts with cash management account agreements in place, as well as overnight advances from the FHLB. The Company's long-term borrowings consist of subordinated debt, FRB borrowings, FHLB long-term advances, repurchase agreements utilizing investment securities pledged as collateral and a capital loan from a municipality. 
 
 2022 vs. 2021. First Financial utilizes both short-term borrowings and long-term advances from the FHLB as wholesale funding sources. Borrowed funds were 1.6 billion as of December 31, 2022 compared to 706.0 million as of December 31, 2021. Borrowings increased during the period largely as a result of the Company utilizing short term advances in lieu of brokered CDs to satisfy its funding needs. 
 
 Short-term borrowings increased 991.0 million, or 334.6 , to 1.3 billion at December 31, 2022, from 296.2 million at December 31, 2021. First Financial had 1.1 billion of short-term borrowings from the FHLB at December 31, 2022 compared to 225.0 million at December 31, 2021. These short-term borrowings provided the required liquidity for funding the Company's loan growth. Short-term borrowings included no repurchase agreements as of December 31, 2022 compared to 51.2 million at December 31, 2021. The Company had no federal funds purchased as of December 31, 2022 or 2021. 
 
 Total long-term debt was 346.7 million and 409.8 million at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Outstanding subordinated debt totaled 313.7 million and 313.2 million as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The subordinated debt is treated as Tier 2 capital for regulatory capital purposes and also included unamortized valuation and debt issuance costs of 7.8 million and 8.6 million as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 
 In conjunction with the acquisition of Summit, First Financial assumed 96.4 million in outstanding long-term borrowings at December 31, 2021. These acquired long-term borrowings included 23.0 million of lines of credit with other banks utilized to 
 First Financial Bancorp 2022 Annual Report 23 

Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 

 operate the business and carried an average interest rate of 2.77 . These lines of credit were paid off in January 2022. Acquired long term borrowings also included term notes, both with and without recourse. These term notes had outstanding balances of 32.5 million and 73.4 million with average interest rates of 4.44 and 4.09 at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. These term notes were used to finance Summit's equity investment in the purchase of equipment to be leased to customers. 
 
 The Company had no FHLB long-term advances as of December 31, 2022 or 2021. First Financial's total remaining borrowing capacity from the FHLB was 347.4 million at December 31, 2022. For ease of borrowing execution, First Financial utilizes a blanket collateral agreement with the FHLB. First Financial pledged 6.0 billion of certain eligible residential, commercial and agricultural real estate loans, home equity lines of credit and certain agency CMOs, municipals and CMBS securities as collateral for borrowings from the FHLB as of December 31, 2022. 
 
 See Note 12 Borrowings in the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information on First Financial's borrowings. 

LIQUIDITY 
 
 Liquidity management is the process by which First Financial manages the continuing flow of funds necessary to meet its financial commitments on a timely basis and at a reasonable cost. These funding commitments include withdrawals by depositors, credit commitments to borrowers, shareholder dividends, share repurchases, operating expenses and capital expenditures. Liquidity is derived primarily from deposit growth, principal and interest payments on loans and investment securities, maturing loans and investment securities and access to wholesale funding sources. 
 
 First Financial s most stable source of liability-funded liquidity for both long and short-term needs is deposit growth and retention of the core deposit base. In addition to core deposit funding, First Financial also utilizes a variety of other short and long-term funding sources, which include subordinated notes, longer-term advances from the FRB and FHLB and its short-term line of credit. For further information regarding the company's liability-funded liquidity, see Note 11 - Deposits and Note 12 - Borrowings. 
 
 First Financial has a 40.0 million short-term credit facility with an unaffiliated bank that matures in December 2023. This facility has a variable interest rate and provides First Financial additional liquidity, if needed, for various corporate activities including the repurchase of First Financial common stock and the payment of dividends to shareholders. As of December 31, 2022, First Financial had no outstanding balance and at December 31, 2021, First Financial had an outstanding balance of 20.0 million on this short-term credit facility. The credit agreement requires First Financial to comply with certain covenants including those related to asset quality and capital levels, and First Financial was in compliance with all covenants associated with this facility as of December 31, 2022. 
 
 Both First Financial and the Bank received investment grade credit ratings from Kroll Bond Rating Agency, Inc., an independent rating agency. These credit ratings impact the cost and availability of financing to First Financial, and a downgrade to these credit ratings could affect First Financial's or the Bank s abilities to access the credit markets and potentially increase borrowing costs, negatively impacting financial condition and liquidity. Key factors in maintaining high credit ratings include consistent and diverse earnings, strong credit quality and capital ratios, diverse funding sources and disciplined liquidity monitoring procedures. The ratings of First Financial and the Bank at December 31, 2022 were as follows: 
 Table 13 Credit Ratings First Financial Bancorp First Financial Bank Senior Unsecured Debt BBB+ A- Subordinated Debt BBB BBB+ Short-Term Debt K2 K2 Deposit N/A A- Short-Term Deposit N/A K2 
 
 For ease of borrowing execution, First Financial utilizes a blanket collateral agreement with the FHLB. First Financial pledged 6.0 billion of certain eligible residential, commercial and farm real estate loans, home equity lines of credit and government, agency and CMBS investments as collateral for borrowings from the FHLB as of December 31, 2022. 
 
 24 First Financial Bancorp 2022 Annual Report 

First Financial's principal source of asset-funded liquidity is marketable investment securities, particularly those of shorter maturities. The market value of investment securities classified as AFS totaled 3.4 billion and 4.2 billion at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. As of December 31, 2022, 1.9 billion of AFS securities were unpledged and there were 371.4 million of securities available to be sold at breakeven. 
 
 HTM securities that are maturing within a short period of time can be an additional source of liquidity. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company had no HTM securities maturing within one year. 
 
 In total, First Financial expects 814.2 million of cash flows from its investment portfolio in the next 12 months. 
 
 Other sources of liquidity include cash and due from banks and interest-bearing deposits with other banks. At December 31, 2022, these balances totaled 595.7 million, and First Financial had unused and available overnight wholesale funding sources of 3.7 billion, or 22.0 of total assets, to fund loan and deposit activities in addition to general corporate requirements. 
 
 Certain restrictions exist regarding the Bank's ability to transfer funds to First Financial in the form of cash dividends, loans, other assets or advances and the approval of the Bank's primary federal regulator is required to pay dividends in excess of regulatory limitations. Dividends paid to First Financial from the Bank totaled 170.0 million, 200.0 million and 80.0 million for 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. As of December 31, 2022, the Bank had retained earnings of 794.6 million, of which 219.3 million was available for distribution to First Financial without prior regulatory approval. As an additional source of liquidity, First Financial had 91.0 million in cash at the parent company as of December 31, 2022. 
 
 Share repurchases also impact First Financial's liquidity. For further information regarding share repurchases, see the Capital section that follows. 
 
 Capital expenditures were 13.8 million for 2022, 15.3 million for 2021 and 16.5 million for 2020. Material commitments for capital expenditures as of December 31, 2022, were 31.6 million. Management believes that sufficient liquidity exists to fund its future capital expenditure commitments. 
 
 Management is not aware of any other trends, events or regulatory requirements that, if implemented, are likely to have a material effect on First Financial s liquidity. 

CAPITAL 
 
 Risk-Based Capital. First Financial and its subsidiary, First Financial Bank, are subject to regulatory capital requirements administered by federal banking agencies. Capital adequacy guidelines and, additionally for banks, prompt corrective action regulations involve quantitative measures of assets, liabilities and certain off-balance sheet items calculated under regulatory guidelines. Capital amounts and classifications are also subject to qualitative judgments by regulators. Failure to meet minimum capital requirements can initiate regulatory action. 
 
 The Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System approved Basel III in order to strengthen the regulatory capital framework for all banking organizations, subject to a phase-in period for certain provisions. Basel III established and defined quantitative measures to ensure capital adequacy. These measures require First Financial to maintain minimum amounts and ratios of Common equity Tier 1 capital, Total and Tier 1 capital to risk-weighted assets and Tier 1 capital to average assets (Leverage ratio). 
 
 Basel III includes a minimum ratio of Common equity Tier 1 capital to risk-weighted assets of 7.0 and includes a fully phased-in capital conservation buffer of 2.5 of risk-weighted assets. Further, the minimum ratio of Tier 1 capital to risk-weighted assets is 8.5 and all banks are subject to a 4.0 minimum leverage ratio, while the minimum required Total risk-based capital ratio is 10.5 . Failure to maintain the required Common equity Tier 1 capital will result in potential restrictions on a bank s ability to pay dividends, repurchase stock and pay discretionary compensation to its employees. The capital requirements also provide strict eligibility criteria for regulatory capital instruments and change the method for calculating risk-weighted assets in an effort to better identify riskier assets, such as highly volatile commercial real estate and nonaccrual loans. 
 
 First Financial's Tier 1 capital remained relatively stable at 11.17 at December 31, 2022 compared to 11.22 at December 31, 2021, while the total capital ratio decreased to 13.64 from 14.11 during the same period. The leverage ratio increased to 8.89 at December 31, 2022, compared to 8.70 at December 31, 2021, while the Company s tangible common equity ratio decreased to 5.95 at December 31, 2022 from 7.58 at December 31, 2021. The decline in the tangible common equity ratio 
 First Financial Bancorp 2022 Annual Report 25 

Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 

 was primarily driven by the decline in accumulated other comprehensive income during the period, which was due to unrealized losses in the investment portfolio as a result of rising interest rates. 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, First Financial met all capital adequacy requirements to which it was subject. At December 31, 2022 and 2021, regulatory notifications categorized First Financial Bank as well-capitalized under the regulatory framework for prompt corrective action. There have been no conditions or events that management believes has changed the Company s capital categorization. 
 
 For further detail on First Financial's capital ratios at December 31, 2022, see Note 20 Capital in the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 Table 14 Capital Adequacy December 31, (Dollars in thousands) 2022 2021 Consolidated capital calculations Common stock 1,634,605 1,640,358 Retained earnings 968,237 837,473 Accumulated other comprehensive loss (358,663) (433) Treasury stock, at cost (202,806) (218,456) Total shareholders' equity 2,041,373 2,258,942 Common equity tier 1 capital adjustments Goodwill and other intangibles (1,095,426) (1,105,116) Total tangible equity 945,947 1,153,826 Total assets 17,003,316 16,329,141 Goodwill and other intangibles (1,095,426) (1,105,116) Total tangible assets 15,907,890 15,224,025 Common tier 1 capital 1,399,420 1,262,789 Tier 1 capital 1,443,698 1,306,571 Total capital 1,762,971 1,642,549 Total risk-weighted assets 12,923,233 11,642,201 Average assets (1) 
 16,240,905 15,010,256 Regulatory capital Common tier 1 ratio 10.83 10.85 Tier 1 ratio 11.17 11.22 Total capital ratio 13.64 14.11 Leverage ratio 8.89 8.70 Other capital ratios Total shareholders' equity to ending assets 12.01 13.83 Total tangible shareholders' equity to ending tangible assets 5.95 7.58 Total tangible shareholders' equity to risk-weighted assets 7.32 9.91 (1) For purposes of calculating the Leverage ratio, certain intangible assets are excluded from average assets. 

First Financial generally seeks to balance the return of earnings to shareholders through shareholder dividends and share repurchases with capital retention in order to maintain adequate levels of capital and support the Company's growth plans. 
 
 Shareholder Dividends. First Financial s dividend payout ratio, or total dividends paid divided by net income available to common shareholders, was 39.5 , 42.6 and 57.5 for the years 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. The dividend payout ratio is continually reviewed by management and the board of directors for consistency with First Financial s overall capital 
 26 First Financial Bancorp 2022 Annual Report 

planning activities and compliance with applicable regulatory limitations. In January 2023, the board of directors authorized a dividend of 0.23 per common share, payable on March 15, 2023 to all shareholders of record as of March 1, 2023. 
 
 Share Repurchases. Effective January 2022, First Financial's board of directors approved a stock repurchase plan (the 2022 Repurchase Plan), replacing the 2020 Repurchase Plan which became effective in January 2021. The 2022 Repurchase Plan continues for two years and authorizes the purchase of up to 5,000,000 shares of the Company's common stock and will expire in December 2023. First Financial did not purchase any shares under the 2022 Repurchase Plan during 2022. 
 
 The 2020 Repurchase Plan replaced the plan that expired on December 31, 2020 (the 2019 Repurchase Plan). Under the 2020 Repurchase Plan, First Financial repurchased 4,633,355 shares at an average market price of 23.33 during 2021. 
 
 Shareholders' Equity. Total shareholders equity at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 was 2.0 billion and 2.3 billion, respectively. The decline in total equity compared to the prior year was due to 358.2 million decline in accumulated other comprehensive income during the period, which was driven by higher unrealized losses in the investment portfolio as a result of rising interest rates. This decline more than offset an increase in retained earnings during the year, which was the result of the Company's strong earnings. 
 
 For further detail, see the Consolidated Statements of Changes in Shareholders Equity. 

PENSION PLAN 
 
 First Financial sponsors a non-contributory defined-benefit pension plan covering substantially all employees. The significant assumptions used in the valuation and accounting for the pension plan include the discount rate, expected return on plan assets and the rate of employee compensation increase. The discount rate assumption was determined based on highly rated corporate bonds, weighted to adjust for their relative size, projected plan cash flows using the annuity substitution method as well as comparisons to external industry surveys. The expected return on plan assets was 7.25 for both 2022 and 2021, and was based on the composition of plan assets, actual returns, economic forecasts and economic trends. The assumed rate of compensation increase was 3.50 and was compared to historical increases for plan participants for reasonableness. 
 
 Presented below is the estimated impact on First Financial s projected benefit obligation and pension expense as of December 31, 2022, assuming shifts in the significant assumptions: 
 Table 15 Rate Change Impact on Pension Parameters Discount rate Expected return on plan assets Rate of compensation increase (Dollars in thousands) -100 BP +100 BP -100 BP +100 BP -100 BP +100 BP Change in Projected Benefit Obligation 3,465 (2,654) N/A N/A (377) 774 Change in Pension Expense 128 165 1,515 (1,515) (296) 540 
 
 Based upon the plan s current funding status and updated actuarial projections for 2022, First Financial recorded expense related to its pension plan of 2.0 million for 2022, 3.4 million for 2021 and 2.5 million for 2020 in the Consolidated Statements of Income. First Financial will make contributions to the plan if plan assets do not meet or exceed ERISA s minimum funding standards. Given the plan's over-funded status, First Financial made no cash contributions to fund the pension plan in 2022, 2021 or 2020 nor does it expect to make a cash contribution in 2023. 
 
 See Note 17 Employee Benefit Plans in the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information on First Financial's pension plan. 
 
 First Financial Bancorp 2022 Annual Report 27 

Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 

 ENTERPRISE RISK MANAGEMENT 
 First Financial considers risk to be any issue that could have an adverse impact on the Company's capital or earnings, or negatively impact the Company's ability to meet its objectives. First Financial manages risks through a structured ERM approach that routinely assesses the overall level of risk, identifies specific risks and evaluates the steps being taken to mitigate those risks. First Financial continues to enhance its risk management capabilities and has, over time, embedded risk awareness into the Company's culture. ERM allows First Financial to align a variety of risk management activities within the Company into a cohesive, enterprise-wide approach and focus on process-level risk management activities and strategic objectives within the risk management culture. Additionally, ERM allows the Company to deliberately develop risk responses and evaluate the effectiveness of mitigation compared to established thresholds for risk appetite and tolerance, in addition to facilitating the consideration of significant organizational changes and consolidation of information through a common process for management and the board of directors. 
 
 First Financial has identified nine types of risk that it monitors in its ERM framework. These risks include credit, market (composed of interest rate, liquidity, capital, foreign exchange and financial risk), operational, compliance, strategic, reputation, information technology, cybersecurity and legal. 
 
 First Financial uses a robust regulatory risk framework as one of the foundational components of its ERM framework. This allows for a common categorization across the Company and provides a consistent and complete risk framework that can be summarized and assessed enterprise-wide. Additionally, the risk framework utilized is consistent with that used by the Company s regulators, which results in additional feedback on First Financial s ability to assess and measure risk across the organization as well as the ability for management and the board of directors to identify and understand differences in assessed risk profiles. 
 
 ERM helps ensure that First Financial continues to identify and adequately address risks that emerge from a combination of new customers, products and associates, changing markets, new lines of business and processes and new or evolving systems. 
 
 The goals of First Financial s ERM framework are to: 
 
 focus on the Company at both the enterprise and line of business levels; 
 align the Company's risk appetite with its strategic, operational, compliance and reporting objectives; 
 enhance risk response decisions; 
 reduce operational deficiencies and possible losses; 
 identify and manage interrelated risks; 
 provide integrated responses to multiple risks; 
 improve the deployment and allocation of capital; and 
 improve overall business performance. 
 
 Specific enterprise-level objectives include: 
 
 creating a holistic view of risk in which risk is comprehensively considered, consistently communicated and documented in decision making; 
 centralizing the oversight of risk management activities; 
 defining the risks that will be addressed by the enterprise and each functional area or business unit to create an awareness of risks affecting the Company; 
 establishing and maintaining systems and mechanisms to identify, assess, monitor and measure risks that may impact First Financial s ability to achieve its business objectives; 
 creating a process which ensures that, for all new lines of business and new product decisions, management evaluates the expertise needed and assesses the risks involved; 
 establishing and maintaining systems and mechanisms to monitor risk responses; 
 developing risk occurrence information systems to provide early warning of events or situations that create risk for the Company; 
 maintaining a compliance culture and framework that ensures adherence to laws, rules and regulations, fair treatment and privacy of customers and prevention of money laundering and terrorist financing; 
 implementing and reviewing risk measurement techniques that management may use to establish the Company s risk tolerance, assess risk likelihood and impact, main effective controls and analyze risk and control monitoring processes; and 
 28 First Financial Bancorp 2022 Annual Report 

establishing appropriate management reporting systems regarding the enterprise-wide risk exposures and allocation of capital. 
 
 Line of business-level objectives focus on why and where the particular business or business unit risk exists; how the business unit s management of its risks affects the Company s strategy, earnings, reputation and other key success factors; whether the line of business objectives are aligned with enterprise objectives, how effective internal procedures are integral to successful 
 business operations , and whether internal controls and their maintenance are reliable. 
 
 Board of Directors and Board Risk Compliance Committees. First Financial s board of directors is responsible for understanding the Company s compliance and risk management objectives and risk tolerance, and as such, board oversight of the Company s compliance and risk management activities is a key component to an effective risk management process. The Board's oversight responsibilities include: 
 
 establishing and guiding the Company s strategic direction and tolerance for risk, including the determination of the aggregate risk appetite and identifying the senior managers who have the responsibility for managing risk; 
 monitoring the Company s performance and overall risk profile, ensuring that the level of risk is maintained at prudent levels and is supported by adequate capital; 
 ensuring that the Company implements sound fundamental principles that facilitate the identification, measurement, monitoring and control of risk; 
 ensuring that adequate resources are dedicated to compliance and risk management; and 
 confirming that awareness of risk management activities is evident throughout the organization. 
 
 The board of directors has defined broad risk tolerance levels, or limits, to guide management in the decision-making process, and is responsible for establishing information and communication requirements to ensure that risk management activities remain within these tolerance limits. The risk and compliance committee, a standing committee of the board of directors, is responsible for carrying out the board s responsibilities in this regard. Other standing committees of the board (audit, compensation, corporate governance and nominating, and capital markets) oversee particular areas of risk governance assigned specifically to them. 
 
 Executive and Senior Management. Members of executive and senior management are responsible for managing risk activities and delegating risk authority and tolerance to the responsible risk owners. 
 
 Management is responsible for identifying which processes and activities are critical to achieving the Company s business objectives within tolerance levels. Management then delegates responsibility, authority and accountability to the appropriate risk owners who are responsible for ensuring that the respective processes and activities are designed and implemented to manage the related risks within those delegated tolerance levels. Management analyzes and monitors risk management performance with key risk indicator and key performance indicator dashboards. 
 
 Chief Risk Officer. The chief risk officer is responsible for the oversight of the Company s ERM processes. The chief risk officer may appoint other officers or establish other management committees as required for effective risk management and governance, including risk identification, risk measurement, risk monitoring, risk control or mitigation and risk reporting and assurance. The chief risk officer is also responsible for the maintenance of procedures, methodologies and guidelines considered necessary to administer the ERM program. 
 
 Chief Compliance Officer . The chief compliance officer is responsible for the oversight of the Company s compliance management function, which includes Bank Secrecy Act/Anti-Money Laundering and all other regulatory compliance. The chief compliance officer is authorized to implement all necessary actions to ensure achievement of the objectives of an effective compliance program and may appoint other officers or establish other management committees as required for effective compliance management. The chief compliance officer reviews and evaluates compliance issues and concerns and is responsible for monitoring and reporting results of the compliance efforts in addition to providing guidance to the board of directors and senior management team on matters relating to compliance. 
 
 Committee Chairs. The ERM program utilizes multiple management committees as its primary assessment and communication mechanism for identified risks. Committee chairs play key roles in the execution of risk management activities throughout the enterprise and are responsible for continuous updates and communication among committee members in conjunction with the risk management department regarding changes to risk profiles, changes to risk assessments and the emergence of new risks that could impact the Company. 
 
 First Financial Bancorp 2022 Annual Report 29 

Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 

 Internal Audit. Internal audit is responsible for planning audit activities to periodically reassess the design and operation of key risk management processes and to make periodic evaluations of the ongoing accuracy and effectiveness of the communications from risk owners to senior management and from senior management to the board of directors. 
 
 Risk Assessment Process. The periodic assessment of risks is a key component of a sound ERM program. Managers, business line leaders and executives are responsible for developing the risk and control assessment for their individual departments, business lines and subsidiaries. The chief risk officer, management and the board risk and compliance committee are responsible for ensuring that risk is viewed and analyzed from an enterprise-level global perspective. Furthermore, interrelated risks are considered, assessing how a single risk or event may create multiple risks. 
 
 Risk management programs, in each functional component and in aggregate, accomplish the following: 
 
 identify risks and their respective owners; 
 link identified risks and their mitigation to the Company's strategic objectives; 
 utilize risk and control assessments that evaluate both inherent risks and their associated likelihood of occurrence and consequences, as well as the associated controls employed and their effectiveness in reducing risk; the risks and their associated likelihood of occurrence and consequences; 
 encourage employees in all units to develop a working understanding of upstream and downstream activities; 
 develop strategies to manage risk, such as avoiding the risk; reducing the negative effect of the risk; transferring the risk to another party; and/or accepting some or all of the consequences of a particular risk; 
 prioritize the risk issues with regard to the current residual risk status and trend; 
 provide reports to management and risk owners that will assist them in implementing appropriate risk management processes; 
 assist management in assessing the alternatives for managing risks; 
 assist management in the development of risk management plans; and 
 track risk management/mitigation efforts. 
 
 Monitoring and Reporting. The board of directors oversees risk reporting and monitoring through the board risk and compliance committee, which meets at least quarterly. 
 
 Management continually reviews any risk identified as key, as well as the appropriateness of established tolerance limits and the actions considered as necessary to mitigate key risks. As circumstances warrant, management provides recommendations to the board risk and compliance committee related to changes or adjustments to key risks or tolerance limits. 
 
 First Financial believes that communication is fundamental to successful risk management and productive reporting and communication between the risk management department, management and the board of directors is required for collaborative and effective risk management. 

CREDIT RISK 
 
 Credit risk represents the risk of loss due to failure of a customer or counterparty to meet its financial obligations in accordance with contractual terms. First Financial manages credit risk through its underwriting and ongoing administration practices, periodically reviewing and approving its credit exposures using credit policies and guidelines approved by the board of directors. 

MARKET RISK 
 
 Market risk is the risk of loss arising from adverse changes in the fair value of financial instruments due to changes in interest rates, foreign exchange rates and equity prices. The primary sources of market risk for First Financial are interest rate risk and liquidity risk. 
 
 Interest rate risk is the risk to earnings and the value of the Company's equity arising from changes in market interest rates. Interest rate risk arises in the normal course of business to the extent that there is a divergence between the amount of interest-earning assets and the amount of interest-bearing liabilities that are prepaid, withdrawn, re-priced or mature in specified periods. First Financial seeks to achieve consistent growth in net interest income and equity while managing volatility from shifts in market interest rates. 
 
 30 First Financial Bancorp 2022 Annual Report 

First Financial monitors its interest rate risk position using income simulation models and EVE sensitivity analyses that capture both short-term and long-term interest rate risk exposure. Income simulation involves forecasting NII under a variety of interest rate scenarios. EVE is calculated by discounting the cash flows for all balance sheet instruments under different interest rate scenarios. First Financial uses EVE sensitivity analysis to understand the impact of changes in interest rates on long-term cash flows, income and capital. For both NII and EVE modeling, First Financial leverages instantaneous parallel shocks to evaluate interest rate risk exposure across rising and falling rate scenarios. Additional scenarios evaluated include various non-parallel yield curve twists. 
 
 First Financial s interest rate risk models are based on the contractual and assumed cash flows and repricing characteristics for the Company s assets, liabilities and off-balance sheet exposure. A number of assumptions are also incorporated into the interest rate risk models, including prepayment behaviors and repricing spreads for assets in addition to attrition and repricing rates for liabilities. Assumptions are primarily derived from behavior studies of the Company s historical client base and are continually refined. Modeling the sensitivity of NII and EVE to changes in market interest rates is highly dependent on the assumptions incorporated into the modeling process. 
 
 Non-maturity deposit modeling is particularly dependent on the assumption for repricing sensitivity known as a beta. Beta is the amount by which First Financial s interest bearing non-maturity deposit rates will increase when short-term interest rates rise. The Company utilized a weighted average deposit beta of 35 in its interest rate risk modeling as of December 31, 2022. First Financial also includes an assumption for the migration of non-maturity deposit balances into CDs for all upward rate scenarios beginning with the +100 BP scenario, thereby increasing deposit costs and reducing asset sensitivity. 
 
 Presented below is the estimated impact on First Financial s NII and EVE as of December 31, 2022, assuming immediate, parallel shifts in interest rates: 
 Table 16 Rate Change Impact on NII and EVE Change from base case for immediate parallel changes in rates -100 BP +100 BP +200 BP NII - Year 1 (6.67) 4.49 8.15 NII - Year 2 (7.23) 4.78 8.82 EVE (3.98) 2.52 4.62 
 
 Risk-neutral refers to the absence of a strong bias toward either asset or liability sensitivity. Asset sensitivity is when a company's interest-earning assets reprice more quickly or in greater quantities than interest-bearing liabilities. Conversely, liability sensitivity is when a company's interest-bearing liabilities reprice more quickly or in greater quantities than interest-earning assets. In a rising interest rate environment, asset sensitivity results in higher net interest income while liability sensitivity results in lower net interest income. In a declining interest rate environment, asset sensitivity results in lower net interest income while liability sensitivity results in higher net interest income. 
 
 The projected results for NII and EVE reflect an asset sensitive position, due to a strong funding mix of low cost transactional deposits supporting loans priced primarily off the short end of the rate curve. The down rate shock sensitivity remains elevated due to asset yields improving faster than lagged deposit costs. First Financial continues to manage its balance sheet with a bias toward asset sensitivity while simultaneously balancing the potential earnings impact of this strategy. 
 
 First Financial continually evaluates the sensitivity of its interest rate risk position to modeling assumptions. The following table reflects First Financial s estimated NII sensitivity profile as of December 31, 2022 assuming both a 25 increase and decrease to the beta assumption on managed rate deposit products: 
 Table 17 Estimated Interest Sensitivity on NII Beta sensitivity change from base) +100 BP +200 BP Beta 25 lower Beta 25 higher Beta 25 lower Beta 25 higher NII-Year 1 5.30 3.69 8.93 7.37 NII-Year 2 5.57 3.99 9.58 8.06 
 
 See the Net Interest Income section of Management s Discussion and Analysis for further discussion. 
 First Financial Bancorp 2022 Annual Report 31 

Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 

Table 18 Market Risk Disclosure projects the principal maturities and yields of First Financial s interest-bearing financial instruments at December 31, 2022 for the next five years and thereafter, as well as the fair value of the instruments. For loans, securities and liabilities with contractual maturities, the table presents principal cash flows and related weighted-average interest rates by contractual maturities. For investment securities, including MBS and CMO, principal cash flows are based on estimated average lives. For loan instruments without contractual maturities, such as credit card loans, principal payments are allocated based on historical payment activity trends. Maturities for interest-bearing liability accounts with no contractual maturity dates are estimated according to historical experience of cash flows and current expectations of client behaviors when calculating fair value, but are included in the maturing in one year or less category as they can be withdrawn on demand. 
 Table 18 Market Risk Disclosure Fair Value Principal Amount Maturing In December 31, (Dollars in thousands) 2023 2024 2025 2026 2027 Thereafter Total 2022 Rate sensitive assets Fixed interest rate loans (1) 
 417,925 313,701 283,213 244,982 204,152 1,117,088 2,581,061 2,353,681 Average interest rate 4.74 4.76 4.71 4.72 4.62 3.99 4.39 Variable interest rate loans (1) 
 1,279,082 1,222,269 943,376 941,274 957,423 2,249,427 7,592,851 7,570,590 Average interest rate 6.87 6.77 6.70 6.55 7.00 6.32 6.64 Fixed interest rate securities 149,097 202,578 190,155 260,486 358,580 1,564,496 2,725,392 2,720,355 Average interest rate 3.04 3.14 3.07 3.26 2.47 2.27 2.54 Variable interest rate securities 241,367 144,163 100,540 115,676 109,632 56,899 768,277 765,778 Average interest rate 7.42 7.18 6.46 6.03 6.47 5.61 6.77 Other earning assets 388,182 0 0 0 0 0 388,182 388,182 Average interest rate 4.40 0.00 0.00 0.00 0.00 0.00 4.40 Rate sensitive liabilities Noninterest-bearing checking (2) 
 4,135,180 0 0 0 0 0 4,135,180 4,135,180 Savings and interest-bearing checking (2) 
 6,865,292 0 0 0 0 0 6,865,292 6,865,292 Average interest rate 0.73 0.00 0.00 0.00 0.00 0.00 0.73 Time deposits 1,320,228 293,735 37,093 37,881 11,768 0 1,700,705 1,670,275 Average interest rate 3.05 2.07 0.38 0.56 0.52 0.00 2.75 Fixed interest rate borrowings 1,292,131 5,160 125,580 6,083 6,495 150,379 1,585,828 1,587,432 Average interest rate 4.58 6.78 5.19 6.56 6.57 5.35 4.72 Variable interest rate borrowings 0 0 0 0 0 48,000 48,000 47,765 Average interest rate 0.00 0.00 0.00 0.00 0.00 7.33 7.33 
 
 (1) Includes loans held for sale. 
 (2) Deposits without a stated maturity are represented as maturing within one year due to the ability of the client to withdraw deposited amounts on demand. 

Liquidity risk is the potential that an entity will be unable to meet its obligations as they come due because of an inability to liquidate assets or obtain funding or that it cannot easily unwind or offset exposures without significantly lowering market prices because of inadequate market depth or market disruptions. Management focuses on maintaining and enhancing liquidity by maximizing collateral-based liquidity availability. First Financial manages liquidity in relation to the trend and stability of deposits; degree and reliance on short-term, volatile sources of funds, including any undue reliance on borrowings or brokered deposits to fund longer-term assets. Management identifies, measures, monitors and manages liquidity while seeking to maintain diversification of funding sources, both on- and off-balance-sheet. 
 
 In 2022, the Company continued to update liquidity risk management processes, such as refining the contingency funding plan, meeting frequently, securing additional contingent borrowing capacity and developing additional ad-hoc liquidity reporting to monitor funding inflows and outflows related to the PPP funding and forgiveness. Management is closely monitoring the usage of excess business deposits, the balance of personal deposits and the broader macroeconomic environment. For further discussion of the Company's liquidity, please see the Liquidity section within Management's Discussion and Analysis. 
 32 First Financial Bancorp 2022 Annual Report 

OPERATIONAL RISK 
 
 Operational risk is the risk of loss due to human behavior, inadequate or failed internal systems and controls and external influences such as market conditions, fraudulent activities, natural disasters and security risks. First Financial continuously strives to strengthen the Company s system of internal controls and operating processes as well as associates' ability to assess the impact on earnings and capital from operational risk. 
 
 COMPLIANCE RISK 
 
 Compliance risk represents the risk of regulatory sanctions, reputational impact or financial loss resulting from the Company s failure to comply with rules and regulations issued by the various banking agencies and standards of good banking practice. Activities which may expose First Financial to compliance risk include, but are not limited to, those dealing with the prevention of money laundering, privacy and data protection, community reinvestment initiatives, fair lending challenges resulting from the Company s ongoing management of its banking center network and employment and tax matters. 
 
 STRATEGIC AND REPUTATION RISK 
 
 Strategic risk represents the risk of loss due to failure to fully develop and execute business plans, failure to assess current and new business opportunities, markets and products, inability to effectively manage human capital risk factors such as satisfaction, engagement, attrition, retention, and diversity, equity and, inclusion (DEI) and any other event not identified in the defined risk types previously mentioned. Strategic risk focuses on analyzing factors that affect the direction of the institution or improper implementation of decisions 
 
 Reputation risk represents the risk of loss or impairment of earnings and capital from negative publicity. This affects the ability of First Financial to establish new relationships or services or to continue servicing existing relationships. Reputation risk is recognized by the effect that public opinion could have on First Financial's franchise value and has evolved in recent years with the growth in social media. First Financial also seeks to build social responsibility into its brand and has formed a corporate responsibility working group to develop an initial corporate social responsibility (CSR) report, which will highlight First Financial s efforts, goals, and plans to help the environment and our communities. 
 
 Mitigation of strategic and reputation risk elements is achieved through initiatives that help First Financial better understand and report on the various risks it faces each day, including those related to the development of new products and business initiatives and client feedback response and mitigation routines that analyze and share feedback data with business lines for client experience and process improvements. 
 
 INFORMATION TECHNOLOGY RISK 
 
 Information technology risk is the risk that the information technologies utilized by FFB are not efficiently and effectively supporting the current and future needs of the business, operating as intended or compromise the availability, integrity and reliability of data and information. This risk also considers whether or not the Company s information technology exposes the Company's assets to potential loss or misuse, or threatens the Company s ability to sustain the operation of critical business processes. 
 
 CYBERSECURITY RISK 
 
 Cybersecurity (cyber) risk is differentiated from information technology risk by threat interactions that yield high impact consequences and ever-increasing probability. First Financial continues to be the target of various evolving and adaptive cyber attacks, including malware, phishing and distributed denial-of-service, in order to disrupt the operations of financial institutions, potentially test their cybersecurity capabilities, commit fraud, or obtain confidential, proprietary or other information. While standard security operations address most day-to-day incidents, cyber risk includes threats and attacks that often use advanced tools, techniques and processes to evade detection or inflict maximum damage to an organization's information assets. Cyber threats and attacks adapt and evolve rapidly, so First Financial works to continuously enhance controls and processes to protect its networks and applications from attack, damage or unauthorized access. Critical components to the Company s cyber risk control structure include corporate governance, threat intelligence, security awareness training and patch management programs. Cyber risk mitigation includes effectively identifying, protecting against, detecting, responding to and recovering from cyber threats. 
 
 First Financial Bancorp 2022 Annual Report 33 

Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 

 LEGAL RISK 
 
 Legal risk encompasses the impact of unenforceable contracts, lawsuits or adverse judgments, which can disrupt or otherwise negatively affect the Company s operations or condition. Legal risk also includes the exposure from litigation, fiduciary relationships and contractual obligations from both traditional and nontraditional financial institution activities. Legal risk is present in all areas of the Company and its activities. 

FOURTH QUARTER REVIEW 
 
 For the three months ended December 31, 2022, the Company reported net income of 69.1 million, or 0.73 per diluted common share. These results compare to net income of 55.7 million, or 0.59 per diluted common share, for the third quarter of 2022. Return on average assets for the fourth quarter of 2022 was 1.63 compared to a return on assets of 1.35 in the third quarter of 2022. 
 
 Loan balances increased 501.5 million from the third quarter of 2022, an increase of 20.3 on an annualized basis. The increase was attributed to strong origination volumes across much of the portfolio and included 129.7 million in new finance leases from Summit Funding Group. Average deposit balances increased 261.3 million compared to the linked quarter, primarily due to a 319.3 million increase in brokered CD balances. Outside of this increase, average deposit balances were relatively stable during the fourth quarter. 
 
 Net interest margin for the fourth quarter of 2022 was 4.43 , or 4.47 on a fully tax-equivalent basis. This was a 50 basis point increase from the third quarter of 2022, and was driven by a 96 bp increase in loan yields due to continued Federal Reserve rate hikes. These asset yields more than offset a 31 bp increase in the cost of deposits for the quarter. 
 
 Noninterest income for the fourth quarter of 2022 was 56.0 million, an increase of 13.5 million, or 31.7 , over the prior quarter. The fourth quarter included record Bannockburn income of 19.6 million, an increase of 7.8 million, or 66.7 , from the third quarter as well as record Summit leasing business income of 11.1 million, an increase of 4.0 million, or 56.1 . Mortgage banking income declined 1.5 million, or 40.8 , during the quarter as demand softened due to higher interest rates. 
 
 Noninterest expense for the fourth quarter of 2022 was 124.4 million, a decrease of 0.6 million, or 0.5 , from the linked quarter. The decrease included a 7.9 million, or 33.3 decline in other noninterest expense, which was driven by lower write-downs of tax credit investments, but partially offset by a 2.5 million contribution to the First Financial Foundation. Largely offsetting the decline in other noninterest expenses was a 6.8 million, or 10.2 , increase in salaries and employee benefits, which was driven by incentive costs tied to record foreign exchange income during the period as well as the Company's overall performance. 
 
 The ACL, including both funded and unfunded reserves, was 151.4 million at December 31, 2022, and the Company recorded 10.0 million in total provision expense during the fourth quarter. The provision expense was driven by significant loan growth combined with the slowing of prepayment speeds, which increased the duration of the portfolio. Asset quality was relatively stable and the Company recorded 1 basis point of net recoveries annualized as a percentage of loan balances during the quarter. 

CRITICAL ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES 
 
 First Financial s Consolidated Financial Statements are prepared based on the application of accounting policies, the most significant of which are described in Note 1 Summary of Significant Accounting Policies in the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. These policies require the reliance on estimates and assumptions which are inherently subjective and may be susceptible to significant change. Changes in underlying factors, assumptions or estimates could have a material impact on First Financial s future financial condition and results of operations. In management s opinion, some of these estimates and assumptions have a more significant impact than others on First Financial s financial reporting. 
 
 For First Financial, these estimates and assumptions include accounting for the ACL - loans and leases, goodwill, pension and income taxes. The estimates and assumptions made are based upon historical experience, future forecasts, or other factors that management believes to be reasonable under the circumstances. Because of the nature of the judgment and assumptions, actual results could differ from estimates, which could have a material effect on our financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 34 First Financial Bancorp 2022 Annual Report 

FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 
 
 Certain statements contained in this report which are not statements of historical fact constitute forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Words such as believes, anticipates, likely, expected, estimated, intends and other similar expressions are intended to identify forward-looking statements but are not the exclusive means of identifying such statements. Examples of forward-looking statements include, but are not limited to, statements we make about (i) our future operating or financial performance, including revenues, income or loss and earnings or loss per share, (ii) future common stock dividends, (iii) our capital structure, including future capital levels, (iv) our plans, objectives and strategies, and (v) the assumptions that underlie our forward-looking statements. 
 
 As with any forecast or projection, forward-looking statements are subject to inherent uncertainties, risks and changes in circumstances that may cause actual results to differ materially from those set forth in the forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements are not historical facts but instead express only management s beliefs regarding future results or events, many of which, by their nature, are inherently uncertain and outside of management s control. It is possible that actual results and outcomes may differ, possibly materially, from the anticipated results or outcomes indicated in these forward-looking statements. Important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those in our forward-looking statements include the following, without limitation: 
 
 economic, market, liquidity, credit, interest rate, operational and technological risks associated with the Company s business; 
 
 future credit quality and performance, including our expectations regarding future loan losses and our allowance for credit losses; 
 
 the effect of and changes in policies and laws or regulatory agencies, including the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act and other legislation and regulation relating to the banking industry; (iv) management s ability to effectively execute its business plans; 
 
 mergers and acquisitions, including costs or difficulties related to the integration of acquired companies; 
 
 the possibility that any of the anticipated benefits of the Company s acquisitions will not be realized or will not be realized within the expected time period; 
 
 the effect of changes in accounting policies and practices; 
 
 changes in consumer spending, borrowing and saving and changes in unemployment; 
 
 changes in customers performance and creditworthiness; 
 
 the costs and effects of litigation and of unexpected or adverse outcomes in such litigation; 
 
 current and future economic and market conditions, including the effects of changes in housing prices, fluctuations in unemployment rates, U.S. fiscal debt, budget and tax matters, geopolitical matters, and any slowdown in global economic growth; 
 
 the adverse impact on the U.S. economy, including the markets in which we operate, of the novel coronavirus, which causes the Coronavirus disease 2019 COVID-19 ), global pandemic, and the impact on the performance of our loan and lease portfolio, the market value of our investment securities, the availability of sources of funding and the demand for our products; 
 
 our capital and liquidity requirements (including under regulatory capital standards, such as the Basel III capital standards) and our ability to generate capital internally or raise capital on favorable terms; 
 
 financial services reform and other current, pending or future legislation or regulation that could have a negative effect on our revenue and businesses, including the Dodd-Frank Act and other legislation and regulation relating to bank products and services; 
 
 First Financial Bancorp 2022 Annual Report 35 

Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 

 the effect of the current interest rate environment or changes in interest rates or in the level or composition of our assets or liabilities on our net interest income, net interest margin and our mortgage originations, mortgage servicing rights and mortgage loans held for sale; 
 
 the effect of a fall in stock market prices on our brokerage, asset and wealth management businesses; 
 
 a failure in or breach of our operational or security systems or infrastructure, or those of our third-party vendors or other service providers, including as a result of cyber attacks; 
 
 the effect of changes in the level of checking or savings account deposits on our funding costs and net interest margin; and 
 
 our ability to develop and execute effective business plans and strategies. 
 
 These and other risk factors are more fully described in First Financial's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022 under the section entitled Item 1A. Risk Factors and from time to time, in other filings with the SEC. Readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the date of this report. Actual results may differ materially from those expressed in or implied by any forward-looking statements. Except to the extent required by applicable law or regulation, First Financial undertakes no obligation to revise or update publicly any forward-looking statements for any reason. 
 
 36 First Financial Bancorp 2022 Annual Report 

Management s Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 
 First Financial s management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting. First Financial s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed under the supervision of First Financial s chief executive officer and chief financial officer to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. Any system of internal control, no matter how well designed, has inherent limitations, including the possibility that a control can be circumvented or overridden and misstatements due to error or fraud may occur and not be detected. Also, because of changes in conditions, internal control effectiveness may vary over time. Accordingly, even an effective system of internal control will provide only reasonable assurance with respect to financial statement preparation. As of December 31, 2022, First Financial s management, including the chief executive officer and the chief financial officer, evaluated the effectiveness of First Financial s internal controls over financial reporting, using as its framework for that evaluation the Internal Control Integrated Framework published by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations (COSO) of the Treadway Commission (2013 framework). Based on the evaluation, we believe that, as of December 31, 2022, our internal control over financial reporting is effective based on those criteria. 
 
 Crowe LLP, the independent registered public accounting firm that audited the consolidated financial statements included in this Form 10-K, has issued an attestation report on First Financial s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022. The report, which expresses an unqualified opinion on First Financial s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, is included in the information that follows under the heading Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm." 

/s/ Archie M. Brown /s/ James M. Anderson President and Chief Executive Officer Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer February 24, 2023 February 24, 2023 
 
 First Financial Bancorp 2022 Annual Report 37 

Crowe LLP 
 Independent Member Crowe Global 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 
 Shareholders and the Board of Directors of First Financial Bancorp 
 Cincinnati, Ohio 
 
 Opinions on the Financial Statements and Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 
 We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of First Financial Bancorp (the "Company") as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the related consolidated statements of income, comprehensive income (loss), changes in shareholders equity, and cash flows for each of the years in the three-year period ended December 31, 2022, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the "financial statements"). We also have audited the Company s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control - Integrated Framework: (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO). 
 
 In our opinion, the financial statements referred to above present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the years in the three-year period ended December 31, 2022 in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. Also in our opinion, the Company maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control - Integrated Framework: (2013) issued by COSO. 
 
 Basis for Opinions 
 
 The Company s management is responsible for these financial statements, for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting, and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting, included in the accompanying Management s Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s financial statements and an opinion on the Company s internal control over financial reporting based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) ("PCAOB") and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 
 We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audits to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud, and whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. 
 
 Our audits of the financial statements included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. Our audit of internal control over financial reporting included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, and testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk. Our audits also included performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinions. 

Definition and Limitations of Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 
 A company s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 
 
 Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 
 
 Critical Audit Matter 
 
 The critical audit matter communicated below is a matter arising from the current period audit of the financial statements that was communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that: (1) relates to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of the critical audit matter does not alter in any way our opinion on the financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matter below, providing a separate opinion on the critical audit matter or on the accounts or disclosures to which it relates. 
 
 Allowance for Credit Losses for Loans Qualitative Factors - Refer to Notes 1and 6 to the financial statements 
 
 The allowance for credit losses (the ACL is an accounting estimate of expected credit losses over the estimated life of financial assets carried at amortized cost and off-balance-sheet credit exposures in accordance with ASC 326. The standard requires a financial asset (or a group of financial assets), including the Company's loan portfolio, measured at amortized cost, to be presented at the net amount expected to be collected. Estimates of expected credit losses for loans are based on historical experience, current conditions and reasonable and supportable forecasts over the estimated life of the loans. In order to estimate the expected credit losses, the Company utilizes a loss estimation model. 
 
 Management quantitatively models expected credit loss using Probability of Default PD ), Loss Given Default LGD ), and Exposure at Default EAD over the Reasonable and Supportable R S forecast, reversion and post-reversion periods. Utilizing third-party software, the Company forecasts PD by using transition matrices to evaluate when events are more or less likely to occur based on previous events. The transition matrices are adjusted under forward-looking macroeconomic expectations to obtain R S forecasts. Management utilizes third-party software for estimating LGD. The PD multiplied by LGD produces an expected loss rate that, when calculating the ACL, is applied to contractual loan cash flows, adjusted for expected future rates of principal prepayments. The Company adjusts its quantitative model for certain qualitative factors to reflect the extent to which management expects current conditions and R S forecasts to differ from the conditions that existed for the period over which historical information was evaluated. The qualitative framework reflects changes related to relevant data, such as changes in asset quality trends, portfolio growth and composition, national and local economic factors, credit policy and administration and other factors not considered in the base model. The ACL is measured on a collective (pool) basis when similar risk characteristics exist. The ACL is influenced by loan volumes, risk rating migration, delinquency status and other conditions influencing loss expectations, such as reasonable and supportable forecasts of economic conditions. 
 
 The Allowance for Credit Losses for Loans was identified by us as a critical audit matter because of the extent of auditor judgment applied and significant audit effort to evaluate the significant subjective and complex judgments made by management. The principal considerations resulting in our determination included the following: 
 
 Significant auditor judgment and effort were used in evaluating the qualitative factors used in the calculation. 
 Significant audit effort related to the completeness and accuracy of the high volume of data used in the model computation. 
 
 The primary procedures performed to address the critical audit matter included: 

Testing the effectiveness of management s internal controls over the preparation and evaluation of the ACL calculation, significant model assumptions, development and reasonableness of qualitative factors, completeness and accuracy of data used in the calculation, systems used in the development of the estimate, and the appropriateness of the overall calculation. 
 Substantively testing management s process for developing qualitative factors and assessing relevance and reliability of data used to develop factors, including evaluating management s judgments and assumptions for reasonableness. 
 Substantively testing the mathematical accuracy of the EAD model including the completeness and accuracy of loan data used in the model to estimate ACL. 

We have served as the Company's auditor since 2015, which is the year the engagement letter was signed for the audit of the 2016 financial statements. 
 February 24, 2023 

Consolidated Balance Sheets 
 
 December 31, (Dollars in thousands) 2022 2021 Assets Cash and due from banks Interest-bearing deposits with other banks Investment securities available-for-sale, at fair value (amortized cost at December 31, 2022 and at December 31, 2021) 
 Investment securities held-to-maturity (fair value at December 31, 2022 and at December 31, 2021) 
 Other investments, at fair value Loans held for sale, at fair value Loans and leases Commercial industrial Lease financing Construction real estate Commercial real estate Residential real estate Home equity Installment Credit card Total loans and leases Less: Allowance for credit losses ) ) Net loans and leases Premises and equipment Operating leases Goodwill Other intangibles Accrued interest and other assets Total assets Liabilities Deposits Interest-bearing demand Savings Time Total interest-bearing deposits Noninterest-bearing Total deposits Federal funds purchased and securities sold under agreements to repurchase FHLB short-term borrowings Other short-term borrowings Total short-term borrowings Long-term debt Total borrowed funds Accrued interest and other liabilities Total liabilities Shareholders' equity Common stock - no par value Authorized - shares; Issued - shares in 2022 and in 2021 
 Retained earnings Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) ) ) Treasury stock, at cost, shares in 2022 and shares in 2021 
 ) ) Total shareholders' equity Total liabilities and shareholders' equity 
 
 See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 

Consolidated Statements of Income 
 
 Years ended December 31, (Dollars in thousands except per share data) 2022 2021 2020 Interest income Loans and leases, including fees Investment securities Taxable Tax-exempt Total interest on investment securities Other earning assets Total interest income Interest expense Deposits Short-term borrowings Long-term borrowings Total interest expense Net interest income Provision for credit losses - loan and lease losses ) Provision for credit losses - unfunded commitments ) Net interest income after provision for credit losses Noninterest income Service charges on deposit accounts Trust and wealth management fees Bankcard income Client derivative fees Foreign exchange income Leasing business income Net gain from sales of loans Net gain (loss) on sales/transfers of investment securities ) ) Net gain (loss) on equity securities ) Other Total noninterest income Noninterest expenses Salaries and employee benefits Net occupancy Furniture and equipment Data processing Marketing Communication Professional services Debt extinguishment State intangible tax FDIC assessments Intangible assets amortization Leasing business expense Other Total noninterest expenses Income before income taxes Income tax expense Net income Earnings per common share Basic Diluted Average common shares outstanding - basic Average common shares outstanding - diluted 
 
 See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 

Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income (Loss) 
 
 Years ended December 31, (Dollars in thousands) 2022 2021 2020 Net income Other comprehensive income (loss), net of tax: Unrealized gain (loss) on debt securities arising during the period ) ) Change in retirement obligation ) Unrealized gain (loss) on foreign currency exchange ) ) Other comprehensive income (loss) ) ) Comprehensive income (loss) ) 
 
 See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 

First Financial Bancorp 2021 Annual Report 43 

Consolidated Statements of Changes in Shareholders' Equity 
 
 Accumulated Common Common other stock stock Retained comprehensive Treasury stock (Dollars in thousands, except share amounts) shares amount earnings income (loss) Shares Amount Total Balance at January 1, 2020 ) ) Impact of cumulative effect of adoption of new accounting principles ) ) Net income Other comprehensive income (loss) Cash dividends declared: Common stock at per share 
 ) ) Purchase of common stock ) ) ) Exercise of stock options, net of shares purchased ) Restricted stock awards, net of forfeitures ) ) Share-based compensation expense Balance at December 31, 2020 ) ) Net income Other comprehensive income (loss) ) ) Cash dividends declared: Common stock at per share 
 ) ) Purchase of common stock ) ) ) Common stock issued in connection with business combinations 1,251 Exercise of stock options, net of shares purchased ) Restricted stock awards, net of forfeitures ) ) Share-based compensation expense Balance at December 31, 2021 ) ) ) Net income Other comprehensive income (loss) ) ) Cash dividends declared: Common stock at per share 
 ) ) Exercise of stock options, net of shares purchased ) Restricted stock awards, net of forfeitures ) ) Share-based compensation expense Balance at December 31, 2022 ) ) ) 
 
 See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 44 First Financial Bancorp 2022 Annual Report 

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
 
 Year ended December 31, (Dollars in thousands) 2022 2021 2020 Operating activities Net income Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash provided by (used in) operating activities: Provision for credit losses ) Depreciation and amortization Stock-based compensation expense Pension expense (income) Net amortization (accretion) on investment securities Net (gain) loss on sales/transfers of investments securities ) Net (gain) loss on equity securities ) ) Originations of loans held for sale ) ) ) Net (gains) losses on sales of loans held for sale ) ) ) Proceeds from sales of loans held for sale Deferred income taxes ) ) Amortization of operating leases Payment of operating lease liability ) ) ) Bank owned life insurance income ) ) ) Decrease (increase) in interest receivable ) ) (Decrease) increase in interest payable ) ) Decrease (increase) in other assets ) ) (Decrease) increase in other liabilities ) Net cash provided by (used in) operating activities Investing activities Proceeds from sales of investment securities available-for-sale Proceeds from calls, paydowns and maturities of securities available-for-sale Purchases of securities available-for-sale ) ) ) Proceeds from calls, paydowns and maturities of securities held-to-maturity Purchases of securities held-to-maturity ) ) Proceeds from calls, paydowns and maturities of other securities Purchases of other investment securities ) ) ) Net decrease (increase) in interest-bearing deposits with other banks ) ) Proceeds from sales of loans and leases held for investment Net decrease (increase) in loans and leases ) ) Proceeds from disposal of other real estate owned Purchases of premises and equipment ) ) ) Net change in operating leases ) Life insurance death benefits Net cash acquired (paid) from business combinations ) Net cash provided by (used in) investing activities ) ) ) Financing activities Net (decrease) increase in total deposits ) Net (decrease) increase in short-term borrowings ) Payments on long-term borrowings ) ) ) Proceeds from long-term borrowings Cash dividends paid on common stock ) ) ) Purchases of common stock ) ) Proceeds from exercise of stock options Net cash provided by (used in) financing activities Cash and due from banks Net (decrease) increase in Cash and due from banks ) ) Cash and due from banks at beginning of year Cash and due from banks at end of year 
 First Financial Bancorp 2022 Annual Report 45 

Supplemental disclosures Interest paid Income taxes paid Acquisition of other real estate owned through foreclosure Issuance of restricted stock awards Investment securities purchased not settled Common stock issued in acquisitions Supplemental schedule for investing activities Business combinations Assets acquired, net of purchase consideration Liabilities assumed Goodwill 

See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 46 First Financial Bancorp 2022 Annual Report 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

1. 

First Financial Bancorp 2022 Annual Report 47 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

million and million as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, is excluded by policy election from the estimate of credit losses. 
 
 Allowance for credit losses - available-for-sale securities. For AFS debt securities in an unrealized loss position, the Company first assesses whether it intends to sell, or it is more likely than not that it will be required to sell the security before recovery of its amortized cost basis. If either of the criteria regarding intent or requirement to sell is met, the security s amortized cost basis is written down to fair value through income. For debt securities available-for-sale that do not meet the aforementioned criteria, the Company evaluates whether the decline in fair value has resulted from credit losses or other factors. In making this assessment, management considers the extent to which fair value is less than amortized cost, any changes to the rating of the security by a rating agency and adverse conditions specifically related to the security, among other factors. If this assessment indicates that a credit loss exists, the present value of cash flows expected to be collected from the security are compared to the amortized cost basis of the security. 
 
 If the present value of cash flows expected to be collected is less than the amortized cost basis, a credit loss exists and an allowance for credit losses is recorded, limited by the amount that the fair value is less than the amortized cost basis. Any impairment that has not been recorded through an allowance for credit loss is recognized in other comprehensive income (loss). Changes in the allowance for credit losses are recorded as provision for credit loss expense. Losses are charged against the allowance when management believes the uncollectibility of an AFS security is confirmed or when either of the criteria regarding intent or requirement to sell is met. Accrued interest receivable on AFS debt securities, which totaled million and million as of December 31, 2022 and 2020, respectively, is excluded from the estimate of credit losses. 
 
 48 First Financial Bancorp 2022 Annual Report 

. When management determines that foreclosure is probable or when repayment is expected to be provided substantially through the operation or sale of underlying collateral, expected credit losses are based on the fair value of the collateral at the reporting date, adjusted for selling costs, as applicable. For loans evaluated on an individual basis that are not determined to be collateral dependent, a discounted cash flow analysis is performed to determine expected credit losses. 
 
 Expected credit losses are estimated over the contractual term of the loans, adjusted for expected prepayments when appropriate. The contractual term excludes expected extensions, renewals and modifications unless either of the following applies: management has a reasonable expectation at the reporting date that a troubled debt restructuring will be executed with an individual borrower or the extension or renewal options are included in the original or modified contract at the reporting date and are not unconditionally cancellable by the Company. 
 
 Credit card receivables do not have stated maturities. In determining the estimated life of a credit card receivable, management first estimates the future cash flows expected to be received and then applies those expected future cash flows to the credit card balance. 
 
 Significant downturns in circumstances relating to loan quality and economic conditions could result in a requirement for additional allowance. Likewise, an upturn in loan quality and improved economic conditions may allow a reduction in the required allowance. In either instance, unanticipated changes could have a significant impact on results of operations. 

to years for building and building improvements; to years for furniture, fixtures 
 First Financial Bancorp 2022 Annual Report 49 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

 to years for software, hardware and data handling equipment. Land improvements are depreciated over years and leasehold improvements are depreciated over the lesser of the term of the respective lease or the useful life of the asset. Premises and equipment are evaluated for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of an asset may not be recoverable. Maintenance and repairs are expensed as incurred. 

50 First Financial Bancorp 2022 Annual Report 

First Financial Bancorp 2022 Annual Report 51 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

52 First Financial Bancorp 2022 Annual Report 

2. 

First Financial Bancorp 2022 Annual Report 53 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

3. 

million and million, respectively, in cash restricted for withdrawal and usage due to the centrally cleared derivative initial margin requirement. Additionally, First Financial had required reserves with the FRB as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. 
 
 Dividends paid by First Financial to its shareholders are principally funded through dividends paid to the Company by its subsidiaries; however, certain restrictions exist regarding the ability of the Bank to transfer funds to First Financial in the form of cash dividends, loans or advances. The approval of the Federal Reserve Board and the ODFI is required for the Bank to pay dividends in excess of the regulatory limit, which is equal to the net income of the current year through the dividend date combined with the Bank's retained net income from the two preceding years. As of December 31, 2022, First Financial's subsidiaries had retained earnings of million, of which million was available for distribution to First Financial without prior regulatory approval. 

4. 

million of AFS securities resulted in gains of million and losses of million. During the year ended December 31, 2021, proceeds on the sale of million of AFS securities resulted in gains of million and losses of million. During the year ended December 31, 2020, proceeds on the sale of million of AFS securities resulted in gains of million and losses of million. The impact to income tax expense from these sales was insignificant in all three years. 
 
 In 2022 and 2021, t here were reclassifications of HTM securities to AFS securities. 
 
 The carrying value of investment securities pledged as collateral to secure public deposits, repurchase agreements and for other purposes as required by law totaled billion at both December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021. 
 
 ) Securities of U.S. government agencies and corporations ) Mortgage-backed securities - residential ) Mortgage-backed securities - commercial ) ) Collateralized mortgage obligations ) ) Obligations of state and other political subdivisions ) ) Asset-backed securities ) Other securities ) ) Total ) ) 
 
 54 First Financial Bancorp 2022 Annual Report 

) Securities of U.S. government agencies and corporations ) Mortgage-backed securities - residential ) Mortgage-backed securities - commercial ) Collateralized mortgage obligations ) Obligations of state and other political subdivisions ) Asset-backed securities ) Other securities ) ) Total ) ) 
 
 Due after one year through five years Due after five years through ten years Due after ten years Mortgage-backed securities - residential Mortgage-backed securities - commercial Collateralized mortgage obligations Asset-backed securities Total 
 
 Unrealized gains and losses on debt securities are generally due to fluctuations in current market yields relative to the yields of the securities at their amortized cost. All AFS securities with unrealized losses are reviewed quarterly to determine if any impairment exists, requiring a write-down to fair value. For AFS securities in an unrealized loss position, the Company first assesses whether it intends to sell or it is more likely than not that it will be required to sell the security before recovery of its amortized cost basis. If either of the criteria regarding intent or requirement to sell is met, the security s amortized cost basis is written down to fair value through income. For debt securities available-for-sale in an unrealized loss position that do not meet the aforementioned criteria, the Company evaluates whether the decline in fair value has resulted from credit losses or other factors. In making this assessment, management considers the extent to which fair value is less than amortized cost, any changes to the rating of the security by a rating agency and adverse conditions specifically related to the security, among other factors. If this assessment indicates that a credit loss exists, the present value of cash flows expected to be collected from the security are compared to the amortized cost basis of the security . If the present value of cash flows expected to be collected is less than the amortized cost basis for the security, a credit loss exists and an allowance for credit losses is recorded, limited to the amount that the fair value of the security is less than its amortized cost basis. 
 
 First Financial does not intend to sell, and it is not more likely than not that the Company will be required to sell, debt securities temporarily impaired prior to maturity or recovery of the recorded value. Additionally, based on the Company's credit assessment of AFS securities in an unrealized loss position, the Company recorded reserves on investment securities for the twelve months ended December 31, 2022 or 2021. 
 
 First Financial Bancorp 2022 Annual Report 55 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

 securities, of which were in an unrealized loss position. As of December 31, 2021, the Company's investment securities portfolio consisted of securities, of which were in an unrealized loss position. 
 
 Certain HTM debt securities owned by First Financial are issued by U.S. government-sponsored enterprises. These securities carry the explicit and/or implicit guarantee of the U.S. government, are widely recognized as risk free, and have a long history of zero credit loss. The remainder of the Company's HTM securities are debt obligations of public and private corporations with no credit issues, as well as no n-agency collateralized mortgage obligations and obligations of state and other political subdivisions which currently carry ratings no lower than A+. There were HTM securities on nonaccrual status or past due as of December 31, 2022, or 2021. The Company did not record an allowance for credit losses for these securities as of December 31, 2022 or 2021. 
 
 ) ) ) Securities of U.S. government agencies and corporations ) ) Mortgage-backed securities - residential ) ) ) Mortgage-backed securities - commercial ) ) ) Collateralized mortgage obligations ) ) ) Obligations of state and other political subdivisions ) ) ) Asset-backed securities ) ) ) Other securities ) ) ) Total ) ) ) 
 
 December 31, 2021 Less than 12 months 12 months or more Total (Dollars in thousands) Fair value Unrealized loss Fair value Unrealized loss Fair value Unrealized loss U.S. Treasuries ) ) Securities of U.S. Government agencies and corporations ) ) Mortgage-backed securities - residential ) ) ) Mortgage-backed securities - commercial ) ) ) Collateralized mortgage obligations ) ) ) Obligations of state and other political subdivisions ) ) ) Asset-backed securities ) ) Other securities ) ) ) Total ) ) ) 
 
 For further detail on the fair value of investment securities, see Note 23 Fair Value Disclosures. 
 
 56 First Financial Bancorp 2022 Annual Report 

5. 

million in PPP loans, net of unearned fees of million. As of December 31, 2021, First Financial had million in PPP loans, net of unearned income of million. 
 
 Credit quality. To facilitate the monitoring of credit quality for commercial loans, First Financial utilizes the following categories of credit grades: 
 
 Pass - Higher quality loans that do not fit any of the other categories described below. 
 
 Special Mention - First Financial assigns a special mention rating to loans and leases with potential weaknesses that deserve management's close attention. If left uncorrected, these potential weaknesses may result in deterioration of the repayment prospects for the loan or lease or in First Financial's credit position at some future date. 
 
 Substandard - First Financial assigns a substandard rating to loans or leases that are inadequately protected by the current sound financial worth and paying capacity of the borrower or the collateral pledged, if any. Substandard loans and leases have well-defined weaknesses that jeopardize repayment of the debt. Substandard loans and leases are characterized by the distinct possibility that the Company will sustain some loss if the deficiencies are not addressed. 
 
 Doubtful - First Financial assigns a doubtful rating to loans and leases with all of the attributes of a substandard rating with the added characteristic that the weaknesses make collection or liquidation in full highly questionable and improbable, on the basis of currently existing facts, conditions and values. The possibility of loss is extremely high, but because of certain important and reasonably specific pending factors that may work to the advantage and strengthening of the credit quality of the loan or lease, its classification as an estimated loss is deferred until its more exact status may be determined. Pending factors include proposed merger, acquisition or liquidation procedures, capital injection, perfecting liens on additional collateral and refinancing plans. 
 
 The credit grades previously described are derived from standard regulatory rating definitions and are assigned upon initial approval of credit to borrowers and updated periodically thereafter. 
 
 First Financial considers repayment performance to be the best indicator of credit quality for consumer loans. Consumer loans that have principal and interest payments that are past due by 90 days or more are generally classified as nonperforming. Additionally, consumer loans that have been modified in a TDR are classified as nonperforming. 

First Financial Bancorp 2022 Annual Report 57 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

 Special mention Substandard Doubtful Total Lease financing Pass Special mention Substandard Doubtful Total Construction real estate Pass Special mention Substandard Doubtful Total Commercial real estate - investor Pass Special mention Substandard Doubtful Total Commercial real estate - owner Pass Special mention Substandard Doubtful Total Residential real estate Performing Nonperforming Total Home equity Performing Nonperforming Total Installment Performing Nonperforming Total Credit cards Performing Nonperforming Total Grand Total 

58 First Financial Bancorp 2022 Annual Report 

Special mention Substandard Doubtful Total Lease financing Pass Special mention Substandard Doubtful Total Construction real estate Pass Special mention Substandard Doubtful Total Commercial real estate - investor Pass Special mention Substandard Doubtful Total Commercial real estate - owner Pass Special mention Substandard Doubtful Total Residential real estate Performing Nonperforming Total Home equity Performing Nonperforming Total Installment Performing Nonperforming Total Credit cards Performing Nonperforming Total Grand Total 

First Financial Bancorp 2022 Annual Report 59 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

 Lease financing Construction real estate Commercial real estate-investor Commercial real estate-owner Residential real estate Home equity Installment Credit card Total 
 As of December 31, 2021 (Dollars in thousands) 30 - 59 days past due 60 - 89 days past due > 90 days past due Total past due Current Total > 90 days past due and still accruing Loans Commercial industrial Lease financing Construction real estate Commercial real estate-investor Commercial real estate-owner Residential real estate Home equity Installment Credit card Total 

First Financial had TDRs totaling million at December 31, 2022, including million of loans on accrual status and million of loans classified as nonaccrual. First Financial had commitments outstanding to lend additional funds to borrowers whose loan terms had been modified through TDRs, and the ACL included reserves of million related to TDRs 
 60 First Financial Bancorp 2022 Annual Report 

million for the portion of TDRs determined to be uncollectible. Additionally, as of December 31, 2022, approximately million of the accruing TDRs have been performing in accordance with the restructured terms for more than one year. 
 
 First Financial had TDRs totaling million at December 31, 2021, including million of loans on accrual status and million of loans classified as nonaccrual. First Financial had million of commitments outstanding to lend additional funds to borrowers whose loan terms had been modified through TDRs and the ACL included reserves of million related to TDRs as of December 31, 2021. For the year ended December 31, 2021, First Financial charged off million for the portion of TDRs determined to be uncollectible. Additionally, as of December 31, 2021, approximately million of the accruing TDRs have been performing in accordance with the restructured terms for more than one year. 
 
 First Financial had TDRs totaling million at December 31, 2020, including million of loans on accrual status and million of loans classified as nonaccrual. First Financial had million of commitments outstanding to lend additional funds to borrowers whose loan terms had been modified through TDRs. Additionally, First Financial charged off million for the portion of TDRs determined to be uncollectible for the year ended December 31, 2020. 
 
 Construction real estate Commercial real estate Residential real estate Home equity Installment Total 
 
 Adjusted interest rates Combination of rate and maturity changes Forbearance Bankruptcies Other (1) 
 Total 
 (1) Other includes covenant modifications and other concessions or combination of concessions that do not consist of interest rate adjustments, forbearance, bankruptcy and maturity extensions. 
 
 First Financial considers repayment performance as an indication of the effectiveness of the Company's loan modifications. Borrowers that are days or more past due on any principal or interest payments, or who prematurely terminate a restructured loan agreement without paying off the contractual principal balance, are considered to be in payment default of the terms of the TDR agreement. 
 
 First Financial Bancorp 2022 Annual Report 61 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

 TDRs with a balance of million for which there was a payment default during the period that occurred within twelve months of the loan modification. For the twelve months ended December 31, 2021 and 2020, there was TDR with an insignificant balance for which there was a payment default during the period that occurred within twelve months of the loan modification. 
 
 As stated in the CARES Act and subsequently modified by the Consolidated Appropriations Act, loan modifications in response to COVID-19 executed on loans that were not more than 30 days past due as of December 31, 2019 and executed between March 1, 2020 and the January 1, 2022 are not required to be reported as a TDR. 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, the Company's loan portfolio included active loan modifications made under the guidance of the CARES Act that were not classified as TDR. As of December 31, 2021, the Company's loan portfolio included million of active loan modifications made under the guidance of the CARES Act that were not classified as TDR. These modifications were comprised of commercial loans making interest only payments. 
 
 As of December 31, 2020, the Company's loan portfolio included million of active loan modifications made under the guidance of the CARES Act that were not classified as TDR. These modifications included million of borrowers making interest only payments at year end, and full principal and interest deferrals of million. Active modifications as of December 31, 2020 were primarily hotel and franchise loans, which were million and million respectively as of December 31, 2020, or and of the total active modifications at December 31, 2020. As of December 31, 2020, the Company's loan portfolio included commercial loans with balances of million and consumer loans with balances of million that were modified in response to COVID-19 that were not considered TDRs. 
 
 Nonperforming loans. 
 Lease financing Construction real estate Commercial real estate Residential real estate Home equity Installment Total nonaccrual loans Interest income effect 2022 2021 2020 Gross amount of interest that would have been recorded under original terms Interest included in income Nonaccrual loans Troubled debt restructurings Total interest included in income Net impact on interest income Commitments outstanding to borrowers with nonaccrual loans 
 (1) Nonaccrual loans include nonaccrual TDRs of million, million and million as of December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 
 First Financial individually reviews all nonperforming loan relationships greater than to determine if an individually evaluated allowance is necessary based on the borrower s overall financial condition, resources and payment record, support 
 62 First Financial Bancorp 2022 Annual Report 

Lease financing Commercial real estate-investor Commercial real estate-owner Residential real estate Home equity Installment Total 8205000 December 31, 2021 Type of Collateral (Dollar in thousands) Business assets Commercial real estate Equipment Land Residential real estate Other Total Class of loan Commercial industrial Lease financing Commercial real estate-investor Commercial real estate-owner Residential real estate Home equity Installment Total 
 
 Lease financing - Lessor. First Financial originates both sales-type and direct financing leases, and the Company manages and reviews lease residuals in accordance with its credit policies. Payments are generally fixed. However, in some agreements, lease payments may be indexed to a rate or index. Sales-type lease contracts contain the ability to purchase the underlying equipment at lease maturity and profit or loss is recognized at lease commencement. Direct financing leases are generally three to five years in length and may be extended at maturity, however, early cancellation may result in a fee to the borrower. For direct financing leases, the net unearned income is deferred and amortized over the life of the lease. 
 
 Effective December 31, 2021, First Financial acquired Summit Funding Group, Inc., which is a full-service equipment leasing company. In conjunction with this acquisition, First Financial acquired million of financing leases, which were included in Loans and leases on the Consolidated Balance Sheets. For further detail on the acquisition, see Note 24 - Business Combinations. 

First Financial Bancorp 2022 Annual Report 63 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

 Unguaranteed residual values Sales-type leases Lease receivables Unguaranteed residual values Total net investment in direct financing and sales-type leases 
 
 Interest income for direct financing and sales-type leases was million, million and million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 
 2024 2025 2026 2027 Thereafter Total lease payments Less: unearned interest income ) Net lease receivables 
 
 OREO. 
 
 Additions Commercial Residential Total additions Disposals Commercial ) ) ) Residential ) ) ) Total disposals ) ) ) Valuation adjustments Commercial ) Residential ) ) Total valuation adjustments ) ) Balance at end of year 
 
 64 First Financial Bancorp 2022 Annual Report 

6. 

million and million as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively, is excluded from the estimate of credit losses. 
 
 Management estimates the allowance using relevant available information from both internal and external sources, relating to past events, current conditions and reasonable and supportable forecasts. Historical credit loss experience paired with economic forecasts provide the basis for the quantitatively modeled estimation of expected credit losses. First Financial adjusts its quantitative model, as necessary, to reflect conditions not already considered by the quantitative model. These adjustments are commonly known as the Qualitative Framework. 
 
 The ACL is measured on a collective (pool) basis when similar risk characteristics exist. The Company has identified the following portfolio segments and measures the ACL using the following methods: 
 
 Commercial and industrial C I loans include revolving lines of credit and term loans to commercial customers for use in normal business operations to finance working capital needs, equipment purchases, leasehold improvements or other projects. C I loans are generally underwritten individually and secured with the assets of the Company and/or the personal guarantee of the business owners. C I loans also include ABL, equipment and leasehold improvement financing for franchisees in the quick service and casual dining restaurant sector and commission-based loans to insurance agents and brokers. ABL transactions typically involve larger commercial clients and are secured by specific assets, such as inventory, accounts receivable, machinery and equipment. In the franchise lending space, First Financial focuses on a limited number of restaurant concepts that have sound economics, low closure rates and strong brand awareness within specified local, regional or national markets. Within the insurance lending platform, First Financial serves insurance agents and brokers that are looking to maximize their book-of-business value and grow their agency business. 
 
 Current period default rates are utilized in the modeling of the ACL for C I loans, and are adjusted for forecasted changes in the treasury term spread and market volatility index. Changes in current period defaults or forecasted expectations for these economic variables could result in volatility in the Company's ACL in future periods. 
 
 Lease financing Lease financing consists of lease transactions for the acquisition of both new and used business equipment for commercial clients. Lease products may include tax leases, finance leases, lease lines of credit and interim funding. The credit underwriting for lease transactions includes detailed analysis of the lessee's industry and business model, nature of the equipment, equipment resale values, historical and projected cash flow analysis, secondary sources of repayment and guarantor, in addition to other considerations. 
 
 The ACL model for leases sources expected default rates from the C I portfolio model. Therefore, changes in forecasted expectations for the treasury term spread and market volatility index could result in volatility in the Company's ACL in future periods. 
 
 Construction real estate Real estate construction loans are term loans to individuals, companies or developers used for the construction or development of a commercial or residential property for which repayment will be generated by the sale or permanent financing of the property. Generally, these loans are for construction projects that have been pre-sold, pre-leased or have secured permanent financing, as well as loans to real estate companies with significant equity invested in the project. An independent credit team underwrites construction real estate loans, which are managed by experienced lending officers and monitored through the construction phase by a centralized funding desk that manages loan disbursements. 
 
 The construction ACL model is adjusted for forecasted changes in rental vacancy rates in the Bank's geographic footprint and the housing price index. Changes in forecasted expectations for these economic variables could result in volatility in the Company's ACL in future periods. 
 
 First Financial Bancorp 2022 Annual Report 65 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

 66 First Financial Bancorp 2022 Annual Report 

Purchase accounting ACL for PCD 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 Provision for credit losses ) ) Gross charge-offs ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) Recoveries Total net charge-offs ) ) ) ) ) ) Ending allowance for credit losses 
 2021 (Dollars in thousands) Commercial industrial Lease financing Construction real estate Commercial real estate Residential real estate Home equity Installment Credit card Total Allowance for credit losses Beginning balance, prior to adoption of ASC 326 Purchase accounting ACL for PCD Provision for credit losses ) ) ) ) ) Gross charge-offs ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) Recoveries Total net charge-offs ) ) ) ) ) ) Ending allowance for credit losses 
 2020 (Dollars in thousands) Commercial industrial Lease financing Construction real estate Commercial real estate Residential real estate Home equity Installment Credit card Total Allowance for credit losses Beginning balance, prior to adoption of ASC 326 Impact of adopting ASC 326 Provision for credit losses ) ) Gross charge-offs ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) Recoveries Total net charge-offs ) ) ) ) ) ) ) Ending allowance for credit losses 
 
 Allowance for credit losses - unfunded commitments. First Financial estimates expected credit losses over the contractual period in which the Company is exposed to credit risk via a contractual obligation to extend credit, unless that obligation is unconditionally cancellable by the Company. The estimate includes consideration of the likelihood that funding will occur and an estimate of expected credit losses on commitments expected to be funded over its estimated life consistent with the Company's ACL methodology for loans and leases. 
 
 First Financial determined the adequacy of this reserve based upon an evaluation of the unfunded credit facilities, which included consideration of historical commitment utilization experience, credit risk ratings and historical loss rates, consistent with the Company's ACL methodology at the time. 
 
 First Financial Bancorp 2022 Annual Report 67 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

 million as of December 31, 2022 and million as of December 31, 2021. Due to the adoption of ASC 326, First Financial recorded million in the ACL on unfunded commitments effective January 1, 2020. Additionally, First Financial recorded million and million of provision expense related to the ACL on unfunded commitments for the twelve months ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, and a provision recapture of million for the twelve months ended December 31, 2020. 

7. 

Buildings Furniture and fixtures Leasehold improvements Construction in progress Less: Accumulated depreciation and amortization Total 
 
 Depreciation expense recorded on premises and equipment in 2022, 2021 and 2020 was million, million and million, respectively. 

8. 

68 First Financial Bancorp 2022 Annual Report 

Short-term lease cost Variable lease cost Total operating lease cost 
 
 2024 2025 2026 2027 Thereafter Total lease payments Less: imputed interest ) Total 64,477 
 
 years years years Weighted-average discount rate 
 
 ROU assets obtained in exchange for lease obligations Operating leases 

9. 

million and million at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively, net of accumulated depreciation of million and million at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively. The Company recorded lease income of million related to lease payments for operating leases in leasing business income in the Consolidated Statement of Income for the twelve months ended December 31, 2022, respectively. Depreciation expense related to operating lease equipment was million for the twelve months ended December 31, 2022, respectively. 
 
 First Financial performs assessments of the recoverability of long-lived assets when events or changes in circumstances indicate that their carrying values may not be recoverable. First Financial recognized impairment losses associated with operating lease assets for the twelve months ended December 31, 2022. Recognized impairment losses, if any, would be recorded in Leasing business income in the Consolidated Statements of Income. 
 
 First Financial Bancorp 2022 Annual Report 69 

2024 2025 2026 2027 Thereafter Total operating lease payments 

10. 

Goodwill resulting from business combinations Balance at end of year 
 
 In December 2021, First Financial recorded million of goodwill resulting from the acquisition of Summit Funding Group, Inc. During 2022, First Financial recorded adjustments of million to goodwill from the Summit merger. First Financial recorded its final adjustments to goodwill related to the Summit merger in the fourth quarter of 2022. For further detail on various mergers or acquisitions, see Note 24 - Business Combinations. 

Other intangible assets. Other intangible assets consist primarily of core deposit, customer list, mortgage servicing rights and other miscellaneous intangibles, such as purchase commissions, non-compete agreements and trade name intangibles. 
 
 Core deposit intangibles represent the estimated fair value of acquired customer deposit relationships on the date of acquisition and are amortized on an over their estimated useful lives. First Financial's core deposit intangibles have an estimated weighted average remaining life of years. 
 
 First Financial recorded a customer list intangible asset in conjunction with the Summit acquisition to account for the obligation or advantage on the part of either the Company or the customer to continue the pre-existing relationship subsequent to the merger. The Summit customer list intangible asset is being amortized on a over its estimated useful life of years and was million and million at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively. Additionally, First Financial recorded a customer list intangible asset in conjunction with the Bannockburn acquisition which is being amortized on a over its estimated useful life of years and was million and million at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively. 
 
 Mortgage servicing rights are servicing fees First Financial receives from selling fixed and adjustable-rate residential mortgage loans where it retains servicing responsibilities. In those sales, First Financial provided to the investors certain standard representations and warranties; however, the investors have no recourse to the Company s other assets for failure of debtors to pay when due. First Financial receives servicing fees based on a percentage of the outstanding balance. M ortgage servicing 
 70 First Financial Bancorp 2022 Annual Report 

) ) Customer list ) ) Other ) ) Unamortized intangible assets Mortgage servicing rights 0 0 Total ) ) 
 
 Amortization expense recognized on intangible assets for 2022, 2021 and 2020 was million, million and million, respectively. 
 2024 2025 2026 2027 

11. 

million and million, respectively. 
 
 2024 2025 2026 2027 Thereafter Total 
 
 First Financial Bancorp 2022 Annual Report 71 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

 12. 

FHLB borrowings Other short-term borrowings Total Average for the year Federal funds purchased and securities sold under agreements to repurchase FHLB borrowings Other short-term borrowings Total 
 
 All repurchase agreements are subject to terms and conditions agreed to by the Bank and the client. To secure its liability to the client, the Bank is authorized to sell or repurchase U.S. Treasury, government agency and mortgage-backed securities. As of December 31, 2022, the Bank had securities sold under agreements to repurchase. As of December 31, 2021 the Bank had million of securities sold under agreements to repurchase. 
 
 First Financial had outstanding FHLB advances included in short-term borrowings of billion as of December 31, 2022 and million outstanding short-term FHLB advances as of December 31, 2021. Additionally, at December 31, 2022, other short-term borrowings included million of collateral owed by counterparty banks to First Financial. 
 
 First Financial also has a million short-term credit facility with an unaffiliated bank that matures in December, 2023, which is included in short-term borrowings. This facility has a variable interest rate and provides First Financial additional liquidity, if needed, for various corporate activities including the repurchase of First Financial common stock and the payment of dividends to shareholders. As of December 31, 2022, First Financial had outstanding balance and as of December 31, 2021, First Financial had an outstanding balance of million. The credit agreement requires First Financial to comply with certain covenants including those related to asset quality and capital levels, and First Financial was in compliance with all covenants associated with this facility as of December 31, 2022. This credit facility also required First Financial to pledge as collateral the Bank's common stock where the lender is granted a security interest in this collateral. 
 
 72 First Financial Bancorp 2022 Annual Report 

Unamortized debt issuance costs ) n/a ) n/a Capital lease liability Capital loan with municipality Subtotal Acquired in Summit acquisition Bank lines of credit Notes issued in conjunction with acquisition of property and equipment Total notes payable acquired in Summit acquisition Total long-term debt 
 
 2024 2025 2026 2027 Thereafter Total 
 
 In April 2020, First Financial issued million of fixed to floating rate subordinated notes. The subordinated notes have an initial fixed interest rate of to, but excluding, May 15, 2025, payable semi-annually in arrears. From, and including, May 15, 2025, the interest rate on the subordinated notes will reset quarterly to a floating rate per annum equal to a benchmark rate, which is expected to be the then-current three-month term SOFR, plus basis points, payable quarterly in arrears. The subordinated notes mature on May 15, 2030. These notes are redeemable by the Company in whole or in part beginning with the interest payment date of May 15, 2025. 
 
 In 2015, First Financial issued million of subordinated notes, which have a fixed interest rate of payable semiannually and mature in August 2025. These notes are not redeemable by the Company or callable by the holders of the notes prior to maturity. In addition, First Financial acquired million of variable rate subordinated notes in the MSFG merger that were issued to previously formed trusts in exchange for the trust proceeds. Interest on the acquired subordinated notes is payable quarterly, in arrears, and the Company has the option to defer interest payments for a period not to exceed 20 consecutive quarters. These acquired subordinated notes mature years after the date of original issuance and may be called at par following the year anniversary of issuance. First Financial also acquired million of fixed rate private placement subordinated debt in conjunction with the MSFG merger that was issued in 2015 and matured in 2025. These notes were redeemable by the Company at par following the year anniversary of issuance. These subordinated notes were redeemed by the Company in the first quarter of 2021. The subordinated notes are treated as Tier 2 capital for regulatory capital purposes and are included in Long-term debt on the Consolidated Balance Sheets. 
 
 Additionally, in conjunction with the acquisition of Summit, First Financial assumed million in outstanding long-term borrowings at December 31, 2021. These outstanding long-term borrowings consisted of million of lines of credit with other banks utilized to operate the business and carried an average interest rate of . These lines of credit were paid off in January 2022. Acquired long-term borrowings also included million and million of term notes, both with and without recourse, with an average interest rate of and at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. These term notes were used to finance Summit's equity investment in the purchase of equipment to be leased to customers. 
 
 First Financial Bancorp 2022 Annual Report 73 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

 billion. 

13. 

. 
 
 For discussion of First Financial's accounting for derivative instruments, see Note 1 Summary of Significant Accounting Policies. 
 
 Client derivatives. 
 
 At December 31, 2022, for interest rate derivatives, the Company had a total counterparty notional amount outstanding of billion, spread among counterparties, with an estimated fair value of 145.8 million . At December 31, 2021, the Company had interest rate derivatives with a total counterparty notional amount outstanding of billion, spread among counterparties, with an estimated fair value of 74.2 million . 
 
 First Financial monitors its derivative credit exposure to borrowers by monitoring the creditworthiness of the related loan 
 customers through the Company's normal credit review processes. Additionally, the Company's ACL Committee monitors 
 derivative credit risk exposure associated with problem loans through the Company's ACL committee. First Financial considers the market value of a derivative instrument to be part of the carrying value of the related loan for these purposes as the borrower is contractually obligated to pay First Financial this amount in the event the derivative contract is terminated. 
 
 In connection with its use of derivative instruments, First Financial and its counterparties may be required to post cash collateral to offset the market position of the derivative instruments. First Financial maintains the right to offset these derivative positions with the collateral posted against them by or with the relevant counterparties. 
 
 Foreign Exchange Contracts. First Financial may enter into foreign exchange derivative contracts for the benefit of commercial customers to hedge their exposure to foreign currency fluctuations. Similar to the hedging of interest rate risk from interest rate derivative contracts, First Financial also enters into foreign exchange contracts with major financial institutions to economically hedge a substantial portion of the exposure from client driven foreign exchange activity. These derivatives are classified as free-standing instruments with the revaluation gain or loss recorded in Foreign exchange income in the Consolidated Statements of Income. At December 31, 2022, the Company had total counterparty notional amount outstanding of billion spread among counterparties, with an estimated fair value of 17.3 million related to foreign exchange contracts, which is included in Accrued interest and other liabilities in the Consolidated Balance Sheets. At December 31, 2021, the Company had total counterparty notional amounts outstanding of billion spread among counterparties, with an estimated fair value of 15.2 million . 
 
 In connection with its use of foreign exchange contracts, First Financial and its counterparties may be required to post cash collateral to offset the market position of the derivative instruments. First Financial maintains the right to offset these derivative positions with the collateral posted against them by or with the relevant counterparties. 
 74 First Financial Bancorp 2022 Annual Report 

) ) Matched interest rate swaps with counterparty Accrued interest and other liabilities ) ) Foreign exchange contracts Matched foreign exchange contracts with customers Accrued interest and other assets ) ) Matched foreign exchange contracts with counterparty Accrued interest and other liabilities ) ) Total 357,698 ) ) 
 
 ) ) ) ) Foreign exchange contracts with counterparty 
 ) ) Total ) ) ) 
 
 ) Pay fixed, matched interest rate swaps with counterparty Client derivatives-foreign exchange contracts Foreign exchange contracts - pay USD Foreign exchange contracts - receive USD ) Total client derivatives 
 
 Credit derivatives. In conjunction with participating interests in commercial loans, First Financial periodically enters into risk participation agreements with counterparties whereby First Financial assumes a portion of the credit exposure associated with an interest rate swap on the participated loan in exchange for a fee. Under these agreements, First Financial will make payments to the counterparty if the loan customer defaults on its obligation to perform under the interest rate swap contract with the counterparty. The total notional value of these agreements totaled million as of December 31, 2022 and million as of December 31, 2021. The fair value of these agreements recorded in Accrued interest and other liabilities on the Consolidated Balance Sheets was immaterial at December 31, 2022 and million at December 31, 2021. 
 
 First Financial Bancorp 2022 Annual Report 75 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

 At December 31, 2022, the notional amount of the IRLCs was million and the notional amount of forward commitments was million. As of December 31, 2021, the notional amount of IRLCs was million and the notional amount of forward commitments was million. The fair value of these agreements was million at December 31, 2022 and million at December 31, 2021 and was recorded in Accrued interest and other assets on the Consolidated Balance Sheets. 

14. 

First Financial had million and million of reserves for unfunded commitments recorded in Accrued interest and other liabilities on the Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. 
 
 Loan commitments. First Financial had commitments outstanding to extend credit, totaling billion and billion at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. As of December 31, 2022, loan commitments with a fixed interest rate totaled million while commitments with variable interest rates totaled billion. At December 31, 2021, loan commitments with a fixed interest rate totaled million while commitments with variable interest rates totaled billion. The fixed rate loan commitments have interest rates ranging from to for both December 31, 2022 and 2021 and have maturities ranging from less than year to years for December 31, 2022 and less than year to years for December 31, 2021. 
 
 76 First Financial Bancorp 2022 Annual Report 

Lease financing Construction real estate Commercial real estate-investor Commercial real estate-owner Residential real estate Home equity Installment Credit card Total 
 
 Letters of credit. First Financial has issued letters of credit aggregating million and million at December 31, 2022, and 2021, respectively. Management conducts regular reviews of these instruments on an individual client basis. 
 
 Risk participation agreements. First Financial is a party in risk participation transactions of interest rate swaps, which had total notional amount of million and million at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 
 Affordable housing projects and other tax credit investments. First Financial is a limited partner in several tax-advantaged limited partnerships whose purpose is to invest in approved qualified affordable housing, renewable energy, or other renovation or community revitalization projects. These investments are included in A ccrued interest and other assets in the Consolidated Balance Sheets , with any unfunded commitments included in A ccrued interest and other liabilities i n the Consolidated Balance Sheets . As of December 31, 2022 , First Financial expects to recover its remaining investments through the use of the tax credits that are generated by the investments. 
 
 HTC Equity NMTC Equity Renewable energy Equity Total 
 
 The following tables summarize First Financial's amortization expense and tax benefit recognized in affordable housing projects and other tax credit investments. 
 
 First Financial Bancorp 2022 Annual Report 77 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

 ) ) ) HTC ) ) ) NMTC ) ) ) Renewable energy ) ) ) Total ) ) ) (1) The amortization expense for the LIHTC investments is included in income tax expense. The amortization expense for the HTC, NMTC, and Renewable energy tax credits is included in other noninterest expense. (2) All of the tax benefits recognized are included in Income tax expense. The tax benefit recognized for the HTC, NMTC, and Renewable energy investments primarily reflects the tax credits generated from the investments and excludes the net tax expense (benefit) and deferred tax liability of the investments income (loss). 
 
 Contingencies/Litigation. First Financial and its subsidiaries are engaged in various matters of litigation from time to time, and have a number of unresolved claims pending. 
 
 Like many banks, First Financial has been the subject of lawsuits relating to overdraft fees. This type of litigation is time consuming and expensive in large part due to the amount of data to be sorted and disclosed, in some cases going back multiple years. During the second and fourth quarters of 2021, First Financial determined that it was in its best interest to settle lawsuits in the states of Indiana and Ohio and have signed settlement agreements that were presented to the court for approval. As such, First Financial recorded legal settlement expenses of million, which were recorded in Other noninterest expenses in the Consolidated Statements of Income during 2021. For year ended December 31, 2022, legal settlement expenses of million were paid. 
 
 Additionally, as part of the ordinary course of business, First Financial and its subsidiaries are parties to other litigation, including claims to the ownership of funds in particular accounts, the collection of delinquent accounts, challenges to security interests in collateral, foreclosure interests that are incidental to our regular business activities and other matters. While the ultimate liability with respect to these litigation matters and claims cannot be determined at this time, First Financial believes that damages, if any, and other amounts relating to pending matters are not probable or cannot be reasonably estimated as of December 31, 2022. Reserves are established for these various matters of litigation, when appropriate, under FASB ASC Topic 450, Contingencies, based in part upon the advice of legal counsel. First Financial had reserves related to litigation matters as of December 31, 2022 or December 31, 2021. 

15. 

Additions Deductions ) Ending balance Loans 90 days or more past due 
 
 Related parties of First Financial, as defined for inclusion in the table above, were clients of, and had transactions with, subsidiaries of First Financial during the periods noted. Similar transactions with related parties may be expected in future periods. 
 
 78 First Financial Bancorp 2022 Annual Report 

16. 

State Total current expense Deferred expense (benefit) Federal ) ) State Total deferred expense (benefit) ) ) Income tax expense on income before income taxes 
 Benefit from tax-exempt income ) ) ) Tax credits ) ) ) Basis reduction on tax credit Tax expense (benefit) of equity compensation ) ) State income taxes, net of federal tax benefit Affordable housing investments Other ) Income tax expense 

First Financial Bancorp 2022 Annual Report 79 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

Deferred compensation Postretirement benefits other than pension liability Accrued stock-based compensation Interest on nonaccrual loans Accrued expenses Net unrealized losses on investment securities State net operating loss Leasing liability Reserve for unfunded commitments Other Total deferred tax assets Deferred tax liabilities Tax depreciation in excess of book depreciation ) ) FHLB and FRB stock ) ) Mortgage-servicing rights ) ) Leasing activities ) ) Retirement obligation ) ) Intangible assets ) ) Deferred loan fees and costs ) ) Prepaid expenses ) ) Limited partnership investments ) ) Fair value adjustments on business combinations ) ) Net unrealized gains on investment securities ) Foreign exchange deferred income ) ASU 2016-01 unrealized gain/loss-equity securities ) ) Right of use assets ) ) Other ) ) Total deferred tax liabilities ) ) Total net deferred tax asset (liability) ) 
 
 At December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company had a state net operating loss carryforward from MSFG of million and million. This carryforward begins to expire in 2026. The Company expects to fully utilize this net operating loss and, therefore, a valuation allowance was not required at December 31, 2022 and 2021. The acquired MSFG state net operating loss is subject to IRC Section 382 and is limited annually. 
 
 The realization of the Company s deferred tax assets is dependent upon the Company s ability to generate taxable income in future periods and the reversal of deferred tax liabilities during the same period. The Company has evaluated the available evidence supporting the realization of its deferred tax assets and determined it is more likely than not that the assets will be realized and thus valuation allowance was recorded at December 31, 2022 and 2021. 
 
 The Bank s retained earnings at December 31, 2022 and 2021 included base-year bad debt reserves of million. Base-year reserves are subject to recapture in the event the Bank redeems its stock, makes distributions in excess of current and accumulated earnings and profits (as calculated for federal income tax purposes), loses its bank status or liquidates. The 
 80 First Financial Bancorp 2022 Annual Report 

million has not been recorded. 
 
 At December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, First Financial had million of unrecognized tax benefits, as determined in FASB ASC Topic 740-10, Income Taxes, that, if recognized, would favorably affect the effective income tax rate in future periods. 
 Settlements ) Balance at end of year 
 
 The unrecognized tax benefits relate to state income tax exposures where First Financial believes it is likely that, upon examination, a state may take a position contrary to the position taken by the Company. The Company believes that resolution regarding our uncertain tax positions is reasonably possible within the next twelve months and could result in full, partial or no recognition of the benefit. First Financial recognizes interest accrued related to unrecognized tax benefits and penalties as income tax expense. At December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, the Company had interest or penalties recorded. 
 
 First Financial and its subsidiaries are subject to U.S. federal income tax as well as state and local income tax in several jurisdictions. Tax years prior to 2019 have been closed and are no longer subject to U.S. federal income tax examinations. Tax years 2019 through 2022 remain open to examination by the federal taxing authority. With limited exception, First Financial is no longer subject to state and local income tax examinations for years prior to 2018. 

17. 

million for 2022, million for 2021 and million for 2020. The components of net periodic benefit cost other than the service cost component are included in Other noninterest expense while service costs are recorded as a component Salaries and employee benefits in the Consolidated Statements of Income. 
 
 First Financial made cash contributions to the pension plan in 2022, 2021 or 2020 and does not expect to make any contributions in 2023. 
 
 First Financial Bancorp 2022 Annual Report 81 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

 Service cost Interest cost Actuarial (gain) loss ) Benefits paid, excluding settlement ) ) Benefit obligation at end of year Change in plan assets Fair value of plan assets at beginning of year Actual return on plan assets ) Benefits paid, excluding settlement ) ) Fair value of plan assets at end of year Amounts recognized in the Consolidated Balance Sheets Assets Liabilities Net amount recognized Amounts recognized in accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) Net actuarial loss Net prior service cost ) Deferred tax assets ) ) Net amount recognized Change in accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) ) Accumulated benefit obligation 
 
 The change in the defined benefit obligations for the period was a result of the liabilities generating gains due to a large negative change in the interest crediting rate as well as an increase in the discount rate. 
 82 First Financial Bancorp 2022 Annual Report 

Interest cost Expected return on assets ) ) ) Amortization of prior service cost ) ) ) Recognized net actuarial loss Net periodic benefit (income) cost Other changes recognized in accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) Net actuarial (gain) loss ) ) Prior service cost Amortization of prior service cost Amortization of gain ) ) ) Total recognized in accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) ) ) Total recognized in net periodic benefit cost and accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) ) ) 
 
 Rate of compensation increase Weighted average interest crediting rate Net periodic benefit cost Discount rate Expected return on plan assets Rate of compensation increase Weighted average interest crediting rate 
 
 U. S. Government agencies Fixed income mutual funds Equity mutual funds Total assets in fair value hierarchy Collective trusts Investments at fair value 
 
 First Financial Bancorp 2022 Annual Report 83 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

 U. S. Government agencies Fixed income mutual funds Equity mutual funds Total assets in fair value hierarchy Collective trusts Investments at fair value 
 
 The pension plan utilizes values provided by third-party pricing vendors to price investment securities in accordance with the fair value hierarchy of the Fair Value Topic and reviews the pricing methodologies utilized by the pricing vendors to ensure that the fair value determination is consistent with the applicable accounting guidance. 
 
 The level within the fair value hierarchy is based on the lowest level of input that is significant in the fair value measurement. The following methods, assumptions and valuation techniques were used by First Financial to measure the financial assets in the Company's pension plan. 
 
 U.S. Government and Government Agency Securities. These securities are valued using matrix pricing models developed by a third party and consider standard input factors such as observable market data, benchmark yields, interest rate volatilities, broker/dealer quotes, credit spreads and new issue data. Matrix pricing is widely used to value securities without solely 
 relying on quoted market prices for specific securities (Level 2). 
 
 Mutual funds. Mutual funds held by the pension plan are open-end mutual funds that are registered with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission and are valued at the daily closing price as reported by the fund. These funds are required to publish their daily net asset value and to transact at that price. The mutual funds held by the Plan are deemed to be actively traded (Level 1). 
 
 Collective trusts. The collective trusts are alternative investments valued at the net asset value of units of the collective trusts. The net asset value is used as a practical expedient to estimate fair value and is priced quarterly on a month lag. This practical expedient would not be used if it is determined to be probable that the fund will sell the investment for an amount different from the reported net asset value. Participant transactions (purchases and sales) may occur daily. If the plan initiates a full redemption of the collective trusts, the issuer reserves the right to require 12 months notification in order to ensure that securities liquidations will be carried out in an orderly business manner. 
 
 Investments measured at fair value using net asset value per share (or its equivalent) as a practical expedient have not been classified in the fair value hierarchy. The fair value amounts presented in the hierarchy tables for such investments are intended to permit reconciliation to the fair value of plan assets at the end of the year. 
 See Note 23 Fair Value Disclosures for further information related to the framework for measuring fair value and the fair value hierarchy. 
 84 First Financial Bancorp 2022 Annual Report 

2024 2025 2026 2027 Thereafter 
 
 of their earnings into the plan, not to exceed applicable limitations prescribed by the Internal Revenue Service. First Financial's contributions to the 401(k) plan are discretionary. The Company made contributions to the 401(k) plan during the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 or 2020. 

18. 

million, and was partially offset by million of expenses within Noninterest income. Gross interchange income for 2021 was million, and was partially offset by million of expenses within Noninterest income, while gross interchange income for 2020 was million, and was partially offset by million of expenses within Noninterest income. 
 First Financial Bancorp 2022 Annual Report 85 

19. 
 
 ) ) ) ) Retirement obligation ) ) ) ) ) ) ) Foreign currency translation ) ) ) ) ) ) Total ) ) ) ) ) ) ) 
 December 31, 2021 Total other comprehensive income (loss) Total accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) (Dollars in thousands) Prior to reclass Reclass from Pre-tax Tax-effect Net of tax Beginning Balance Net Activity Ending Balance Unrealized gain (loss) on debt securities ) ) ) ) ) Retirement obligation ) ) ) ) Foreign currency translation ) ) ) ) ) Total ) ) ) ) ) ) 
 December 31, 2020 Total other comprehensive income (loss) Total accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) (Dollars in thousands) Prior to reclass Reclass from Pre-tax Tax-effect Net of tax Beginning Balance Net Activity Ending Balance Unrealized gain (loss) on debt securities ) ) Retirement obligation ) ) ) ) Total ) ) 
 
 86 First Financial Bancorp 2022 Annual Report 

) ) Net gain (loss) on sales/transfers of investment securities Defined benefit pension plan Amortization of prior service cost (2) 
 Other noninterest expense Recognized net actuarial loss (2) 
 ) ) ) Other noninterest expense Amortization and settlement charges of defined benefit pension items ) ) ) Total reclassifications for the period, before tax ) ) ) 
 
 (1) Negative amounts are debits to profit/loss. 
 (2) Included in the computation of net periodic pension cost (see Note 17 - Employee Benefit Plans for additional details). 

20. 

and a fully phased-in capital conservation buffer of of risk-weighted assets. Further, the minimum ratio of Tier 1 capital to risk-weighted assets is and all banks are subject to a minimum leverage ratio, while the required Total risk-based capital ratio is . Failure to maintain the required Common equity Tier 1 capital will result in potential restrictions on a bank s ability to pay dividends, repurchase stock and pay discretionary compensation to its employees. The capital requirements also provide strict eligibility criteria for regulatory capital instruments and change the method for calculating risk-weighted assets in an effort to better identify riskier assets, such as highly volatile commercial real estate and nonaccrual loans. 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, First Financial met all capital adequacy requirements to which it was subject. To be categorized as well-capitalized, First Financial must maintain minimum Total risk-based capital, Tier 1 risk-based capital and Tier 1 leverage ratios as set forth in the table that follows. The Company's most recent regulatory notifications categorized First Financial as "well-capitalized" under the regulatory framework for prompt corrective action. There have been no conditions or events since those notifications that management believes have changed the Company's categorization. Total regulatory capital exceeded the minimum requirement by million on a consolidated basis at December 31, 2022. 
 
 First Financial Bancorp 2022 Annual Report 87 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

 N/A N/A First Financial Bank Tier 1 capital to risk-weighted assets Consolidated N/A N/A First Financial Bank Total capital to risk-weighted assets Consolidated N/A N/A First Financial Bank Leverage Consolidated N/A N/A First Financial Bank 
 
 Actual Minimum capital required - Basel III PCA requirement to be considered well capitalized (Dollars in thousands) Capital amount Ratio Capital amount Ratio Capital amount Ratio December 31, 2021 Common equity tier 1 capital to risk-weighted assets Consolidated N/A N/A First Financial Bank Tier 1 capital to risk-weighted assets Consolidated N/A N/A First Financial Bank Total capital to risk-weighted assets Consolidated N/A N/A First Financial Bank Leverage Consolidated N/A N/A First Financial Bank 
 
 Share repurchases. Effective January 2022, First Financial's board of directors approved a stock repurchase plan (the 2022 Repurchase Plan), replacing the 2020 Repurchase Plan which became effective in January 2021. The 2022 Repurchase Plan continues for two years and authorizes the purchase of up to shares of the Company's common stock and will expire in December 2023. First Financial did not repurchase any shares under the 2022 plan during 2022. 
 
 88 First Financial Bancorp 2022 Annual Report 

shares at an average market price of during 2021. Under the 2019 Repurchase Plan, First Financial repurchased shares at an average market price of during 2020. 

21. 

million, million and million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively, related to stock options and restricted stock awards. Total unrecognized compensation cost related to non-vested share-based compensation was million at December 31, 2022 and is expected to be recognized over a weighted average period of years. 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, First Financial had two active stock-based compensation plans, the Amended and Restated 2012 Stock Plan and the 2020 Stock Plan. New awards may only be granted from the 2020 Stock Plan. At December 31, 2022, there were shares available for issuance under the 2020 Stock Plan. 
 
 In April 2018, in conjunction with the MSFG merger, First Financial assumed existing MSFG stock options, which were converted into options to purchase shares of First Financial common stock. The converted MSFG options remain subject to all of the terms and conditions of the plan and grant agreements under which the MSFG Stock Options were originally issued. The assumed options were exercisable at the time of the merger and remain outstanding for years after the initial grant date with all options expiring at the end of the exercise period. At December 31, 2022, options were outstanding under the Plan, all of which expire on or before April 10, 2023. 
 
 First Financial utilizes the Black-Scholes valuation model to determine the fair value of stock options granted. In addition to the stock option strike price, the Black-Scholes valuation model incorporates the following assumptions: the expected dividend yield based on historical dividend payouts; the expected stock price volatility based on the historical volatility of Company stock for a period approximating the expected life of the options; the risk-free rate based on the U.S. Treasury yield curve in effect at the time of grant for periods corresponding with the expected life of the option; and the expected option life represented by the period of time the options are expected to be outstanding, and is based on historical trends. new options were granted in 2022, 2021 or 2020. 
 
 Granted Exercised ) Forfeited or expired Outstanding at end of year years Exercisable at end of year years 
 
 The intrinsic value of stock options is defined as the difference between the current market value and the exercise price. First Financial uses treasury shares purchased under the Company's share repurchase program to satisfy share-based exercises. 
 Cash received from exercises Tax benefit from exercises 
 
 First Financial Bancorp 2022 Annual Report 89 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

 Granted Vested ) ) ) Forfeited ) ) ) Nonvested at end of year 
 
 The fair value of restricted stock is determined based on the number of shares granted and the quoted price of First Financial's common stock. The fair value of restricted stock vested during 2022, 2021 and 2020 was million, million and million, respectively. 

22. 

Denominator Basic earnings per common share - weighted average shares Effect of dilutive securities Employee stock awards Diluted earnings per common share - adjusted weighted average shares Earnings per share available to common shareholders Basic Diluted 
 
 Stock options and warrants with exercise prices greater than the average market price of the common shares are excluded from the computation of net income per diluted share, as they would be antidilutive. Using the end of period price of the Company's common shares, there were antidilutive options at December 31, 2022, 2021, or 2020. 
 
 preferred shares; however, preferred shares were issued or outstanding. 

23. 

Investment securities held-to-maturity Other investments Loans and leases Accrued interest receivable Financial liabilities Deposits Short-term borrowings Long-term debt Accrued interest payable 
 
 Carrying Estimated Fair Value (Dollars in thousands) Value Total Level 1 Level 2 Level 3 December 31, 2021 Financial assets Cash and short-term investments Investment securities held-to-maturity Other investments Loans and leases Accrued interest receivable Financial liabilities Deposits Short-term borrowings Long-term debt Accrued interest payable 
 
 million and million at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively, with a valuation allowance of million and million at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively. 
 
 The value of real estate collateral is determined utilizing an income or market valuation approach based on an appraisal conducted by an independent, licensed third-party appraiser (Level 3). These appraisals may utilize a single valuation approach or a combination of approaches including the comparable sales approach and the income approach. Adjustments are routinely made in the appraisal process by the independent appraisers to adjust for differences between the comparable sales and income data available. Collateral is then adjusted or discounted based on management s historical knowledge, changes in market conditions from the time of the valuation, and management s expertise and knowledge of the client and the client s business, resulting in a Level 3 fair value classification. Collateral dependent loans are evaluated on a quarterly basis for additional write-downs and are adjusted accordingly. 
 
 Enterprise value is defined as imputed value for the entire underlying business. To determine an appropriate range of enterprise value, FFB relies on a standardized set of valuation methodologies that take into account future projected cash flows, market based multiples as well as asset values. Valuations involve both quantitative and qualitative considerations and professional judgments concerning differences in financial and operating characteristics in addition to other factors that may impact values over time (Level 3). 
 
 The value of business equipment is based on an outside appraisal, if deemed significant, or the net book value on the applicable borrower financial statements. Likewise, values for inventory and accounts receivable collateral are based on borrower financial statement balances or aging reports on a discounted basis as appropriate (Level 3). 
 
 The fair value of collateral dependent loans is measured at fair value on a nonrecurring basis. Any fair value adjustments are recorded in the period incurred as provision for credit losses on the Consolidated Statements of Income. 
 
 OREO. Assets acquired through loan foreclosure are recorded at fair value less costs to sell, with any difference between the fair value of the property and the carrying value of the loan recorded as a charge-off establishing a new cost basis. Subsequent changes in value are reported as adjustments to the carrying amount and are recorded in noninterest expense. The carrying value of OREO is not re-measured to fair value on a recurring basis, but is subject to fair value adjustments when the carrying 
 value differs from the fair value, less estimated selling costs. Fair value is based on recent real estate appraisals and is updated at least annually. The Company classifies OREO in level 3 of the fair value hierarchy. 
 
 Loans held for sale Interest rate derivative contracts Foreign exchange derivative contracts Total Liabilities Interest rate derivative contracts Foreign exchange derivative contracts Total 
 
 Fair Value Measurements Using Assets/Liabilities (Dollars in thousands) Level 1 Level 2 Level 3 at Fair Value December 31, 2021 Assets Investment securities available-for-sale Loans held for sale Interest rate derivative contracts Foreign exchange derivative contracts Total Liabilities Interest rate derivative contracts Foreign exchange derivative contracts Total 
 
 Accretion (amortization) (56) ) Increase (decrease) in fair value ) Purchases (settlements) ) ) Ending balance 
 
 Certain financial assets and liabilities are measured at fair value on a nonrecurring basis. Adjustments to the fair market value of these assets usually result from the application of fair value accounting or write-downs of individual assets. 
 Commercial real estate OREO Operating leases 
 Fair Value Measurements Using (Dollars in thousands) Level 1 Level 2 Level 3 December 31, 2021 Assets Collateral dependent loans Commercial Commercial real estate OREO 
 
 Fair value option. First Financial may elect to report most financial instruments and certain other items at fair value on an instrument-by instrument basis with changes in fair value reported in net income. After the initial adoption, the election is made at the acquisition of an eligible financial asset, financial liability, or firm commitment or when certain specified reconsideration events occur. The fair value election may not be revoked once an election is made. 
 
 The Company elected the fair value option for residential mortgage loans held for sale. This election allows for a more effective offset of the changes in fair values of the loans held for sale and the derivative financial instruments used to financially hedge them without having to apply complex hedge accounting requirements. The fair value of the Company s residential mortgage loans held for sale was determined based on quoted prices for similar loans in active markets. 
 
 The aggregate fair value of the Company s residential mortgage loans held for sale as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 was million and million, respectively. The aggregate unpaid principal balance of the Company s residential mortgage loans held for sale as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 was million and million, respectively. The resulting difference between the aggregate fair value and the aggregate remaining principal balance for loans for which the fair value option has been elected was million and million as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 
 Changes in the estimated fair value of residential mortgage loans held for sale are reported as a component of Net gain from sales of loans in the Company s Consolidated Statements of Income. For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the change in fair value of the Company s residential mortgage loans held for sale was a net loss of million and million, respectively. 

24. 

million consisting of million in cash and million of First Financial common stock, and a million earn-out payment. Pursuant to the purchase agreement, the earn-out 
 90 First Financial Bancorp 2022 Annual Report 

million and million during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 
 The Summit transaction was accounted for using the acquisition method of accounting and accordingly, assets acquired, liabilities assumed and consideration exchanged were recorded at estimated fair value on the acquisition date in accordance with FASB ASC Topic 805, Business Combinations. The fair value measurements of assets acquired and liabilities assumed were million and million, respectively, and included million of financing leases and million of operating leases. These present value measurements were subject to refinement for up to one year after the closing date of the acquisition as additional information relative to closing date fair values become available. The measurement period ended in December 2022. Goodwill arising from the Summit acquisition was million and reflects the business s high growth potential and the expectation that the acquisition will provide additional revenue growth with the expansion of the Bank's leasing business. The goodwill is not deductible for income tax purposes as the transaction was accounted for as a tax-free exchange. For further detail, see Note 10 Goodwill and Other Intangible Assets. 
 
 Liabilities paid with cash concurrent with close Stock consideration Earn out Total purchase consideration Assets acquired Cash Finance leases Premises and equipment Operating leases Intangible assets Other assets Total assets acquired Liabilities assumed Long-term borrowings Other liabilities Total liabilities assumed Net identifiable assets Goodwill 

First Financial Bancorp 2022 Annual Report 91 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

 25. 

Investment securities Subordinated notes from subsidiaries Investment in subsidiaries Commercial bank Non-banks Total investment in subsidiaries Premises and equipment Other assets Total assets Liabilities Short-term borrowings Subordinated notes Dividends payable Other liabilities Total liabilities Shareholders equity Total liabilities and shareholders equity 
 
 92 First Financial Bancorp 2022 Annual Report 

Noninterest income Net gain (loss) on equity securities ) Dividends from subsidiaries Total income Expenses Interest expense Salaries and employee benefits Professional services Other Total expenses Income before income taxes and equity in undistributed net earnings of subsidiaries 
 Income tax expense (benefit) ) ) ) Equity in undistributed earnings (loss) of subsidiaries Net income Comprehensive income (loss) ) 

First Financial Bancorp 2022 Annual Report 93 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

 Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash provided by operating activities Equity in undistributed (earnings) loss of subsidiaries ) ) ) Depreciation and amortization Stock-based compensation expense Unrealized (gain) loss on equity securities ) ) Deferred income taxes ) ) ) (Decrease) increase in dividends payable ) (Decrease) increase in other liabilities ) ) Decrease (increase) in other assets ) ) Net cash provided by (used in) operating activities Investing activities Capital contributions to subsidiaries ) Other Net cash (used in) provided by investing activities ) Financing activities (Decrease) increase in short-term borrowings ) Proceeds from long-term borrowings ) Cash dividends paid on common stock ) ) ) Purchases of common stock ) ) Proceeds from exercise of stock options, net of shares purchased Other ) ) ) Net cash provided by (used in) financing activities ) ) Net increase (decrease) in cash ) Cash at beginning of year Cash at end of year 

94 First Financial Bancorp 2022 Annual Report 

Total Return to Shareholders 

The following graph compares the five-year cumulative total return to shareholders of First Financial Bancorp common stock with that of companies that comprise the Nasdaq Composite Index and the KBW Regional Bank Index. The KBW Regional Bank Index is comprised of 50 banks headquartered throughout the country and is used frequently by investors when comparing First Financial Bancorp's stock performance to that of other similarly sized institutions. First Financial Bancorp is included in the KBW Regional Bank Index. 
 
 The following table assumes 100 invested on December 31, 2017 in First Financial Bancorp, the Nasdaq Composite Index and the KBW Regional Bank Index, and assumes that dividends are reinvested. 

COMPARISON OF FIVE-YEAR CUMULATIVE TOTAL RETURN 
 AMONG FIRST FINANCIAL BANCORP, NASDAQ COMPOSITE INDEX 
 AND KBW REGIONAL BANK INDEX 

2017 2018 2019 2020 2021 2022 First Financial Bancorp 100.00 92.44 102.88 75.21 108.74 112.42 Nasdaq Composite Index 100.00 97.18 132.88 192.73 235.54 158.96 KBW Regional Bank Index 100.00 82.51 102.20 93.33 127.53 118.71 

First Financial Bancorp 2022 Annual Report 95 

</EX-13>

<EX-21>
 3
 a202210-kexhibit21.htm
 EX-21

Document 

EXHIBIT 21 

FIRST FINANCIAL BANCORP. SUBSIDIARIES (as of 12 31 22) 
 Name State of Other Jurisdiction of Incorporation or Organization First Financial Bank Ohio First Financial Collateral, Inc. Indiana First Financial Equipment Finance, LLC Ohio First Franchise Capital Corporation Indiana Irwin Home Equity Corporation Indiana IHE Funding Corp. II Delaware MSB Investments of Nevada, Inc. Nevada MSB Holdings of Nevada, Inc. Nevada MSB of Nevada, LLC Nevada First Financial Preferred Capital, Inc. Ohio Oak Street Holdings Corporation Delaware Oak Street Funding LLC Delaware Oak Street Servicing, LLC Delaware MainSource Risk Management, Inc. Nevada MainSource Statutory Trust I Connecticut MainSource Statutory Trust II Connecticut MainSource Statutory Trust III Delaware MainSource Statutory Trust IV Delaware FCB Bancorp Statutory Trust I Delaware OSF Insurance Receivables, LLC Indiana Summit Funding Group, Inc. Ohio New York Systems Exchange, Inc. Ohio Summit RFG Corp. Ohio SFG Titling Co. Ohio PRC SFG, LLC Ohio Summit Financial Services, Inc.-Consolidated Ohio Summit-Northlake Canadian Leasing Corporation Ohio Summit MFR Leasing II, LLC Ohio Summit MFR Leasing, LLC Ohio PRC SFG II, LLC Ohio Summit Continental Leasing, LLC Ohio 

</EX-21>

<EX-23>
 4
 a202210-kexhibit23.htm
 EX-23

Document 

EXHIBIT 23 

CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

We consent to the incorporation by reference in the following Registration Statements of First Financial Bancorp 
 
 Form S-8 No. 338-86781 
 Form S-3 No. 333-25745 
 Form S-3 No. 333-156841 
 Form S-3 No. 333-153751 
 Form S-8 No. 333-168675 
 Form S-8 No. 333-188593 
 Form S-3 ASR No. 333-197771 
 Form S-8 No. 333-218188 
 Form S-3 ASR No. 333-219554 
 Form S-4 No. 333-220583 
 Form S-3 ASR No. 333-233701 
 Form S-8 No. 333-238698 
 Form S-3 ASR No. 333-262089 
 
 of our report dated February 24, 2023 relating to the 2022 consolidated financial statements and effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting, appearing in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

Crowe LLP 
 
 Louisville, Kentucky 
 February 24, 2023 

</EX-23>

<EX-31.1>
 5
 q4202210-kexh311.htm
 EX-31.1

Document 

EXHIBIT 31.1 
 
 CERTIFICATIONS 
 
 I, Archie M. Brown, President and Chief Executive Officer of First Financial Bancorp., certify that 
 
 1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of First Financial Bancorp. 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officers and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth quarter in case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officers and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 Date 2 24 2023 s Archie M. Brown Archie M. Brown President and Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 6
 q4202210-kexh312.htm
 EX-31.2

Document 

EXHIBIT 31.2 
 
 CERTIFICATIONS 
 
 I, James M. Anderson, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of First Financial Bancorp., certify that 
 
 1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of First Financial Bancorp. 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officers and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth quarter in case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officers and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 Date 2 24 2023 s James M. Anderson James M. Anderson Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 7
 q4202210-kexh321.htm
 EX-32.1

Document 

EXHIBIT 32.1 
 
 CERTIFICATION OF PERIODIC FINANCIAL REPORT BY CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 
 In connection with the Form 10-K for the annual period ended December 31, 2022, of First Financial Bancorp. (the Company ), as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on February 24, 2023 (the Report ), I, Archie M. Brown, President and Chief Executive Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that 
 
 (1) The report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and 
 (2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
 
 s Archie M. Brown Archie M. Brown President and Chief Executive Officer February 24, 2023 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 8
 q4202210-kexh322.htm
 EX-32.2

Document 

EXHIBIT 32.2 
 
 CERTIFICATION OF PERIODIC FINANCIAL REPORT BY CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 
 In connection with the Form 10-K for the annual period ended December 31, 2022, of First Financial Bancorp. (the Company ), as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on February 24, 2023 (the Report ), I, James M. Anderson, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that 
 
 (1) The report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and 
 (2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
 
 s James M. Anderson James M. Anderson Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer February 24, 2023 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 9
 ffbc-20221231.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 10
 ffbc-20221231_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 11
 ffbc-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 12
 ffbc-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 13
 ffbc-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

