<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230302_10-K_edgar_data_65770_0001193125-23-056723.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>8472483</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>204101</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1261152</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>3403726</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1447346</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1825473</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>11</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001193125-23-056723.hdr.sgml : 20230302
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230301191905
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001193125-23-056723
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		93
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230302
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230301

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			MICROVISION, INC.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000065770
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	ELECTRONIC COMPONENTS, NEC [3679]
		IRS NUMBER:				911600822
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-34170
		FILM NUMBER:		23695782

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		18390 NE 68TH STREET
		CITY:			REDMOND
		STATE:			WA
		ZIP:			98052
		BUSINESS PHONE:		425-936-6847

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		18390 NE 68TH STREET
		CITY:			REDMOND
		STATE:			WA
		ZIP:			98052

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	MICROVISION INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19960724

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001193125-23-056723.txt : 20230302

10-K
 1
 d461483d10k.htm
 10-K

10-K 

Table of Contents 

UNITED STATES 

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

Washington, D.C. 20549 

FORM 

(Mark one) 

ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the fiscal year ended , 

OR 

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the transition period from 
 to 

Commission file number: 

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

(State or Other Jurisdiction of

Incorporation or Organization)

(I.R.S. Employer

Identification Number)

, 

(Address of Principal Executive Offices, including Zip Code) 

) 

(Registrant s Telephone Number, including Area Code) 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 

Title of Each Class

Trading

Symbol

Name of Each Exchange

on Which Registered

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: None 

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. No 

 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes 

 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 

 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T
 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated
 filer, a smaller reporting company or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2
 of the Exchange Act. 

Accelerated filer 

Non-accelerated
 filer 

Smaller reporting company 

Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 

 If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. 

 Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2
 of the Act). Yes No 
 The aggregate market value of common stock held by non-affiliates
 of the registrant as of June 30, 2022 was approximately million (based upon the closing price of 3.84 per share for the registrant s common stock as reported by the Nasdaq Global Market on that date). 
 The number of shares of the registrant s common stock outstanding as of February 24, 2023 was . 

 DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 

Table of Contents 

MICROVISION, INC. ANNUAL REPORT ON FORM 10-K FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

Part I. 

Page 

Item 1. Business 

1 

Item 1A. Risk Factors 

6 

Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 

15 

Item 2. Properties 

15 

Item 3. Legal Proceedings 

15 

Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 

15 

Item 4A. Executive Officers of the Registrant 

15 

Part II. 

Item 5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 

16 

Item 6. Reserved 

17 

Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 

17 

Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 

23 

Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 

25 

Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 

50 

Item 9A. Controls and Procedures 

50 

Item 9B. Other Information 

52 

Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 

52 

Part III. 

Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 

52 

Item 11. Executive Compensation 

52 

Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 

52 

Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions and Director Independence 

53 

Item 14. Principal Accounting Fees and Services 

53 

Part IV. 

Item 15. Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules 

53 

Item 16. Form 10-K Summary 

55 

Signatures 

56 

i 

Table of Contents 

PART I. Preliminary Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements This Annual Report contains forward-looking statements, within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act ), and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ), and is subject to the safe harbor created by those sections. Such statements may include, but are not limited to, projections of revenues, income or loss, capital expenditures, plans for product development and cooperative arrangements, acquisition activity and related integration efforts, technology development by third parties, future operations, financing needs or plans of MicroVision, Inc. we, our, or us ), as well as assumptions relating to the foregoing. The words anticipate, could, would, believe, estimate, expect, goal, may, plan, project, will, and similar expressions identify forward-looking statements. Factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those projected in our forward-looking statements include risk factors identified below in Item 1A. 

ITEM 1. 
 BUSINESS Overview MicroVision is a global developer of lidar hardware and software solutions focused primarily on automotive lidar and advanced driver-assistance systems (ADAS) markets where we can deliver safe mobility at the speed of life. We develop a suite of light detection and ranging, or lidar, sensors and perception and validation software to the automotive market for ADAS and autonomous vehicle (AV) applications, as well as to complementary markets for non-automotive applications including industrial, robotics and smart infrastructure. Our long history of developing and commercializing the core components of our lidar hardware and related software, combined with the experience of the team we recently acquired from Ibeo Automotive Systems (Ibeo) with automotive-grade qualification, provides a potentially compelling advantage over the less-experienced recent entrants into this market. Founded in 1993, MicroVision, Inc. is a pioneer in laser beam scanning, or LBS, technology, which is based on our patented expertise in micro-electromechanical systems, or MEMS, laser diodes, opto-mechanics, electronics, algorithms and software and how those elements are packaged into a small form factor. Throughout our history, we have combined our proprietary technology with our development expertise to create innovative solutions to address existing and emerging market needs, such as augmented reality microdisplay engines; interactive display modules; consumer lidar components; and, most recently, automotive lidar sensors and software solutions for the automotive market. On January 31, 2023, we completed the acquisition of certain assets of Ibeo Automotive Systems GmbH, which was founded in 1998 as a lidar hardware and software provider. Ibeo developed and launched the first lidar sensor to be automotive qualified for serial production with a Tier 1 automotive supplier and that is currently available in passenger cars by premium OEMs. Ibeo developed software solutions, including perception and validation software, which are also used by premium OEMs. In addition, Ibeo sold its products for non-automotive uses such as industrial, smart infrastructure and robotics applications. For the automotive market, our integrated solution combines our MEMS-based dynamic-range lidar sensor and perception software, to be integrated on our custom ASIC, targeted for sale to premium automotive OEMs and Tier 1 automotive suppliers. We believe that our MEMS-based lidar sensor, or MAVIN sensor, and perception software demonstrates best-in-class features and performance that exceed market expectations and outperform competitive products. Our ADAS solution is intended to leverage edge computing and custom ASICs to enable our hardware and perception software to be integrated into an OEM s ADAS stack. In addition to our dynamic-range and long-range MAVIN sensor and perception software solution for the automotive market, our product suite includes short- and mid-range lidar sensors, both MEMS-based and flash-based, for automotive and industrial applications, including smart infrastructure, robotics, and other commercial segments. Also, our validation software tool is used by OEMs and other customers including Tier 1s for validating vehicle sensors for ADAS and AV applications. The tool includes software that automates the manual data classification or annotation process, significantly reducing the time and resources required by OEMs to validate their ADAS and AV systems. In the recent past, we developed micro-display concepts and designs for use in head-mounted augmented reality, or AR, headsets and developed a 1440i MEMS module supporting AR headsets. We also developed an interactive display solution targeted at the smart speakers market and a small consumer lidar sensor for use indoors with smart home systems. 
 1 

Table of Contents 

We completed the acquisition of Ibeo assets on January 31, 2023 pursuant to the terms and subject to the conditions of the Asset Purchase Agreement, dated December 1, 2022, by and between our wholly owned subsidiary, MicroVision GmbH organized under the laws of The Federal Republic of Germany, and Ibeo Automotive Systems GmbH for a purchase price of EUR 15,000,000, or approximately 16.1 million, subject to potential reduction on the terms set forth in the Asset Purchase Agreement. In addition to the purchase price, pursuant to the Asset Purchase Agreement, we advanced funds to Ibeo so that it could continue its operations while in insolvency during the period between signing and closing. Specifically, in December 2022, we advanced approximately 4.1 million in operating funds, which included costs related to headcount reductions carried out by Ibeo management, decreasing the number of employees to transfer in connection with the acquisition to approximately 250 employees. These headcount reduction costs will be reimbursed to MicroVision by way of deduction from the purchase price in accordance with the Asset Purchase Agreement. We advanced an additional approximately 3.0 million to Ibeo in January 2023, a portion of which will also be reimbursed to us as a purchase price deduction. The Company did not record any revenue during the year ended December 31, 2022 related to the Ibeo asset acquisition as the transaction closed at the end of January 2023. We have been unable to secure the customers at the scale needed to successfully launch our products. We have incurred substantial losses since inception, and we expect to incur a significant loss during the fiscal year ending December 31, 2023. MicroVision, Inc. was founded in 1993 as a Washington corporation and reincorporated in 2003 under the laws of the State of Delaware. Our headquarters is located at 18390 NE 68th Street, Redmond, Washington 98052, and our telephone number is (425) 936-6847. Our annual reports on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, current reports on Form 8-K, and all amendments to those reports are available free-of-charge from the investor page of our website, accessible at www.microvision.com, as soon as reasonably practicable after such material is electronically filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC). Copies of these filings may also be obtained by visiting the SEC s website, www.sec.gov, which contains current, quarterly and annual reports, proxy and information statements and other information regarding issuers that file electronically. Our Industry and Market Strategy We are developing our lidar sensors and perception software to address the needs of the Level 2+, or L2+, and Level 3, or L3, ADAS markets to be used in automotive safety and autonomous driving applications. Our MEMS-based high-speed lidar sensors, which we call MAVIN , use our pioneering LBS technology. With our acquisition of Ibeo assets, we estimate our serviceable addressable market for the period 2025 to 2030 to be approximately 90 million long-range lidar sensors and 185 million short-range lidar sensors with a total cumulative potential revenue opportunity of approximately 82 billion. These estimates assume that L2+ functionality requires one long-range and two short-range lidar sensors for each vehicle and L3 functionality requires two long-range and four short-range lidar sensors for each vehicle, and that the average sales price per long-range lidar sensor is 500 and per short-range lidar sensor is 200. Our solution-based development approach recognizes two key realities of the L2+ and L3 markets: that safety is mission-critical and that OEMs require cost efficiency and integration adaptability. With these factors in mind, we believe that our best-in-class MAVIN lidar sensors support critical safety needs by providing the highest resolution at range and velocity of moving objects with a dynamic field of view while running at 30 hertz, thus enabling ADAS features, such as automatic emergency braking, forward collision warning, and automatic emergency steering, at higher speeds of operation than most competing products. Moreover, we tailor our solution to meet the needs of OEMs, integrating our MEMS-based lidar and edge computing to support Highway Pilot capabilities up to 130km/h, save development cost and time for OEMs with no training required for our sensor-fused output, reduce system cost by requiring fewer and cheaper sensors and reduced processing, and enable seamless integration with an OEM s existing architecture. Our unique solution for the L2+ and L3 markets, we believe, has the potential to achieve our goal of enabling mission-critical safety systems while solving for OEMs cost and integration objectives. With this customer-centric approach, our go-to-market strategy depends on building partnerships with OEMs and Tier-1 automotive suppliers, as well as with silicon companies to support our solution on their compute platforms. Although we are working to establish direct marketing and co-development relationships with OEMs, we expect that our revenue may also be derived directly from Tier-1 suppliers in the form of licensing revenue. 
 2 

Table of Contents 

Our Technology and Competitive Strength We believe a significant competitive strength for us today is our long history of delivering LBS- and MEMS-based hardware and related firmware and software that meets reliability, predictability, and scalability standards of well-known OEMs and ODMs. Core to our automotive lidar sensors, custom ASICs and perception software is proprietary technology that we have been developing, refining, productizing and protecting for nearly 30 years. Our patented LBS technology combines a MEMS scanning mirror, laser diode light sources, electronics, and optics that are controlled using our proprietary system control algorithms along with edge computing and machine learning in some systems. The MEMS scanning mirror is a key component of our technology system and is one of our core competencies. Our MEMS scanning mirror is a silicon device that oscillates in a precisely controlled closed loop pattern so that we can place a pixel of light at a precise point. This allows us to generate a projected image pixel-by-pixel for use in lidar sensing and display. Scanning modules with our technology can be designed to operate in one of three different modes: lidar sensing only, display and lidar sensing combined, and display only. We believe that our proprietary technology offers significant advantages over other lidar sensing systems and traditional displays. Early applications of our proprietary technology included heads up displays for the U.S. military and automotive systems. The contemplated uses of our technology require incorporation of our components into the products of other companies or partners. Most recently, our technology can be found in a Microsoft heads up display product. In the past, we have worked with other global brands to incorporate our core technology into their consumer products. The MAVIN DR, our dynamic-range automotive lidar sensor is designed to, and we believe can, meet or exceed OEM specifications, performing to 220 meters of range with an output resolution of up to 15.0 million points per second. We believe that our hardware can deliver the highest point cloud density for a single-channel sensor as compared to competitive products. In addition to providing a low-latency, high-resolution point cloud at range, our sensor outputs axial, lateral, and vertical components of velocity of moving objects in the field of view at 30 hertz. This allows our solution to support a detailed understanding of the velocity of moving objects in real time, enabling fast and accurate path planning and maneuvering of the vehicle. Further, our proprietary scan locking feature ensures that our sensor is immune from interference from sunlight and from other lidar sensors. In Augmented Reality (AR) applications, our technology enables high resolution of 1440i for large fields of view with low weight and low latency and persistence. Our Interactive Display gives an instant on and off, full color, focus-free, 720p projected image that is capable of responding as if it were a capacitance touch screen from any surface on which the projection can be seen. Our Consumer Lidar has a small size with high resolution, low power and low latency and is intended for use indoors to enable a smart home system to understand what is happening in the home and respond in an appropriate way. Our Products and Revenue Strategy Following our recent acquisition, our product suite includes our MEMS-based high-speed automotive lidar sensors, perception software, flash-based automotive lidar sensor, lidar sensors for non-automotive industrial markets, and reference and validation software. We also provide engineering services in connection with these hardware and software products. Central to our development and commercialization efforts is our MAVIN DR dynamic view lidar system targeted for sale to automotive OEMs and Tier 1 automotive suppliers. MAVIN DR combines short-, medium- and long-range sensing and fields of view into one form factor. Dynamic range is key to enabling ADAS features at highway speeds. At speeds of up to 130 km/h (80 mph), ADAS systems need more time to make decisions and react in order to take proactive action and hence need resolution at range. Our MAVIN DR sensor produces an ultra-high-resolution point cloud showing drivable and non-drivable areas of the road ahead. With its low latency point cloud (30 hertz), the MAVIN product line allows ADAS systems to respond more quickly, make split-second decisions and take action at high speeds. 
 3 

Table of Contents 

Our perception software integrated with our automotive lidar hardware, and eventually ported into our digital ASIC, is also targeted for sale to automotive OEMs and Tier 1 automotive suppliers. This perception software, included in our acquisition of assets from Ibeo, has successfully passed through qualification processes with automotive OEMs. Also included in our acquisition of assets are Ibeo s sensors for the non-automotive industrial market and for the automotive market. These sensors support a revenue strategy that includes royalty revenues from automotive production, as well as sales in multiple markets including industrial, smart infrastructure, robotics, and commercial vehicles. Our acquisition allows us to offer a system solution for validating vehicle sensors for ADAS and AV applications. The system includes software that automates the manual data classification or annotation process, significantly reducing the time and resources required by OEMs to validate their ADAS and AV systems. In addition to the auto-annotation software, sales of this validation solution may include our lidar sensors. Beginning in the third quarter of 2019 and through the end of February 2020, we were selling components to a high-definition display system that we developed for Microsoft under a development agreement. The volume and resulting revenue and gross profit from this business was fairly low. Therefore, in March 2020, we transferred production of the components to the customer. Starting in March 2020 and through 2022, we earned a royalty from the customer for each unit shipped, with amounts applied against the prepayment that we had previously received from the customer until the prepayment is exhausted. The value of the royalty is approximately equal to the amount of gross profit we would have earned if we had continued to produce and ship the components. We believe this arrangement helps us conserve cash, while preserving our ability to experience financial benefits in the event the volume of components increases in the future. Research and Development We believe our research and development efforts have earned us a leadership position in the field of lidar sensors, LBS technology and applications as applied to automotive, consumer electronics and other markets. Our ability to attract customers and grow revenue will depend on our ability to maintain our technology leadership, to continually improve performance, reduce costs, and ensure functional safety and flexible design. Our research and development teams as of December 31, 2022 were located in Redmond, Washington and Nuremberg, Germany and were comprised of 90 engineering and technical staff in optics, software engineering, electrical engineering, product engineering, and MEMS design. With the closing of our acquisition on January 31, 2023, our engineering and technical staff increased to approximately 295, adding a team in Hamburg, Germany. Sales and Marketing Our sales and marketing approach is account based, business-to-business targeting of OEMs and Tier 1 suppliers. Our business development efforts are headed by executive management and business development representatives and are supported by engineers that assist customers during the design cycles of products. Our business development office for our automotive solution is located in Germany. We engage potential customers directly, participate in trade shows, and maintain a website. Manufacturing Although we are not manufacturing products at significant volume at this time, in the past, when we have produced products or components, our products were manufactured by a contract manufacturer based on our proprietary design, process, test, quality, and reliability standards and incorporated our LBS technology and included MEMS and ASICs that were produced to order by semiconductor foundries. Our past manufacturing has not been subject to seasonal variations as our shipments have been relatively small and were in the early stages of product introduction. In the future, depending on our customers product mix, we may be affected by seasonal fluctuations which could affect working capital demands. Many of the raw materials used in our components are standard to the consumer electronics industry. Our MEMS, MEMS die, and ASICs have historically been manufactured to our specifications by separate single-source suppliers. 
 4 

Table of Contents 

Competitive Conditions Many companies are attempting to develop lidar sensors and ADAS solutions; the competitive landscape is highly crowded and rapidly evolving. We compete with pureplay lidar developers, some of which have recently completed de-SPAC transactions raising significant capital. Some of these companies have announced partnerships with OEMs, Tier 1 suppliers, and contract manufacturers that, even if nonexclusive, may appear more credible than we do in the marketplace. We also face competition from OEMs and Tier 1 suppliers that have internally developed lidar sensors. All of these OEMs and Tier 1s are significantly larger, more well-resourced, have long operating histories and enjoy relevant brand recognition. Many lidar developers are also building ADAS solutions with which our solution competes. Our competitors may succeed in developing innovative technologies and products that could render our technology or products commercially infeasible or technologically obsolete. The lidar sensing and consumer display industries have been characterized by rapid and significant technological advances. Our LBS technology system and products may not be competitive with such advances, and we may not have sufficient funds to invest in new technologies, products or processes. Although we believe our technology system and products could deliver higher performance and have other advantages, manufacturers of competing technologies may develop improvements to their technology that could reduce or eliminate the anticipated advantages of our products. Intellectual Property and Proprietary Rights We create intellectual property from three sources: internal research and development activities, technology acquisitions, and performance on development contracts. The inventions covered by our patent applications generally relate to systems controls in our LBS technology, component miniaturization, power reduction, feature enhancements, specific implementation of various system components, and design elements to facilitate mass production. Protecting these key-enabling technologies and components is a fundamental aspect of our strategy to penetrate diverse markets with unique products. As such, we intend to continue to develop our portfolio of proprietary and patented technologies at the system, component, and process levels. We believe our extensive patent portfolio is the largest, broadest, and earliest filed LBS technology portfolio. We currently have over 400 issued patents and pending patents worldwide. With the closing of the Ibeo acquisition on January 31, 2023, we added approximately 330 patents to our portfolio. As our technology develops, we periodically review our patent portfolio and eliminate patents that are deemed of low value. Due to this ongoing portfolio management practice, the number of patents in our portfolio will vary at any given time. Since our inception in 1993, we have acquired through portfolio purchases, patents that grant us exclusive rights to various LBS technologies. From time to time some of these patents may expire or be abandoned to better utilize resources expended to maintain and generate new intellectual property. Our ability to compete effectively in automotive lidar or any other market we may enter may depend, in part, on our ability and the ability of our licensors to maintain the proprietary nature of these technologies. We also rely on unpatented proprietary technology. To protect our rights in these areas, we require all employees, and where appropriate, contractors, consultants, advisors and collaborators, to enter into confidentiality and non-compete agreements. There can be no assurance, however, that these agreements will provide meaningful protection for our trade secrets, know-how or other proprietary information in the event of any unauthorized use, misappropriation or disclosure of such trade secrets, know-how or other proprietary information. We have registered the name MAVIN , PicoP and MicroVision with the United States Patent and Trademark Office. Our Employees, People Operations and Workplace Safety As of February 24, 2023, throughout our global offices, we had approximately 350 full-time employees, which included the employees who joined MicroVision in connection with our acquisition of assets from Ibeo. None of our employees are represented by a labor union or works council. 
 5 

Table of Contents 

Our principal objectives with respect to our workforce are to attract, retain, motivate, and reward our employees to achieve positive results for our customers and for MicroVision. To achieve these objectives, our employee benefit programs seek to (i) support skill building and prepare our employees for advancement through continuous learning, (ii) reward our employees through compensation awards and resources intended to motivate our employees and promote well-being, and (iii) continuously identify opportunities for development through regular employee input and engagement. We offer competitive compensation and benefits. We also strive for continuous improvement in diversity and inclusivity among our employees, management, and board of directors, and seek to promote job opportunities to a diverse pool of qualified candidates. We are also committed to providing an inclusive work environment free of discrimination or harassment of any kind, supported by policies, communications, and reporting and resolution resources. Protecting the safety, health, and well-being of our employees is also a key priority and we have implemented policies and practices to support this. Throughout the COVID-19 pandemic, we have remained focused on the health and safety of our employees by implementing appropriate safety protocols. We have implemented work-from-home procedures where possible, required the wearing of masks and physical distancing on the job when called for by local guidelines, and increased cleaning procedures and provided cleaning supplies. We work with third party independent experts in the field of laser safety to assist in meeting safety specifications. In addition, we monitor developments in the area of permissible laser exposure limits as established by International Electrotechnical Commission (IEC) and others. Independent experts have concluded that laser exposure to the eye resulting from use of LBS devices under normal operating conditions would be below the calculated maximum permissible exposure level set by the IEC. Continuing Impact of COVID-19 on Our Business Our business operations continue to be impacted by the COVID-19 pandemic. Government restrictions in the early days of the pandemic caused us to mostly close our offices in early 2020. To support our hardware development efforts, we reopened our offices in July 2021 while maintaining compliance with government mandates and health agency protocols, including masking requirements and encouraging vaccination. Many of our office employees continue to work on hybrid schedules or remotely. We may experience reductions in productivity and disruptions to our business routines while our hybrid work policy remains in place, or if our employees become ill and are unable to work, which could have an adverse effect on the timing of our development and productization activities. We will continue to prioritize the health and safety of our employees as we adapt our workplace policies based on evolving government regulation, health agency advice, and industry best practice. In addition, several of our suppliers have experienced closures or have been operating at reduced capacity, resulting in lower component availability. Continued disruptions to our supply chain could have a material impact on our development and future operations. Moreover, various global travel restrictions and office closures have hampered our business development efforts, making it more difficult to engage with potential customers and partners, which could have a material negative impact on our business prospects. 

ITEM 1A. 
 RISK FACTORS You should carefully consider the risks described below together with the other information set forth in this report, which could materially affect our business, financial condition and future results. The risks described below are not the only risks facing our company. Risks and uncertainties not currently known to us or that we currently deem to be immaterial also may materially adversely affect our business, financial condition and operating results. Risk Factors Related to Our Business We have a history of operating losses and expect to incur significant losses in the future. We have had substantial losses since our inception. We cannot assure you that we will ever become or remain profitable. 

As of December 31, 2022, we had an accumulated deficit of 682.5 million. 

We had an accumulated deficit of 572.6 million from inception through December 31, 2019, a net loss of 13.6 million in 2020, a net loss of 43.2 million in 2021, and a net loss of 53.1 million in 2022. 
 6 

Table of Contents 

The likelihood of our success must be considered in light of the expenses, difficulties and delays frequently encountered by companies formed to develop and commercialize new technologies. In particular, our operations to date have focused primarily on research and development of our LBS technology system, including products built around that technology such as our automotive lidar sensor, and development of demonstration units. We are unable to accurately estimate future revenues and operating expenses based upon historical performance. We cannot be certain that we will succeed in obtaining development revenue or commercializing our technology or products. In light of these factors, we expect to continue to incur significant losses and negative cash flow at least through 2023 and likely thereafter. There is significant risk that we will not achieve positive cash flow at any time in the future. We may require additional capital to fund our operations and to implement our business plan. Raising additional capital may dilute the value of current shareholders investment in us. Based on our current operating plan, we anticipate that we have sufficient cash and cash equivalents to fund our operations for at least the next 12 months. We may, however, require additional capital to fund our operating plan past that time. We may seek to obtain additional capital through the issuance of equity or debt securities, product sales and/or licensing activities. There can be no assurance that any such efforts to obtain additional capital would be successful. We are currently focused on developing and commercializing our automotive lidar solution. This involves introducing new technology into an emerging market which creates significant uncertainty about our ability to accurately project revenue, costs and cash flows. Our capital requirements will depend on many factors, including, but not limited to, the commercial success of our technology, the rate at which OEMs introduce systems incorporating our products and technology and the market acceptance and competitive position of such systems. Our expenses are expected to increase significantly as a result of the Ibeo acquisition and related headcount increase. If revenues are less than we anticipate, if the mix of revenues and the associated margins vary from anticipated amounts or if expenses exceed the amounts budgeted, we may require additional capital earlier than expected to fund our operations. In addition, our operating plan provides for the development of strategic relationships with suppliers of components, products and systems, and equipment manufacturers that may require additional investments by us. Additional capital may not be available to us or, if available, may not be available on terms acceptable to us or on a timely basis. Raising additional capital may involve issuing securities with rights and preferences that are senior to our common stock and may dilute the value of our current shareholders investment in us. If adequate capital resources are not available on a timely basis, we may consider limiting our operations substantially and we may be unable to continue as a going concern. This limitation of operations could include reducing investments in our research and development projects, staff, operating costs, and capital expenditures which could jeopardize our ability to achieve our business goals or satisfy our customer requirements. 
 7 

Table of Contents 

Risks Related to our Financial Statements and Results Our revenue is generated from one customer and losing that customer would have a negative impact on our revenue. In 2022, one customer accounted for 664,000 in revenue, representing 100 of our total revenue. No revenue was recognized from this customer during the second half of 2022 as no shipments of our components were reported by the customer during that period. In 2021, the same customer accounted for 2.5 million in revenue, representing 100 of our total revenue. In 2020, the same customer accounted for 3.0 million in revenue, representing 97 of our total revenue. The loss of our current sole customer or the continued reporting of no shipments would negatively affect our revenue. We have, in the past, identified a material weakness in our internal controls. In the second quarter of 2021, we identified a material weakness in the controls that support our determination of the grant date of equity awards. If we identify further material weaknesses in our internal controls, our failure to establish and maintain effective disclosure controls and procedures and internal control over financial reporting could result in material misstatements in our financial statements and a failure to meet our reporting obligations. Any such failure could cause investors to lose confidence in the accuracy of our financial reports, harm our reputation and adversely affect the market price of our common stock. Our stock price has fluctuated in the past, has recently been in decline and may be volatile in the future, and as a result, investors in our common stock could incur substantial losses. Our stock price has fluctuated significantly in the past, and may continue to be volatile in the future. Over the 52-week period ending February 24, 2023, our common stock has traded at a low of 2.11 and a high of 5.96. We may continue to experience sustained depression or substantial volatility in our stock price in the foreseeable future unrelated to our operating performance or prospects. For the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022, we incurred a loss per share of (0.32). As a result of this volatility, investors may experience losses on their investment in our common stock. The market price for our common stock may be influenced by many factors, including the following: 

investor reaction to our business strategy; 

the success of competitive products or technologies; 

strategic developments; 

the timing and results of our development and commercialization efforts with respect to our lidar sensors and ADAS solutions; 

changes in regulatory or industry standards applicable to our technologies; 

variations in our or our competitors financial and operating results; 

developments concerning our collaborations or partners; 

developments or disputes with any third parties that supply, manufacture, sell or market any of our products; 

developments or disputes concerning patents or other proprietary rights, including patents, litigation matters and our ability to obtain patent protection for our technology; 

actual or perceived defects in any of our products, if commercialized, and any related product liability claims; 

our ability or inability to raise additional capital and the terms on which we raise it; 

declines in the market prices of stocks generally; 

trading volume of our common stock; 

sales of our common stock by us or our stockholders; 

general economic, industry and market conditions; and 

the effects of other events or factors, including war, terrorism and other international conflicts, public health issues including health epidemics or pandemics, such as the COVID-19 outbreak, and natural disasters such as fire, hurricanes, earthquakes, tornados or other adverse weather and climate conditions, whether occurring in the United States or elsewhere. Since the price of our common stock has fluctuated in the past, has suffered recent declines and may be volatile in the future, investors in our common stock could incur substantial losses. In the past, following periods of volatility in the market, securities class-action litigation has often been instituted against companies. Such litigation, if instituted against us, could result in substantial costs and diversion of management s attention and resources, which could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and growth prospects. There can be no guarantee that our stock price will remain at current levels or that future sales of our common stock will not be at prices lower than those sold to investors. 
 8 

Table of Contents 

Additionally, securities of certain companies have in the past few years experienced significant and extreme volatility in stock price due to short sellers of shares of common stock, known as a short squeeze. These short squeezes have caused extreme volatility in both the stock prices of those companies and in the market, and have led to the price per share of those companies to trade at a significantly inflated rate that is disconnected from the underlying value of the company. Many investors who have purchased shares in those companies at an inflated rate face the risk of losing a significant portion of their original investment, as in many cases the price per share has declined steadily as interest in those stocks have abated. There can be no assurance that our shares will not be subject to a short squeeze in the future, and investors may lose a significant portion or all of their investment if they purchase our shares at a rate that is significantly disconnected from our underlying value. If we are unable to maintain our listing on The Nasdaq Global Market, it could become more difficult to sell our stock in the public market. Our common stock is listed on The Nasdaq Global Market. To maintain our listing on this market, we must meet Nasdaq s listing maintenance standards. If we are unable to continue to meet Nasdaq s listing maintenance standards for any reason, our common stock could be delisted from The Nasdaq Global Market. If our common stock were delisted, we may seek to list our common stock on The Nasdaq Capital Market, the NYSE American or on a regional stock exchange or, if one or more broker-dealer market makers comply with applicable requirements, the over-the-counter (OTC) market. Listing on such other market or exchange could reduce the liquidity of our common stock. If our common stock were to trade in the OTC market, an investor would find it more difficult to dispose of, or to obtain accurate quotations for the price of, the common stock. A delisting from The Nasdaq Global Market and failure to obtain listing on another market or exchange would subject our common stock to so-called penny stock rules that impose additional sales practice and market-making requirements on broker-dealers who sell or make a market in such securities. Consequently, removal from The Nasdaq Global Market and failure to obtain listing on another market or exchange could affect the ability or willingness of broker-dealers to sell or make a market in our common stock and the ability of purchasers of our common stock to sell their securities in the secondary market. On February 24, 2023, the closing price of our common stock was 2.51 per share. Our lack of financial resources relative to our competitors may limit our revenues, potential profits, overall market share or value. Our products and solutions compete with other pureplay lidar developers, many of which have recently gone public through de-SPAC transactions and therefore have substantially greater financial resources than we have. Because of their greater resources, our competitors may develop or commercialize products more quickly than us and have access to more entrenched sales channels. This imbalance in financial resources and access could result for us in reduced revenues, lower margins or loss of market share, any of which could reduce the value of our business. Additionally, for a variety of reasons, customers may choose to purchase from suppliers that have substantially greater financial or other resources than we have. Risks Related to Our Operations Difficulty in qualifying a contract manufacturer, Tier 1 partner, or foundry for our products, or experiencing changes in our supply chain, could cause delays that may result in lost future revenues and damaged customer relationships. Historically, we have relied on single or limited-source suppliers to manufacture our products. Establishing a relationship with a contract manufacturer, automotive Tier 1 partner, or foundry is a time-consuming process, as our unique technology may require significant manufacturing process adaptation to achieve full manufacturing capacity. To the extent that we are not able to establish a relationship with a contract manufacturer, Tier 1 partner, or foundry in a timely manner or at prices or on other terms that are acceptable to us, we may be unable to meet contract or production milestones. Moreover, changes in our supply chain could result in increased cost and delay and subject us to risks and uncertainties regarding, but not limited to, product warranty, product liability and quality control standards. The loss of any single or limited-source supplier, the failure of any of these suppliers to perform as expected or the disruption in the supply chain of components from these suppliers could cause significant delays in product deliveries, which could result in lost future revenues and damaged customer relationships. 
 9 

Table of Contents 

Historically, we have been dependent on third parties to develop, manufacture, sell and market products incorporating our technology. Our business strategy for commercializing our technology in products has historically included entering into development, manufacturing, licensing, sales and marketing arrangements with OEMs, ODMs and other third parties. These arrangements reduce our level of control over production and distribution and may subject us to risks and uncertainties regarding, but not limited to, product warranty, product liability and quality control standards. We cannot be certain that we will be able to negotiate arrangements on acceptable terms, if at all, or that these arrangements will be successful in yielding commercially viable products. If we cannot establish these arrangements, we would require additional capital to undertake such activities on our own and would require extensive manufacturing, sales and marketing expertise that we do not currently possess and that may be difficult to obtain. In addition, we could encounter significant delays in introducing our products and technology or find that the development, manufacture or sale of products incorporating our technology would not be feasible. To the extent that we enter into development, manufacturing, licensing, sales and marketing or other arrangements, our revenues will depend upon the performance of third parties. We cannot be certain that any such arrangements will be successful. We could face lawsuits related to our use of LBS technology or other technologies, which would be costly, and any adverse outcome could limit our ability to commercialize our technology or products. We are aware of several patents held by third parties that relate to certain aspects of light scanning displays, 3D sensing products, and other technologies that are core to our sensor hardware. These patents could be used as a basis to challenge the validity, limit the scope or limit our ability to obtain additional or broader patent rights of our patents. A successful challenge to the validity of our patents could limit our ability to commercialize our technology or products incorporating our LBS technology and, consequently, materially reduce our ability to generate revenues. Moreover, we cannot be certain that patent holders or other third parties will not claim infringement by us with respect to current and future technology. Because U.S. patent applications are held and examined in secrecy, it is also possible that presently pending U.S. applications could eventually be issued with claims that could be infringed by our products or our technology. The defense and prosecution of a patent suit would be costly and time-consuming, even if the outcome were ultimately favorable to us. An adverse outcome in the defense of a patent suit could subject us to significant costs, require others and us to cease selling products incorporating our technology, require us to cease licensing our technology or require disputed rights to be licensed from third parties. Such licenses, if available, would increase our operating expenses. Moreover, if claims of infringement are asserted against our future co-development partners or customers, those partners or customers may seek indemnification from us for any damages or expenses they incur. If we fail to manage expansion effectively, our revenue and expenses could be adversely affected. Our ability to successfully offer products incorporating our technology and implement our business plan in a rapidly evolving market requires an effective planning and management process. The growth in business and relationships with customers and other third parties has placed, and will continue to place, a significant strain on our management systems and resources. We will need to continue to improve our financial and managerial controls, reporting systems and procedures, and will need to continue to train and manage our work force. Following our substantial reduction in headcount in February 2020, the risks associated with strained resources are heightened. We target customers that are large companies with substantial negotiating power and potentially competitive internal solutions; if we are unable to sell our products to these customers, our prospects will be adversely affected. Our potential customers, automotive OEMs in particular, are large, multinational companies with substantial negotiating power relative to us and, in some instances, may have internal solutions that are competitive to our products. These large, multinational companies also have significant resources, which may allow them to acquire or develop competitive technologies either independently or in partnership with others. Accordingly, even after investing significant resources to develop a product, we may not secure a series production award or, even after securing a series production award, may not be able to commercialize a product on profitable terms. If our products are not selected by these large companies or if these companies develop or acquire competitive technology or negotiate terms that are disadvantageous to us, it will have an adverse effect on our business prospects. 
 10 

Table of Contents 

Our technology and products may be subject to environmental, health and safety regulations that could increase our development and production costs. Our technology and products could become subject to environmental, health and safety regulations or amendments that could negatively impact our ability to commercialize our technology and products. Compliance with any such current or new regulations would likely increase the cost to develop and commercialize products, and violations may result in fines, penalties or suspension of production. If we become subject to any environmental, health, or safety laws or regulations that require us to cease or significantly change our operations to comply, our business, financial condition and operating results could be adversely affected. Our operating results may be adversely impacted by worldwide political and economic uncertainties and specific conditions in the markets we address. In the recent past and currently, general worldwide economic conditions have experienced a downturn due to slower economic activity, concerns about inflation, increased energy costs, decreased consumer confidence, reduced corporate profits and capital spending, and adverse business conditions. Any continuation or worsening of the current global economic and financial conditions could materially adversely affect: (i) our ability to raise, or the cost of, needed capital, (ii) demand for our current and future products, and (iii) our ability to commercialize products. Additionally, the outbreaks of wars or infectious diseases, as recently experienced, may cause an unexpected downturn in economic conditions. We cannot predict the timing, strength, or duration of any economic slowdown or subsequent economic recovery, worldwide, regionally or in the automotive or technology industries. Because we have recently expanded and may continue expanding our international operations and using foreign suppliers, our operating results could be harmed by economic, political, regulatory and other factors in foreign countries. During 2021, we established an office in Germany and on January 31, 2023 we completed our acquisition of Ibeo assets, with the result that we now have more employees and operations in Germany than in the U.S. In addition, we currently use foreign suppliers and plan to continue to do so to manufacture current and future components and products, where appropriate. These international operations are subject to inherent risks, which may adversely affect us, including, but not limited to: 

Political and economic instability, international terrorism and the outbreak of war, such as Russia s invasion and continuing war against Ukraine; 

High levels of inflation, as has historically been the case in a number of countries in Asia; 

Burdens and costs of compliance with a variety of foreign laws, regulations and sanctions; 

Foreign taxes and duties; 

Changes in tariff rates or other trade, tax or monetary policies; 

Changes or volatility in currency exchange rates and interest rates; 

Global or regional health crises, such as COVID-19 or other epidemics; and 

Disruptions in global supply chains. We have recently and may in the future make acquisitions. If we fail to successfully select, execute or integrate our acquisitions, then our business, results of operations and financial condition could be materially adversely affected. On December 1, 2022, we entered into an Asset Purchase Agreement to acquire certain assets from Ibeo Automotive Systems GmbH. We expended significant management time and effort, as well as capital, identifying, evaluating, negotiating, and executing this transaction and, since the closing of the acquisition on January 31, 2023, we have invested additional time and capital working to integrate our new Hamburg- and Detroit-based teams and operations. We cannot guarantee that these integration efforts will be successful, that the goals of the acquisition will be realized, or that the increase to our operating expenses or cash requirements will be manageable. In the future, we may again undertake acquisitions to add new products and technologies, acquire talent, gain new sales channels or enter into new markets or sales territories. In addition to possible stockholder approval, we may need approvals and licenses from relevant government authorities for the acquisitions and to comply with any applicable laws and regulations, which could result in increased delay and costs, and may disrupt our business strategy if we fail to do so. Furthermore, acquisitions and the subsequent integration of new assets, businesses, key personnel, customers, vendors and 
 11 

Table of Contents 

suppliers require significant attention from our management and could result in a diversion of resources from our existing business, which in turn could have an adverse effect on our operations. Acquired assets or businesses may not generate the financial results we expect. Acquisitions could result in the use of substantial amounts of cash, potentially dilutive issuances of equity securities, the occurrence of significant goodwill impairment charges, amortization expenses for other intangible assets and exposure to potential unknown liabilities of the acquired business. Moreover, the costs of identifying and consummating acquisitions may be significant. Before our acquisition of assets from Ibeo, we had no experience with acquisitions or the integration of acquired technology and personnel. Failure to successfully identify, complete, manage and integrate acquisitions could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations and could cause our stock price to decline. Our suppliers facilities could be damaged or disrupted by a natural disaster or labor strike, either of which would materially affect our financial position, results of operations and cash flows. A major catastrophe, such as an earthquake, monsoon, flood, infectious disease including the COVID-19 virus, or other natural disaster, labor strike, or work stoppage at our suppliers facilities or our customers, could result in a prolonged interruption of our business. A disruption resulting from any one of these events could cause significant delays in product shipments and the loss of sales and customers, which could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows. If we are unable to obtain effective intellectual property protection for our products, processes and technology, we may be unable to compete with other companies. Intellectual property protection for our products, processes and technology is important and uncertain. If we do not obtain effective intellectual property protection for our products, processes and technology, we may be subject to increased competition. Our commercial success will depend, in part, on our ability to maintain the proprietary nature of our key technologies by securing valid and enforceable patents and effectively maintaining unpatented technology as trade secrets. We protect our proprietary technology by seeking to obtain United States and foreign patents in our name, or licenses to third party patents, related to proprietary technology, inventions, and improvements that may be important to the development of our business. However, our patent position involves complex legal and factual questions. The standards that the United States Patent and Trademark Office and its foreign counterparts use to grant patents are not always applied predictably or uniformly and can change. Additionally, the scope of patents is subject to interpretation by courts and their validity can be subject to challenges and defenses, including challenges and defenses based on the existence of prior art. Consequently, we cannot be certain as to the extent to which we will be able to obtain patents for our new products and technology or the extent to which the patents that we already own, protect our products and technology. Reduction in scope of protection or invalidation of our licensed or owned patents, or our inability to obtain new patents, may enable other companies to develop products that compete directly with ours on the basis of the same or similar technology. We also rely on the law of trade secrets to protect unpatented know-how and technology to maintain our competitive position. We try to protect this know-how and technology by limiting access to the trade secrets to those of our employees, contractors and partners, with a need-to-know such information and by entering into confidentiality agreements with parties that have access to it, such as our employees, consultants and business partners. Any of these parties could breach the agreements and disclose our trade secrets or confidential information, or our competitors might learn of the information in some other way. If any trade secret not protected by a patent were to be disclosed to or independently developed by a competitor, our competitive position could be negatively affected. We could be subject to significant product liability claims that could be time-consuming and costly, divert management attention and adversely affect our ability to obtain and maintain insurance coverage. We could be subject to product liability claims if any of the product applications are alleged to be defective or cause harmful effects. For example, because some of the scanning modules incorporating our LBS technology could scan a low power beam of colored light into the user s eye, the testing, manufacture, marketing and sale of these products involve an inherent risk that product liability claims will be asserted against us. 
 12 

Table of Contents 

Additionally, any misuse of our technology or products incorporating our technology by end users or third parties that obtain access to our technology, could result in negative publicity and could harm our brand and reputation. Product liability claims or other claims related to our products or our technology, regardless of their outcome, could require us to spend significant time and money in litigation, divert management time and attention, require us to pay significant damages, harm our reputation or hinder acceptance of our products. Any successful product liability claim may prevent us from obtaining adequate product liability insurance in the future on commercially desirable or reasonable terms. An inability to obtain sufficient insurance coverage at an acceptable cost or otherwise to protect against potential product liability claims could prevent or inhibit the commercialization of our products and technology. Our operations could be adversely impacted by information technology system failures, network disruptions, or cyber security breaches. We rely on information technology systems to process, transmit, store, and protect electronic data between our employees, our customers and our suppliers. Our systems are vulnerable to damage or interruptions due to events beyond our control, including, but are not limited to, natural disasters, power loss, telecommunications failures, computer viruses, hacking, or other cyber security issues. Our system redundancy may be inadequate and our disaster recovery planning may be ineffective or insufficient to account for all eventualities. Additionally, we maintain insurance coverage to address certain aspects of cyber risks. Such insurance coverage may be insufficient to cover all losses or all claims that may arise, should such an event occur. Loss of any of our key personnel could have a negative effect on the operation of our business. Our success depends on our executive officers and other key personnel and on the ability to attract and retain qualified new personnel. Achievement of our business objectives will require substantial additional expertise in the areas of sales and marketing, research and product development and manufacturing. Competition for qualified personnel in these fields is intense, and the inability to attract and retain additional highly skilled personnel, or the loss of key personnel, could hinder our ability to compete effectively in the automotive or technology markets and adversely affect our business strategy execution and results of operations. COVID-19 has had an adverse effect on our business, and the continuing COVID-19 effects on our financial position and business prospects are uncertain. On March 11, 2020, the World Health Organization declared the outbreak of COVID-19 a pandemic, which continues to spread throughout the United States and the world. We are unable to fully assess or accurately predict the impact that COVID-19 has had and may continue to have on our operations due to numerous uncertainties. The adverse impacts of the pandemic on our business thus far and on our future financial performance include, but are not limited to: 

difficulties in our ability to raise capital, 

delays to our technology development plans and timelines, 

significant declines or delays in revenue or development efforts due to supply chain disruptions, 

obstacles or delays in meeting with potential customers and partners or entering into agreements with them, and 

challenges to our operating effectiveness resulting from employees working remotely or hybrid, or being ill and unable to work. Risks Related to Development for the Automotive Industry If our products and solutions are not selected for inclusion in ADAS systems by automotive OEMs or automotive Tier 1 suppliers, our future prospects will be materially and adversely affected. Automotive OEMs and Tier 1 suppliers design and develop ADAS technology over several years, undertaking extensive testing and qualification processes prior to selecting a product such as our lidar sensor for use in a particular system, product or vehicle model because such products will function as part of a larger system or platform and must meet certain other specifications. We have invested and will continue to invest significant time and resources to have our products considered and possibly selected by OEMs or Tier 1 suppliers for use in a particular system, product or vehicle model, which is known as a series production win or a series production award. In the case of ADAS technology, a series production award would mean that our lidar sensor and/or ADAS solution had been selected for use in a particular vehicle model. However, if we are unable to achieve a series production award with respect to a particular vehicle model, we may not have an opportunity to supply our products to the automotive OEM for that vehicle model for a period of many years. In many cases, this period can be as long as five to seven or more years. If our products are not selected by an automotive OEM or our suppliers for one vehicle model or if our products are not successful in that vehicle model, it is unlikely that our product will be deployed in other vehicle models of that OEM. If we fail to win a significant number of vehicle models from one or more of automotive OEMs or their suppliers, our future business prospects will be materially and adversely affected. The complexity of our products and the limited visibility into the various environmental and other conditions under which potential customers may use the products could result in unforeseen delays or expenses from undetected defects, errors or reliability issues in hardware or software which could reduce the market adoption of our products, damage our reputation with prospective customers, expose us to product liability and other claims, and adversely affect our operating costs. Our products are highly technical and complex and require high standards to manufacture and may experience defects, errors or reliability issues at various stages of development. We may be unable to timely manufacture or release products, or correct problems that have arisen or correct such problems to the customer s satisfaction. Additionally, undetected errors, defects or security vulnerabilities could result in serious injury to the end users or bystanders of technology incorporating our products, inability of customers to commercialize technology incorporating our products, 
 13 

Table of Contents 

litigation against us, negative publicity and other consequences. These risks are particularly prevalent in the highly competitive ADAS market. These problems may also result in claims, including class actions, against us that could be costly to defend. Our reputation or brand may be damaged as a result of these problems and potential customers may be reluctant to buy our products, which could adversely affect our financial results. Adverse conditions in the automotive industry or the global economy more generally could have adverse effects on our results of operations. While we make our strategic planning decisions based on the assumption that the markets we are targeting will grow, our business is dependent, in large part on, and directly affected by, business cycles and other factors affecting the global automobile industry and global economy generally. Automotive production and sales are highly cyclical and depend on general economic conditions and other factors, including consumer spending and preferences, changes in interest rates and credit availability, consumer confidence, fuel costs, fuel availability, environmental impact, governmental incentives and regulatory requirements, and political volatility, especially in energy-producing countries and growth markets. In addition, automotive production and sales can be affected by our automotive OEM customers ability to continue operating in response to challenging economic conditions and in response to labor relations issues, regulatory requirements, trade agreements and other factors. The volume of automotive production in North America, Europe and the rest of the world has fluctuated, sometimes significantly, from year to year, and we expect such fluctuations to give rise to fluctuations in the demand for our products. Any significant adverse change in any of these factors may result in a reduction in automotive sales and production by our automotive OEM customers and could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. Developments in alternative technology may adversely affect the demand for our lidar technology. Significant developments in alternative technologies, such as cameras and radar, may materially and adversely affect our business prospects in ways we do not currently anticipate. Existing and other camera and radar technologies may emerge as OEMs preferred alternative to our solution, which would result in the loss of competitiveness of our lidar solution. Our R D efforts may not be sufficient to adapt to these changes in technology and our solution may not compete effectively with these alternative systems. ADAS features may be delayed in adoption by OEMs, which would negatively impact our business prospects. The ADAS market is fast evolving and there is generally a lack of an established regulatory framework. Vehicle regulators globally continue to consider new and enhanced emissions requirements, including electrification, to meet environmental and economic needs as well as pursue new safety standards to address emerging traffic risks. To control new vehicle prices, among other concerns, OEMs may need to dedicate technology and cost additions to new vehicle designs to meet these emissions and safety requirements and postpone the consumer cost pressures of new ADAS features. As additional safety requirements are imposed on vehicle manufacturers, our business prospects may be materially impacted. Because the lidar and ADAS markets are rapidly evolving, it is difficult to forecast customer adoption rates, demand, and selling prices for our products and solutions. We are pursuing opportunities in rapidly evolving markets, including technological and regulatory changes, and it is difficult to predict the timing and size of the opportunities. For example, lidar-based ADAS solutions require complex technology and because these automotive systems depend on technology from many companies, commercialization of ADAS products could be delayed or impaired on account of certain technological components of ours or others not being ready to be deployed in vehicles. In addition, the selling prices we are able to ultimately charge in the future for the products we are currently developing may be less than what we currently project. Our future financial performance will depend on our ability to make timely investments in the correct market opportunities. If one or more of these markets experience a shift in prospective customer demand, our products may not compete as effectively, if at all, and they may not be designed into commercialized products. Given the evolving nature of the markets in which we operate, it is difficult to predict customer demand or adoption rates for our products, selling prices or the future growth of our target markets. If demand does not develop or if we cannot accurately forecast it, the size of our markets, inventory requirements or future financial results will be adversely affected. 
 14 

Table of Contents 

Because lidar is new in the markets we are seeking to enter, our market forecasts may not materialize as anticipated. Our market opportunity estimates and growth forecasts are subject to significant uncertainty and are based on assumptions and estimates that may not materialize as anticipated. These forecasts and estimates relating to the expected size and growth of the markets for lidar-based technology may prove to be inaccurate. Even if these markets experience the forecasted growth we anticipate, we may not grow our business at similar rates, or at all. Our future growth is subject to many factors, including market adoption of our products, which is subject to many risks and uncertainties. Accordingly, we cannot assure you that these forecasts will not be materially inaccurate. 

ITEM 1B. 
 UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS None. 

ITEM 2. 
 PROPERTIES In July 2017, we entered into a 65-month facility lease amendment on 31,142 square feet of combined-use office, laboratory and manufacturing space at our headquarters facility in Redmond, Washington. In September 2021, we entered into a lease on approximately 16,681 square feet of space located in Redmond, Washington that we use primarily for general office space, lab space and product testing. The lease provides for an initial term of 128 months that commenced November 1, 2021. In September 2021, we entered into a second lease on approximately 36,062 square feet of space located in Redmond, Washington that we will use primarily for general office space. The lease provides for an initial term of 120 months and commenced on December 1, 2022. In connection with the effectiveness of the second lease entered into in September 2021, we amended our current office lease and will have access until January 31, 2023 to coincide with our move into the new 36,062 square feet of space. In April 2022, we entered into a lease on approximately 3,533 square feet of space located in Nuremberg, Germany that we use primarily for general office space for business development activities. The lease provides for a term of 60 months that commenced May 1, 2022. In September 2022, we entered into a lease on approximately 3,810 square feet of space located in Nuremberg, Germany that we use primarily for lab space and engineering activities. The lease provides for a term of 60 months that commenced November 15, 2022. In connection with our January 2023 acquisition of assets from Ibeo, we assumed three leases in Hamburg, Germany covering approximately 45,208 square feet of office space, garages to house test and demonstration vehicles, space for IT network equipment, and long-range laser testing space. 

ITEM 3. 
 LEGAL PROCEEDINGS We are subject to various claims and pending or threatened lawsuits in the normal course of business. We are not currently party to any other legal proceedings that management believes are reasonably possible to have a material adverse effect on our financial position, results of operations or cash flows. 

ITEM 4. 
 MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES Not applicable. 

ITEM 4A. 
 EXECUTIVE OFFICERS OF THE REGISTRANT Executive officers are appointed by our Board of Directors and hold office until their successors are elected and duly qualified. The following persons serve as executive officers of MicroVision, Inc.: Sumit Sharma, age 49, was appointed Chief Executive Officer in February 2020 and served as Chief Operating Officer from June 2018 to February 2020, after serving as Vice President of Product Engineering and Operations since February 2017 and Vice President and Senior Director of Operations since September 2015. Prior to MicroVision, 
 15 

Table of Contents 

from April 2015 to September 2015, he was a Product Development and Operations consultant at BlueMadison Consulting. From November 2013 to March 2015, he was the Senior Director, Advanced Manufacturing Operations and Technology Development at Jawbone. From March 2011 to October 2013, he was the Head of Manufacturing Operations for project GLASS at Google. Mr. Sharma has extensive experience in optics, wearable technology, product development and qualification for automotive industry. Mr. Sharma also has deep experience in global operations and developing strategic partnerships. A patent holder, Mr. Sharma received his baccalaureate degree in engineering from New Jersey Institute of Technology. Anubhav Verma, age 37, joined MicroVision in November 2021 as Chief Financial Officer. Prior to MicroVision, from October 2016 to November 2021, he led several growth initiatives including M A and Capital Market transactions as Senior Vice President Finance of Exela Technologies. From November 2013 to October 2016, he was an Investment Professional of HandsOn Global Management driving end-to-end M A deals including post-merger integration along with several rounds of capital market financings. From July 2009 to October 2013, he advised several Fortune 500 companies as an Investment Banker at Credit Suisse in their New York and Mumbai offices. Mr. Verma has extensive experience in Mergers and Acquisitions (M A), Capital Markets and Strategic Finance roles for publicly listed and privately held companies. Mr. Verma received a Bachelor of Technology degree in engineering and a Masters of Technology degree in engineering from the Indian Institute of Technology, Bombay. Drew Markham, age 55, joined MicroVision in June 2021 as Vice President, General Counsel and Secretary. Before joining MicroVision, from January 2017 through June 2021, Ms. Markham was President at Avis , a social purpose corporation, where she was a legal consultant to publicly traded technology companies. From January 2013 to December 2016, she was Vice President, Deputy General Counsel Assistant Secretary at RealNetworks, Inc. From June 1999 to December 2012, she was an attorney with Wilson Sonsini Goodrich Rosati. Ms. Markham received her Juris Doctor degree from the University of Washington School of Law and her Bachelor of Science degree in Accounting from the University of Florida. PART II. 

ITEM 5. 
 MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES Market Information Our common stock began trading publicly on August 27, 1996. Our common stock trades on The Nasdaq Global Market under the ticker symbol MVIS. We have never declared or paid cash dividends on our common stock. We currently anticipate that we will retain all future earnings to fund the operations of our business and do not anticipate paying dividends on the common stock in the foreseeable future. As of February 24, 2023, there were approximately 128 holders of record of 175,818,617 shares of common stock outstanding. As many of our shares of common stock are held by brokerages and institutions on behalf of shareholders, we are unable to estimate the total number of beneficial holders of our common stock represented by these record holders. Stock Performance Graph This performance graph shall not be deemed to be soliciting material or filed or incorporated by reference in future filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission, or subject to the liabilities of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, or the Exchange Act, except as shall be expressly set forth by specific reference in such filing. The following graph shows a comparison from 2017 through 2022 of the cumulative total return for our common stock, the Russell 2000 Index, the NASDAQ Electrical Components Index and the Dow Jones US Electronic and Electrical Equipment Index. The NASDAQ Electrical Components Index has been discontinued. The comparisons in the graph are historical and are not intended to forecast or be indicative of possible future performance of our common stock. 
 16 

Table of Contents 

ITEM 6. 
 RESERVED 

ITEM 7. 
 MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS The following discussion of our financial condition and results of operations should be read in conjunction with our audited consolidated financial statements and the related notes included in Part II, Item 8 of this Form 10-K. The following discussion focuses on the results of our operations for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to the year ended December 31, 2021. Similar discussion of the results of our operations for the year ended December 31, 2021 compared to the year ended December 31, 2020 can be found in Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations in Part II, Item 7 of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2021. Overview Currently, our development efforts are primarily focused on automotive lidar sensors and perception software for ADAS applications. Our integrated solution will combine our MEMS-based lidar sensor, custom ASICs, and software targeted for sale to automotive OEMs and Tier 1 automotive suppliers. We are forecasting small quantities of sales in 2023, but we do not expect to achieve significant, sustained revenue from our ADAS solution in the near term. Although automotive lidar is our priority now, we have developed solutions for Augmented Reality, Interactive Displays, and Consumer Lidars. For the past few years, our strategy has been to sell AR displays or components, Interactive Displays, or Consumer Lidars to original equipment manufacturers (OEMs) and original design manufacturers (ODMs) for incorporation into their products. Currently, our sole customer is Microsoft Corporation. Our arrangement with this customer generates royalty income; however, the volume of sales and resulting royalties from that arrangement are not significant. In the recent past, we have been unable to secure additional customers to launch one of our products. 
 17 

Table of Contents 

We have incurred substantial losses since inception and expect to incur a significant loss during the fiscal year ending December 31, 2023. We have funded operations to date primarily through the sale of common stock, convertible preferred stock, warrants, the issuance of convertible debt and, to a lesser extent, from development contract revenues, product sales and licensing activities. There can be no assurance that additional capital will be available or that, if available, it will be available on terms acceptable to us on a timely basis. We cannot be certain that we will succeed in commercializing our technology or products. Continuing Impact of COVID-19 on Our Business Our business operations continue to be impacted by the ongoing COVID-19 pandemic. Government restrictions in the early days of the pandemic caused us to mostly close our offices in early 2020. To support our hardware development efforts, we reopened our offices in July 2021 while maintaining compliance with government mandates and health agency protocols, including masking requirements and encouraging vaccination. Some of our office employees continue to work remotely or on hybrid schedules. We may experience reductions in productivity and disruptions to our business routines while our hybrid work policy remains in place, or if our employees become ill and are unable to work, which could have an adverse effect on the timing of our development and productization activities. We will continue to prioritize the health and safety of our employees as we adapt our workplace policies based on evolving government regulation, health agency advice, and industry best practice. In addition, several of our suppliers have experienced closures or have been operating at reduced capacity, resulting in lower component availability. Continued disruptions to our supply chain could have a material impact on our development and future operations. Moreover, various global travel restrictions and office closures have hampered our business development efforts, making it more difficult to engage with potential customers and partners, which could have a material negative impact on our business prospects. Key accounting policies and estimates Our discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations are based upon our consolidated financial statements, which have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States. The preparation of these financial statements requires us to make estimates and judgments that materially affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenues and expenses, and related disclosure of contingent liabilities. We evaluate our estimates on a continuous basis. We base our estimates on historical data, terms of existing contracts, our evaluation of trends in the consumer display and 3D sensing industries, information provided by our current and prospective customers and strategic partners, information available from other outside sources and on various other assumptions we believe to be reasonable under the circumstances. The results form the basis for making judgments regarding the carrying values of assets and liabilities that are not readily apparent from other sources. Actual results may differ from these estimates under different assumptions or conditions. We believe the following key accounting policies require significant judgments and estimates used in the preparation of our consolidated financial statements. Revenue recognition Revenues are recognized when control of the promised goods or services are transferred to our customers, in an amount that reflects the consideration that we expect to receive in exchange for those goods or services. We generate all of our revenue from contracts with customers. Our contract revenue in a particular period is dependent upon when we enter into a contract, the value of the contracts we have entered into, and the availability of technical resources to perform work on the contracts. We recognize contract revenue either at a point in time, or over time, depending upon the characteristics of the individual contract. If control of the deliverable(s) occur over time, the revenue is recognized in proportion to the transfer of control. If control passes to the customer only upon completion and transfer of the asset, revenue is recognized at the completion of the contract. In contracts that include significant customer acceptance provisions, we recognize revenue only upon acceptance of the deliverable(s). We identify each performance obligation in our development contracts at contract inception. The contracts generally include product development and customization specified by the customer. In contracts with multiple performance obligations, we identify each performance obligation and evaluate whether the performance obligations are distinct within the context of the contract. Determining whether products and services are considered distinct performance obligations that should be accounted for separately versus together may require significant judgment. Performance obligations that are not distinct at contract inception are combined. 
 18 

Table of Contents 

If we identify multiple distinct performance obligations, we evaluate each performance obligation to determine if there is a stand-alone selling price. In instances where stand-alone selling price is not directly observable, such as when we do not sell the product or service separately, we determine the stand-alone selling price using information that may include market conditions and other observable inputs. Judgment is required to determine the stand-alone selling price for each distinct performance obligation. Our development contracts are primarily fixed-fee contracts. If control of deliverables occurs over time, we recognize revenue on fixed fee contracts on the proportion of total cost expended (under Topic 606, the input method to the total cost expected to complete the contract performance obligation. For contracts that require the input method for revenue recognition, the determination of the total cost expected to complete the performance obligations on fixed fee contracts involves significant judgment. We incorporate revisions to hour and cost estimates when the causal facts become known. Share-based compensation We issue share-based compensation to employees in the form of stock options, restricted stock units (RSUs), and performance stock units (PSUs). We account for the share-based awards by recognizing the fair value of share-based compensation expense on a straight-line basis over the service period of the award, net of estimated forfeitures. The fair value of stock options is estimated on the grant date using the Black-Scholes option pricing model. The fair value of RSUs and non-executive PSUs is determined by the closing price of our common stock on the grant date. For performance-based awards, expense is recognized when it is probable the performance criteria will be achieved. If the likelihood becomes improbable that the performance criteria will be achieved, the expense is reversed. Executive PSUs that have market-based performance criteria are valued using a binomial option pricing model using the following inputs: stock price, volatility, and risk-free interest rates. Changes in estimated inputs or using other option valuation methods may result in materially different option values and share-based compensation expense. Leases Significant judgment may be required when determining whether a contract contains a lease, the length of the lease term, the allocation of the consideration in a contract between lease and non-lease components, and the determination of the discount rate included in our office lease. We review the underlying objective of each contract, the terms of the contract, and consider our current and future business conditions when making these judgments. Income taxes Significant judgment is required in evaluating our tax position and in determining our provision for income taxes, our deferred tax assets and liabilities and any valuation allowance recorded against our net deferred tax assets. We record a valuation allowance when necessary to reduce deferred tax assets to the amount expected to be realized. Based on our history of losses since inception, the available objective evidence creates sufficient uncertainty regarding the realizability of the deferred tax assets. Our actual tax exposure may differ from our estimates and any such differences may impact income our tax expense in the period in which such determination is made. The key accounting policies described above are not intended to be a comprehensive list of all of our accounting policies. In many cases, the accounting treatment of a particular transaction is specifically dictated by generally accepted accounting principles, with no need for us to apply judgment or make estimates. There are also areas in which our judgment in selecting any available alternative would not produce a materially different result to our consolidated financial statements. Additional information about our accounting policies, and other disclosures required by generally accepted accounting principles, are set forth in the notes to our consolidated financial statements. Results of Operations YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022 COMPARED TO YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2021. License and royalty revenue 
 19 

Table of Contents 

2022 

of total revenue 

2021 

of total revenue 

change 

change 

(In thousands) 

License and royalty revenue 

664 

100.0 

2,500 

100.0 

(1,836) 

(73.4) 
 License and royalty revenue is revenue under license agreements to our PicoP scanning technology. We recognize revenue on upfront license fees at a point in time if the nature of the license granted is a right-to-use license, representing functional intellectual property with significant standalone functionality. If the nature of the license granted is a right-to-access license, representing symbolic intellectual property, which excludes significant standalone functionality, we recognize revenue over the period of time we have ongoing obligations under the agreement. We will recognize revenue from sales-based royalties on the basis of the quarterly reports provided by our customer as to the number of royalty-bearing products sold or otherwise distributed. In the event that reports are not received, we will estimate the number of royalty-bearing products sold by our customers. As described above, in March 2020, our customer took over production of components that we had been producing for them. As a result, beginning in March 2020, we earn a royalty on each component shipped that is approximately equal to the gross profit we would have earned if we had continued to produce and ship the components. The decrease in license and royalty revenue for year ended December 31, 2022 compared to the same period in 2021 was due to a lower number of royalty-bearing products being communicated to us as distributed by our customer. As we recognize this revenue, we record a corresponding reduction in the 10.0 million prepayment that we received from this customer in 2017; accordingly, no cash will be received for this royalty revenue unless and until the prepayment is exhausted. Cost of product revenue 

of 

of 

product 

product 

2022 

revenue 

2021 

revenue 

change 

change 

(In thousands) 

Cost of product revenue 

100 

n/a 

2 

n/a 

98 

4,900.0 
 
 Cost of product revenue includes the direct and allocated indirect costs of products sold to customers. Direct costs include labor, materials, reserves for estimated warranty expenses, and other costs incurred directly, or charged to us by our contract manufacturers, in the manufacture of these products. Indirect costs include labor, manufacturing overhead, and other costs associated with operating our manufacturing capabilities and capacity. Manufacturing overhead includes the costs of procuring, inspecting and storing material, facility and other costs, and is allocated to cost of product revenue based on the proportion of indirect labor which supported production activities. Cost of product revenue can fluctuate significantly from period to period, depending on the product mix and volume, the level of manufacturing overhead expense and the volume of direct material purchased. Cost of product revenue was higher during the twelve months ended December 31, 2022 compared to the same period in 2021 due to inventory write-downs for obsolete materials. Research and development expense 

2022 

2021 

change 

change 

(In thousands) 

Research and development expense 

30,413 

24,111 

6,302 

26.1 
 
 Research and development expense consists of compensation related costs of employees and contractors engaged in internal research and product development activities, direct material to support development programs, laboratory operations, outsourced development and processing work, and other operating expenses. We assign our research and development resources based on the business opportunity of the available projects, the skill mix of the resources available and the contractual commitments we have made to our customers. We believe that a substantial level of continuing research and development expense will be required to further develop our scanning technology. 
 20 

Table of Contents 

The increase in research and development expense during the year ended December 31, 2022 was primarily due to higher personnel costs as a result of increased headcount of 3.9 million, higher facilities expenses of 1.1 million higher non-cash compensation expense of 808,000 and higher purchased labor of 542,000 compared to the prior year. Sales, marketing, general and administrative expense 

2022 

2021 

change 

change 

(In thousands) 

Sales, marketing, general and administrative expense 

24,041 

22,256 

1,785 

8.0 
 
 Sales, marketing, general and administrative expense includes compensation and support costs for marketing, sales, management and administrative staff, and for other general and administrative costs, including legal and accounting services, consultants and other operating expenses. The increase in sales, marketing, general and administrative expense during the year ended December 31, 2022 was primarily attributed to increased salary and benefits expenses as a result of increased headcount of approximately 1.5 million, higher professional services of 1.0 million and increased business insurance of 1.0 million compared to the prior year, offset by lower consulting expenses of 1.4 million and lower non-cash compensation of 631,000. Income taxes No provision for income taxes has been recorded because we have experienced net losses from inception through December 31, 2022. At December 31, 2022, we had net operating loss carryforwards of approximately 440.3 million for federal income tax reporting purposes. In addition, we have research and development tax credits of 9.6 million. During 2022, 22.0 million federal net operating losses expired unused. A majority of the net operating loss carryforwards and research and development credits available to offset future taxable income, if any, will expire in varying amounts from 2023 to 2042, if not previously used. In certain circumstances, as specified in the Internal Revenue Code, a 50 or more ownership change by certain combinations of our shareholders during any three-year period would result in a limitation on our ability to use a portion of our net operating loss carryforwards. We recognize interest accrued and penalties related to unrecognized tax benefits in tax expense. We did not have any unrecognized tax benefits at December 31, 2022 or at December 31, 2021. Liquidity and Capital Resources We have incurred significant losses since inception. We have funded operations to date primarily through the sale of common stock, convertible preferred stock, warrants, the issuance of convertible debt and, to a lesser extent, from development contract revenues, product sales, and licensing activities. At December 31, 2022, we had 20.5 million in cash and cash equivalents and 62.2 million in investment securities. Between the effectiveness of the Asset Purchase Agreement, December 1, 2022, and the closing of the acquisition, January 31, 2023, we advanced operating funds to Ibeo totaling approximately EUR 6.6 million or approximately 7.1 million to support its ongoing operations while in insolvency. These funds included costs incurred by Ibeo to reduce its headcount so that only approximately 250 employees would transfer to MicroVision upon closing of the acquisition. The costs related to the headcount reductions will be reimbursed to MicroVision by way of deduction from the purchase price per the Asset Purchase Agreement. In addition, at closing, MicroVision paid EUR 7.0 million or approximately 7.6 million to Ibeo and EUR 3.0 million or 3.3 million to an escrow account to be available to cover properly established claims by MicroVision. We expect to make the remaining final payment during the second quarter of 2023. As of January 31, 2023, we had 18.5 million in cash and cash equivalents and 59.2 million in investment securities after making the payments to Ibeo as described above, but excluding the expected impact of the noted final payment that we expect to make in the second quarter. Based on our current operating plan for 2023 and beyond, we anticipate that we have sufficient cash and cash equivalents to fund our operations for at least the next 12 months. 
 21 

Table of Contents 

Operating activities Cash used in operating activities totaled 38.0 million during 2022, compared to 29.4 million in 2021. Cash used in operating activities resulted primarily from cash used to fund our net loss, after adjusting for non-cash charges such as share-based compensation, depreciation and amortization charges and changes in operating assets and liabilities. The changes in cash used in operating activities were primarily attributed to increased operating expenses to support the development of our lidar sensor and software solution. Investing activities Cash used in investing activities totaled 38.1 million in 2022, compared to cash provided by investing activities of 35.3 million in 2021. During the year ended December 31, 2022, we purchased short-term investment securities totaling 90.2 million and sold short-term investment securities totaling 60.6 million. During the year ended December 31, 2021, we purchased short-term investment securities totaling 32.8 million. In 2022, operating funds advances to Ibeo during the pre-closing period totaling 4.1 million were included in cash used in investing activities. Purchases of property and equipment during the twelve months ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 were 4.4 million and 2.5 million, respectively. The increase in 2022 was primarily due to one-time 2.2 million investment in tenant improvements for build-out construction for our new HQ office and lab space in Redmond, WA. We expect to recover this investment through the contractual incentive payment agreed to be paid by the new incoming tenant for timely exiting our old headquarters in Redmond, WA. Financing activities Cash provided by financing activities totaled 14.3 million in 2022, compared to 131.2 million in 2021. During the year ended December 31, 2022, we made principal payments under long-term debt totaling 392,000 related to the loan under the Paycheck Protection Program of the 2020 CARES Act (PPP) administered by the Small Business Administration compared to 488,000 in the prior year. Proceeds received from stock option exercises totaled 726,000 during 2022 compared to 2.7 million during 2021. Principal payments under finance leases were 26,000 in 2022 and 28,000 in 2021. The following is a list of our financing activities during 2022 and 2021. 

In June 2021, we entered into a 140.0 million ATM equity offering agreement with Craig-Hallum. Under the agreement we are able, at our discretion, to offer and sell shares of our common stock having an aggregate value of up to 140.0 million through Craig-Hallum. As of December 31, 2021, we had issued 4.0 million shares of our common stock for net proceeds of 67.8 million under this ATM agreement. In 2022, we issued 4.3 million shares of our common stock for net proceeds of 14.0 million under this ATM agreement. In January 2023, we issued 5.0 million shares of our common stock for net proceeds of 12.5 million under the agreement. As of February 28, 2023, we have approximately 43.5 million available under this ATM agreement. 

In February 2021, we entered into a 50.0 million ATM equity offering agreement with Craig-Hallum. Under the agreement we were able, at our discretion, to offer and sell shares of our common stock having an aggregate value of up to 50.0 million through Craig-Hallum. We issued 2.5 million shares of our common stock for net proceeds of 48.8 million under this ATM agreement. No further shares are available for sales under this agreement. 

In December 2020, we entered into a 13.0 million ATM equity offering agreement with Craig-Hallum. Under the agreement we were able to, from time to time, at our discretion offer and sell shares of our common stock having an aggregate value of up to 13.0 million through Craig-Hallum. As of December 31, 2020, we had issued 1.0 million shares for net proceeds of 6.1 million that was received in January 2021. The 6.1 million was classified as subscriptions receivable on our December 31, 2020 balance sheet and is not included in the cash balance as of December 31, 2020. In January 2021, we issued 1.1 million shares of our common stock for net proceeds of 6.6 million under the agreement. In total, we issued 2.1 million shares of our common stock for net proceeds of 12.7 million under this ATM agreement. No further shares are available for sales under this agreement. Our capital requirements will depend on many factors, including, but not limited to, the rate at which OEMs and other potential customers introduce products incorporating our technology and the market acceptance and competitive position of such products. Our ability to raise capital will depend on numerous factors, including the following: 
 22 

Table of Contents 

Perceptions of our ability to continue as a going concern; 

Market acceptance of products incorporating our technology; 

Changes in evaluations and recommendations by any securities analysts following our stock or our industry generally; 

Announcements by other companies in our industry; 

Changes in business or regulatory conditions; 

Announcements or implementation by our competitors of technological innovations or new products; 

The status of particular development programs and the timing of performance under specific development agreements; 

Economic and stock market conditions; 

The cost of filing, prosecuting, defending and enforcing any patent claims and other intellectual property rights; 

Our ability to establish cooperative development or licensing arrangements; or 

Other factors unrelated to our company or industry. If we are successful in establishing OEM co-development arrangements, we may receive full or partial funding for certain non-recurring engineering costs for technology development and/or product development. Nevertheless, we expect our capital requirements to remain high as we expand our activities and operations with the objective of commercializing our technology. Contractual obligations The following table lists our contractual obligations as of December 31, 2022 (in thousands): 

Payments Due By Period 

Contractual Obligations 
 
 5 years 

Total 

Open purchase obligations 

2,068 

49 

2,117 

Minimum payments under finance leases 

21 

21 

Minimum payments under operating leases + 

1,903 

3,843 

3,980 

9,663 

19,389 

3,992 

3,892 

3,980 

9,663 

21,527 

Open purchase obligations represent commitments to purchase materials, capital equipment, maintenance agreements and other goods used in the normal operation of our business. Recent accounting pronouncements See Note 2, Summary of significant accounting policies, in the Notes to the consolidated financial statements found in Part II, Item 8 of this Form 10-K. 

ITEM 7A. 
 QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK Interest Rate and Market Liquidity Risks As of December 31, 2022, all of our cash and cash equivalents have variable interest rates; however, we believe our exposure to market and interest rate risks is not material. Due to the generally short-term maturities of our investment securities, we believe that the market risk arising from our holdings of these financial instruments is not significant. We do not believe that inflation has had a material effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations; however, we do anticipate our labor costs to increase as a result of inflationary pressures. Our investment policy generally directs that the investment managers should select investments to achieve the following goals: principal preservation, adequate liquidity, and return. As of December 31, 2022, our cash and cash equivalents are comprised of short-term highly rated (A rated securities and above) money market savings accounts and our short-term investments are comprised of highly rated corporate and government debt securities (A rated securities and above). The values of cash and cash equivalents and investment securities, available-for-sale as of December 31, 2022, are as follows (in thousands): 
 23 

Table of Contents 

Amount 

Percent 

Cash and cash equivalents 

20,536 

24.8 

Less than one year 

62,173 

75.2 

82,709 

100.0 

Foreign Exchange Rate Risk Our major contract and collaborative research and development agreements, product sales, and licensing activity payments are currently made in U.S. dollars. However, in the future we may enter into contracts or collaborative research and development agreements in foreign currencies that may subject us to foreign exchange rate risk. We have entered into purchase orders and supply agreements in foreign currencies in the past and may enter into such arrangements, from time to time, in the future. We believe our exposure to currency fluctuations related to these arrangements is not material. We may enter into foreign currency hedges to offset material exposure to currency fluctuations when we can adequately determine the timing and amounts of the exposure. 
 24 

Table of Contents 

ITEM 8.

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 

INDEX TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Page 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (Moss Adams LLP, Seattle, Washington, PCAOB ID: 

26

Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 

27

Consolidated Statements of Operations for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 

28

Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Loss for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 

29

Consolidated Statements of Shareholders Equity (Deficit) for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 

30

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 

3 1

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

3 2

2 5

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 To the Shareholders and the Board of Directors of 
 MicroVision, Inc. 
 Opinion on the Financial Statements 

 We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of MicroVision, Inc. (the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the related consolidated statements of operations, comprehensive loss, shareholders equity (deficit) and cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022, and the related notes and schedule (collectively referred to as the consolidated financial statements ). In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the consolidated financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 
 We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) PCAOB ), the Company s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission and our report dated March 1, 2023, expressed an unqualified opinion on the Company s internal control over financial reporting. 
 Basis for Opinion 

 These consolidated financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s consolidated financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures to respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the consolidated financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the consolidated financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 Critical Audit Matters 

 Critical audit matters are matters arising from the current period audit of the consolidated financial statements that were communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that (1) relate to accounts or disclosures that are material to the consolidated financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. We determined that there are no critical audit matters. 
 /s/ 

March 1, 2023 
 We have served as the Company s auditor since 2012. 
 
 26 

MicroVision, Inc. 

Consolidated Balance Sheets 

(In thousands) 

December 31,

Assets

2022

2021

Current assets

Cash and cash equivalents

Investment securities, available-for-sale

Inventory

Advance to Ibeo

Other current assets

Total current assets

Property and equipment, net

Operating lease right-of-use

 asset

Restricted cash

Intangible assets, net

Other assets

Total assets

Liabilities and shareholders equity

Current liabilities

Accounts payable

Accrued liabilities

Contract liabilities

Other current liabilities

Current portion of long-term debt

Current portion of operating lease liability

Current portion of finance lease obligations

Total current liabilities

Operating lease liability, net of current portion

Finance lease obligations, net of current portion

Total liabilities

Commitments and contingencies (Note 12)

Shareholders equity

Preferred stock, par value ; shares authorized; and shares issued and outstanding, respectively

Common stock, par value ; shares authorized; and shares issued and outstanding at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively

Additional paid-in
 capital

Accumulated other comprehensive loss

() 

() 
 
 Accumulated deficit

() 

() 

Total shareholders equity

Total liabilities and shareholders equity

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

27

MicroVision, Inc. 

Consolidated Statements of Operations 

(In thousands, except per share data) 

Year Ended December 31,

2022

2021

2020

Product revenue

License and royalty revenue

Contract revenue

Total revenue

Cost of product revenue

Cost of contract revenue

Total cost of revenue

Gross profit

Research and development expense

Sales, marketing, general and administrative expense

Gain on disposal of fixed assets

() 

Total operating expenses

Loss from operations

() 

() 

() 
 
 Gain on debt extinguishment

Other income (expense), net

() 

() 

Net loss

() 

() 

() 

Net loss per share - basic and diluted

() 

() 

() 

Weighted-average shares outstanding - basic and diluted

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

28

MicroVision, Inc. 

Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Loss 

(In thousands) 

Year Ended December 31,

2022

2021

2020

Net loss

() 

() 

() 
 
 Other comprehensive loss

Unrealized loss on investment securities, available-for-sale

() 

() 

Comprehensive loss

() 

() 

() 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

29

MicroVision, Inc. 

Consolidated Statements of Shareholders Equity (Deficit) 

(In thousands) 

Additional

Accumulated

Total

Common Stock

paid-in

Subscriptions

other

Accumulated

shareholders 

Shares

Par value

capital

receivable

comprehensive loss

deficit

equity (deficit)

Balance at December 31, 2019

() 

() 
 
 Share-based compensation expense

Exercise of options

Sales of common stock, net of issuance costs

() 

Net loss

() 

() 

Balance at December 31, 2020

() 

() 

Share-based compensation expense

Exercise of options

Sales of common stock, net of issuance costs

Net loss

() 

() 
 
 Other comprehensive loss

() 

() 

Balance at December 31, 2021

() 

() 

Share-based compensation expense

Exercise of options

Sales of common stock, net of issuance costs

Net loss

() 

() 
 
 Other comprehensive loss

() 

() 

Balance at December 31, 2022

() 

() 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

3 0

MicroVision, Inc. 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
 (In thousands) 

Year Ended December 31,

2022

2021

2020

Cash flows from operating activities

Net loss

() 

() 

() 
 
 Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash used in operations:

Depreciation and amortization

Impairment of property and equipment

Gain on disposal of property and equipment

() 
 
 Share-based compensation expense

Non-cash
 interest (income) expense

() 

Inventory write-downs

Net accretion of premium on short-term investments

Gain on debt extinguishment

() 

Change in:

Accounts receivable

Inventory

() 

() 

Other current and non-current
 assets

() 

() 

Accounts payable

() 

() 
 
 Accrued liabilities

() 
 
 Deferred revenue

() 
 
 Contract liabilities and other current liabilities

() 

() 

() 
 
 Operating lease liabilities

() 

() 

() 

Net cash used in operating activities

() 

() 

() 

Cash flows from investing activities

Sales of investment securities

Purchases of investment securities

() 

() 

Advance to IBEO

() 

Proceeds on sale of property and equipment

Purchases of property and equipment

() 

() 

() 

Net cash provided by (used in) investing activities

() 

() 

Cash flows from financing activities

Principal payments under finance leases

() 

() 

() 
 
 Proceeds from long-term debt

Principal payments under long-term debt

() 

() 

Payments received on subscriptions receivable

Proceeds from stock option exercises

Net proceeds from issuance of common stock

Net cash provided by financing activities

Change in cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash

() 

Cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash at beginning of period

Cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash at end of period

Supplemental schedule of non-cash
 investing and financing activities

Issuance of common stock for subscriptions receivable

Property and equipment acquired under finance leases

Lease liabilities from obtaining right-of-use

 operating asset

Non-cash
 additions to property and equipment

The following table provides a reconciliation of the cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash balances as of December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020:

Year Ended December 31,

2022

2021

2020

Cash and cash equivalents

Restricted cash

Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 
 31 

MicroVision, Inc. 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

For the year ended December 31, 2022 

million or approximately 
 million to support its ongoing operations while in insolvency, of which million was advanced prior to December 31, 2022 and the remaining amount was advanced during January 2023. These funds included costs incurred by Ibeo to reduce its headcount so that only approximately 250 employees would transfer to MicroVision upon the closing of the acquisition. The costs related to the headcount reductions will be reimbursed to MicroVision by way of deduction from the purchase price per the Asset Purchase Agreement. In addition, at closing, MicroVision paid 

 EUR million or approximately million to Ibeo and EUR million or approximately million to an escrow account to be available to cover properly established claims by MicroVision. We expect to make the remaining final payment of the purchase price, net of deductions, during the second quarter of 2023. 

 As of January 31, 2023, we had million in cash and cash equivalents and million in investment securities after making the payments to Ibeo as described above, but excluding the expected impact of the noted final payment that we expect to make in the second quarter. Based on our current operating plan for 2023 and beyond, we anticipate that we have sufficient cash and cash equivalents to fund our operations for at least the next 12 months. 

related to a letter of credit that was issued in connection with a lease agreement entered into in September 2021 for our company headquarters in Redmond, Washington. The new lease commenced on December 1, 2022, and the required balance of the letter credit periodically decreases over the term of the 120-month
 lease. The restricted cash balance also includes related to a letter of credit that was issued in connection with a lease agreement entered into in September 2021 for our general office and lab space in Redmond, Washington, and the required balance of the letter of credit periodically decreases over the term of the 120-month
 lease. The restricted cash balance also includes related to a letter of credit which is outstanding in connection with a lease agreement for our former corporate headquarters building. The balance is required over the term of the lease, which was amended to provide us access until January 31, 2023. 

in revenue, representing of our total revenue. In 2021, the same customer accounted for million in revenue, representing of our total revenue. In 2020, the same customer accounted for million in revenue, representing of our total revenue. 

() 

() 

Denominator:

Weighted-average common shares outstanding

Net loss per share - basic and diluted

() 

() 

() 

Nonvested restricted stock units

Sales, marketing, general and administrative expense

:

Products transferred at a point in time

Product and services transferred over time

Total

Year Ended December 31, 2021

License and

Product

royalty

Contract

revenue

revenue

revenue

Total

Products transferred at a point in time

Product and services transferred over time

Total

Year Ended December 31, 2020

License and

Product

royalty

Contract

revenue

revenue

revenue

Total

Products transferred at a point in time

Product and services transferred over time

Total

Contract balances 

Accrued liabilities

Deferred revenue

Contract liabilities

Under Topic 606, our rights to consideration are presented separately depending on whether those rights are conditional or unconditional. We present our unconditional rights to consideration as accounts receivable in our Balance Sheet. 

 Significant changes in the contract assets and the contract liabilities balances during the period are as follows (in thousands, except percentages): 

Contract liabilities

() 

() 

Net contract assets (liabilities)

() 

() 

In April 2017, we signed a contract with Microsoft Corporation to develop an LBS display system. Under the agreement, we received an upfront payment of million. As of December 31, 2022, we had applied million against the contract liability. During the year ended December 31, 2022, we applied against the contract liability with this customer. 

 Contract acquisition costs 

We are required to capitalize certain contract acquisition costs consisting primarily of commissions paid when contracts are signed. We currently do not pay any commissions upon the signing of a contract; therefore, commission cost has been incurred as of December 31, 2022. 

 Transaction price allocated to the remaining performance obligations 

The million upfront payment received from our customer as noted above was being recognized as revenue as component sales were transferred to the customer. Under the new arrangement reached in March 2020, the royalties we expect to earn will be applied against the remaining prepayment. Because we do not have information on projected future shipments by our customer, we are not able to estimate the timing of revenue recognition related to the remaining performance obligations. The million contract liability is classified as a current liability on our balance sheet. It is likely that recognition of revenue may extend beyond the next twelve months. 

U.S. Treasury securities

As of December 31, 2021

Level 1

Level 2

Level 3

Total

Assets

Corporate debt securities

() 

U.S. Treasury securities

() 

() 

As of December 31, 2021

Assets

Corporate debt securities

() 

() 

() 

As of December 31, 2021

Less than one year

() 

() 

() 
 
 U.S. Treasury securities

() 

() 

() 

() 

As of December 31, 2021

Corporate debt securities

() 

() 

() 

() 

Work in process

We recorded inventory write-downs of in 2022, in 2021 and in 2020. 

Payroll and payroll taxes

Accrued professional fees

Liabilities to suppliers

Other

Leasehold improvements

Computer hardware and software/lab equipment

Office furniture and equipment

Less: Accumulated depreciation

() 

() 

Depreciation expense was in 2022, in 2021 and in 2020. 

4 1

in the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Amortization expense was in 2022, in 2021 and in 2020. 

2024

2025

2026

million shares of our common stock for net proceeds of million under this ATM agreement. In 2022, we issued million shares of our common stock for net proceeds of million under this ATM agreement. In January 2023, we issued million shares of our common stock for net proceeds of million under the agreement. As of February 28, 2023, we have approximately 
million available under this ATM agreement. 

 million shares of our common stock for net proceeds of million under this ATM agreement. No further shares are available for sales under this agreement. 

 million shares of our common stock for net proceeds of million under this ATM agreement. No further shares are available for sales under this agreement. 

 million shares authorized, which includes million shares not issued pursuant to any awards granted under the 2020 Incentive Plan. There were million shares available for awards as of December 31, 2022. 

 Options Valuation Methodology and Assumptions 

 We use the Black-Scholes option valuation model to determine the fair value of options granted and use the closing price of our common stock as the fair market value of our stock on that date. 

 We consider historical stock price volatilities, volatilities of similar companies and other factors in determining estimates of future volatilities. 

 We use historical lives, including post-termination exercise behavior, as the basis for estimating expected lives. 

 Risk-free rates are based on the U.S. Treasury Yield Curve, as published by the U.S. Treasury. 

Expected term (in years)

.0 

.0 

Risk-free rate

Expected dividends

Pre-vest
 forfeiture rate

Grant date fair value of options granted

Options Activity and Positions 

Granted

Exercised

() 

Forfeited or expired

() 

Outstanding as of December 31, 2020

Granted

Exercised

() 

Forfeited or expired

() 

Outstanding as of December 31, 2021

Granted

Exercised

() 

Forfeited or expired

() 

Outstanding as of December 31, 2022

Vested and expected to vest as of December 31, 2022

Exercisable as of December 31, 2022

The total grant date fair value of options vested during the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 was , and , respectively. As of December 31, 2022, our unrecognized share-based compensation was related to options, which we plan to expense over the next years. 

 Restricted stock activity and positions 

Granted

Vested

() 

Forfeited

() 

Unvested as of December 31, 2020

Granted

Vested

() 

Forfeited

() 

Unvested as of December 31, 2021

Granted

Vested

() 

Forfeited

() 

Unvested as of December 31, 2022

million PSUs to our executive officers. The PSUs are subject to the achievement of performance goals and time-based vesting. The PSUs will become eligible to vest if the closing price of our common stock reaches or exceeds specified price thresholds for at least 20 consecutive trading days during the performance period through December 31, 2025. If the performance goals are met, the portion of the PSUs deemed earned will become subject to time-based vesting in equal quarterly installments over two years starting from the date on which the goal is achieved. These PSUs were valued using a Monte Carlo simulation model using the following inputs: stock price, volatility, and risk-free interest rates. 

 million PSUs to non-executive
 employees subject to the achievement of development goals. These shares were valued based on the closing price of our common stock on the dates of grant. These shares vest quarterly over two years from the achievement of established performance criteria. We canceled PSUs in the fourth quarter of 2022 and re-issued
 PSUs in the first quarter of 2023 due to partial achievement of internal performance milestones. 
 time-based RSUs to non-executive
 employees for promotion, retention, and new hire grants. These shares were valued based on the closing price of our common stock on the dates of grant. These shares vest over three or four years from the date of grant. 
 million restricted stock units. These shares were valued based on the closing price of our common stock on the dates of grant. On the date of grant, 300,000 shares vested immediately, 300,000 vested in April 2022 and subsequent grants of 300,000 RSUs will be made on an annual basis in each of April 2023 and April 2024. 

 million shares of performance stock units to non-executive
 employees. These shares were valued based on the closing price of our common stock on the dates of grant. The shares vest one-eighth
 upon achievement of performance milestones with the remainder vesting quarterly over the following seven quarters. In 2021, million of the performance stock units were canceled because of modifications to or failure to achieve performance milestones. 
 million RSUs to non-executive
 employees for promotion, retention and new hire grants. These shares were valued based on the closing price of our common stock on the dates of grant. These shares vest annually over one to four years from the date of grant. 
 As of December 31, 2022, our unrecognized share-based compensation related to RSUs was million, which we plan to expense over the next years, our unrecognized share-based compensation related to executive PSUs was million, which we plan to expense over the next years, and our unrecognized share-based compensation related to the non-executive
 PSUs was million, which we plan to expense over the next year. 

4 4

The delivery date of the new space was September 1, 2022 to allow for the build out of tenant improvements before the commencement date. During the quarter ended September 30, 2022, we recorded a right-of-use

 asset in the amount of million on our balance sheet. 

. 

 . 

Finance lease expense:

Amortization of leased assets

Interest on lease liabilities

Total finance lease expense

Total lease expense

Operating cash flows from finance leases

Financing cash flows from finance leases

Right-of-use

 assets obtained in exchange for new lease obligations:

Operating leases

Current portion of operating lease liability

Operating lease liability, net of current portion

Total operating lease liabilities

Finance leases

Property and equipment, at cost

Accumulated depreciation

() 

() 

Property and equipment, net

Current portion of finance lease obligations

Finance lease obligations, net of current portion

Total finance lease liabilities

Weighted Average Remaining Lease Term

Operating leases

years 

years 

Finance leases

years 

years 

Weighted Average Discount Rate

Operating leases

Finance leases

2024

2025

2026

Thereafter

Total minimum lease payments

Less: amount representing interest

() 

() 

Present value of lease liabilities

provision for income taxes has been recorded for 2022, 2021 and 2020 due to the valuation allowances placed against the net operating losses and deferred tax assets arising during such periods. A valuation allowance has been recorded for all deferred tax assets. Based on our history of losses since inception, the available objective evidence creates sufficient uncertainty regarding the realizability of the deferred tax assets. 

Compensation related

() 

() 

Share-based compensation

() 

Net operating loss expiration

() 

() 

() 
 
 Tax credits

Change in valuation allowance

() 

() 

Total

Net operating loss carryforwards

R D credit carryforwards

Depreciation/amortization deferred

Operating lease liabilities

Other

Total deferred tax assets

Deferred tax liabilities:

Operating lease right-of-use

 assets

() 

() 

Total deferred tax liabilities

() 

() 

Net valuation allowances

() 

() 

Deferred tax assets

At December 31, 2022, we have net operating loss carryforwards of approximately 
 million for federal income tax reporting purposes. In addition, we have research and development tax credits of 
 million. A majority of the net operating loss carryforwards and research and development credits available to offset future taxable income, if any, will expire in varying amounts from 2023 
 to 2042 
, if not previously used. 

 Certain net operating losses arise from the deductibility for tax purposes of compensation under nonqualified stock options equal to the difference between the fair value of the stock on the date of exercise and the exercise price of the options. For financial reporting purposes, the tax effect of this deduction, when recognized, is accounted for as an income tax benefit. 

We had unrecognized tax benefits at December 31, 2022 or 2021. 

 We recognize interest accrued and penalties related to unrecognized tax benefits in tax expense. During the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 we recognized interest or penalties. 

 We file income tax returns in the U.S. federal jurisdiction and Oregon. Due to our operating loss and credit carryforwards, the U.S. federal statute of limitations remains open for and onward. 

 , and to the plan, respectively. 

48

Gross profit

() 

() 

Net loss

() 

() 

() 

() 
 
 Net loss per share, basic and diluted

() 

() 

() 

() 

Fiscal Year 2021

December 31,

September 30,

June 30,

March 31,

Revenue

Gross profit

Net loss

() 

() 

() 

() 
 
 Net loss per share, basic and diluted

() 

() 

() 

() 

Fiscal Year 2020

December 31,

September 30,

June 30,

March 31,

Revenue

Gross profit

Net loss

() 

() 

() 

() 
 
 Net loss per share, basic and diluted

() 

() 

() 

() 
 million or approximately million, subject to potential reduction on the terms set forth in the Asset Purchase Agreement. MicroVision has also advanced operating funds to Ibeo during the pre-Closing
 period on the terms and subject to the conditions set forth in the Asset Purchase Agreement. 
 On January 31, 2023, the acquisition of certain assets of Ibeo was completed. Through the closing date, Microvision has advanced operating funds to Ibeo totaling EUR million or approximately 
 million for its ongoing operations, of which million was advanced prior to December 31, 2022 and the remaining amount was advanced during January 2023. These operating funds also included costs related to headcount reductions carried out by Ibeo management, decreasing the number of employees to transfer in connection with the acquisition to approximately 250 employees. These headcount reduction costs will be reimbursed to MicroVision by way of deduction from the purchase price in accordance with the Asset Purchase Agreement. In addition, upon closing, MicroVision has made payments of 

 EUR million or approximately million to Ibeo and EUR million or approximately million to an escrow account towards the purchase price. We expect to make the remaining final payment in Q2 2023 net of all such costs that will be reimbursed to MicroVision per the Asset Purchase Agreement. 

49 

Table of Contents 

ITEM 9. 
 CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE There have been no changes in or disagreements with accountants on accounting or financial disclosure matters during our fiscal years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020. 

ITEM 9A. 
 CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES (a) Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures. Our Chief Executive Officer (CEO) and the Chief Financial Officer (CFO) evaluated our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rules 13a-15(e)) under the Securities and Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ), prior to the filing of this Form 10-K. Based upon that evaluation, our CEO and CFO concluded that, as of December 31, 2022, our disclosure controls and procedures were effective. (b) Management s Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting. Our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting, as such term is defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f). Our management conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting based on the framework in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. Based on its evaluation under the framework in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013), our management concluded that our internal control over financial reporting was effective as of December 31, 2022. (c) Limitations on the Effectiveness of Controls. Because of inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. (d) Changes in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting. Except for the changes in connection with our implementation of the remediation plan discussed above, there were no other changes in our internal control over financial reporting during the quarter ended December 31, 2022 which has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 
 50 

Table of Contents 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm To the Shareholders and the Board of Directors of MicroVision, Inc. Opinion on Internal Control over Financial Reporting We have audited Microvision Inc. s (the Company internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission COSO ). In our opinion, the Company maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022 based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) issued by COSO. We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) PCAOB ), the consolidated balance sheets of Microvision Inc. as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, the related consolidated statements of operations, comprehensive loss, changes in shareholders equity (deficit) and cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022, and the related notes and schedule (collectively referred to as the consolidated financial statements and our report dated March 1, 2023 expressed an unqualified opinion on those consolidated financial statements. Basis for Opinion The Company s management is responsible for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting, included in the accompanying Management s Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting included in Item 9A. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s internal control over financial reporting based on our audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. Our audit included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, and testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk. Our audit also included performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion. Definition and Limitations of Internal Control Over Financial Reporting A company s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. /s/ Moss Adams LLP Seattle, Washington March 1, 2023 
 51 

Table of Contents 

ITEM 9B. 
 OTHER INFORMATION None. 

ITEM 9C. 
 DISCLOSURE REGARDING FOREIGN JURISDICTIONS THAT PREVENT INSPECTIONS None. PART III. 

ITEM 10. 
 DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE Information regarding executive officers is included in Part I of this Annual Report on Form 10-K in Item 4A. The information required by this Item 10 of Form 10-K and not provided in Item 4A will be included under the caption Proposal one - Election of Directors and Board of Directors Governance Matters in our 2023 Proxy Statement and is incorporated herein by reference. Our 2023 Proxy Statement will be filed with the SEC prior to our 2023 Annual Meeting of Shareholders. 

ITEM 11. 
 EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION The information required by this Item 11 of Form 10-K will be included under the captions Executive Compensation, Compensation Committee Interlocks and Insider Participation, and Director Compensation for 2022 in our 2023 Proxy Statement and are incorporated herein by reference. 

ITEM 12. 
 SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS Information as of December 31, 2022, regarding equity compensation plans approved and not approved by shareholders is summarized in the following table (in thousands, except per share data): 

Equity Compensation Plan Information 

Number of 

Number of securities 

securities to be 

Weighted- 

remaining available for 

issued upon 

average exercise 

further issuance under 

exercise of 

price of 

equity compensation 

outstanding 

outstanding 

plans (excluding 

options, warrants 

options, warrants 

securities reflected in 

and rights 

and rights 

column (a)) 

Plan Category 
 
 (a) 

(b) 

(c) 

Equity compensation plans approved by shareholders 

12,732 

Options to purchase common stock 

945 

1.26 

Restricted stock units and performance stock units 

8,866 

Equity compensation plans not approved by shareholders 

Total 

9,811 

12,732 

The other information required by this Item 12 of Form 10-K will be included under the caption Information about MicroVision Common Stock in our 2023 Proxy Statement and is incorporated herein by reference. 
 52 

Table of Contents 

ITEM 13.

CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 

The information required by this Item 13 of Form 10-K
 will be included under the captions Certain Relationships and Related Transactions and Board of Directors Governance Matters in our 2023 Proxy Statement and are incorporated herein by reference. 

ITEM 14.

PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING FEES AND SERVICES 

The information required by this Item 14 of Form 10-K
 will be included under the caption Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm in our 2023 Proxy Statement and is incorporated herein by reference. 

 PART IV. 

ITEM 15.

EXHIBITS, FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES 

(A) Documents filed as part of this Annual Report on Form 10-K:

1. Consolidated Financial Statements 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 

Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 

Consolidated Statements of Operations for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 

Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Loss for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 

Consolidated Statements of Shareholders Equity (Deficit) for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

2. Financial Statement Schedules 

() 

2021

Tax valuation allowance

2022

Tax valuation allowance

All other schedules are omitted because they are not applicable, or because the information required is included in the consolidated financial statements and notes thereto. 

5 3

Table of Contents 

3. Exhibits The following exhibits are referenced or included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

Exhibit Number 
 
 Description 

2.1 
 
 Asset Purchase Agreement, dated December 1, 2022, by and between Ibeo Automotive Systems GmbH and MicroVision GmbH (14) 

2.2 
 
 Amendment Agreement, dated January 31, 2023, to the Asset Purchase Agreement, dated December 1, 2022, by and between Ibeo Automotive Systems GmbH and MicroVision GmbH (14) 

3.1 
 
 Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of MicroVision, Inc., as amended. (2) 

3.2 
 
 Certificate of Amendment to the Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of MicroVision, Inc. (4) 

3.3 
 
 Certificate of Amendment to the Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of MicroVision, Inc. dated June 7, 2018. (6) 

3.4 
 
 Certificate of Amendment to the Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of MicroVision, Inc. dated October 8, 2020. (8) 

3.5 
 
 Bylaws of MicroVision, Inc. (5) 

4.1 
 
 Form of Specimen Stock Certificate for Common Stock. (1) 

4.2 
 
 Description of Common Stock (9) . 

10.1 
 
 2022 MicroVision, Inc. Incentive Plan. (13) 

10.2 
 
 Third Amendment to Lease Agreement between BRE WA Office Owner, LLC and MicroVision, Inc., dated July 25, 2017. (7) 

10.3 
 
 Change of Control Severance Plan. (3) 

10.4 
 
 Employment Agreement between MicroVision, Inc. and Sumit Sharma dated April 8, 2021. (11) 

10.5 
 
 At-the-Market Issuance Sales Agreement, dated June 21, 2021, by and between the Company and Craig-Hallum Capital Group LLC (10) 

10.6 
 
 Lease Agreement between Redmond East Office Park LLC and MicroVision, Inc. dated September 24, 2021 (covering approximately 16,681 square feet). (12) 

10.7 
 
 Lease Agreement between Redmond East Office Park LLC and MicroVision, Inc. dated September 24, 2021 (covering approximately 36,062 square feet). (12) 

10.8 
 
 Form of Performance-Based Restricted Stock Unit Agreement (13) 

10.9 
 
 Form of Restricted Stock Unit Agreement 

23.1 
 
 Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm Moss Adams LLP. 

31.1 
 
 Principal Executive Officer Certification pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

31.2 
 
 Principal Financial Officer Certification pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

32.1 
 
 Principal Executive Officer Certification pursuant to Rule 13a-14(b) or Rule 15d-14(b) and Section 1350, Chapter 63 of Title 18, United States Code (18 U.S.C. 1350), as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

32.2 
 
 Principal Financial Officer Certification pursuant to Rule 13a-14(b) or Rule 15d-14(b) and Section 1350, Chapter 63 of Title 18, United States Code (18 U.S.C. 1350), as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 54 

Table of Contents 

Exhibit Number 
 
 Description 

101.INS 
 
 Inline XBRL Instance Document (the instance document does not appear in the Interactive Data File because its XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document). 

101.SCH 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema. 

101.CAL 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document. 

101.DEF 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document. 

101.LAB 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document. 

101.PRE 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document. 

104 
 
 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101). 

(1) 
 Incorporated by reference to the Company s Post-Effective Amendment to Form S-3 Registration Statement, Registration No. 333-102244. 

(2) 
 Incorporated by reference to the Company s Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended September 30, 2009. 

(3) 
 Incorporated by reference to the Company s Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2011. 

(4) 
 Incorporated by reference to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on February 17, 2012. 

(5) 
 Incorporated by reference to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on November 27, 2013. 

(6) 
 Incorporated by reference to the Company s Amendment No. 2 to Form S-1 Registration Statement, Registration No. 333-222857. 

(7) 
 Incorporated by reference to the Company s Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2017. 

(8) 
 Incorporated by reference to the Company s Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended September 30, 2020. 

(9) 
 Incorporated by reference to the Company s Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2020. 

(10) 
 Incorporated by reference to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on June 21, 2021. 

(11) 
 Incorporated by reference to the Company s Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended June 30, 2021. 

(12) 
 Incorporated by reference to the Company s Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended September 30, 2021. 

(13) 
 Incorporated by reference to the Company s Form S-8 filed on June 8, 2022. 

(14) 
 Incorporated by reference to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on February 3, 2023. 

Management contracts and compensatory plans and arrangements required to be filed as exhibits pursuant to Item 15(b) of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

ITEM 16. 
 FORM 10-K SUMMARY None. 
 55 

Table of Contents 

SIGNATURES Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

MicroVision, Inc. 

Date: March 1, 2023 

By 
 
 /s/ Sumit Sharma 

Sumit Sharma Chief Executive Officer and Director 
 POWER OF ATTORNEY KNOW ALL PERSONS BY THESE PRESENTS, that each person whose signature appears below constitutes and appoints Sumit Sharma and Anubhav Verma, jointly and severally, his or her attorneys-in-fact, each with the power of substitution, for him or her in any and all capacities, to sign any amendments to this Annual Report on Form 10-K, and to file the same, with exhibits thereto and other documents in connection therewith, with the Securities and Exchange Commission, hereby ratifying and confirming all that each of said attorneys-in-fact, or his substitute or substitutes, may do or cause to be done by virtue hereof. Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the following capacities on March 1, 2023. 

Signature 
 
 Title 

/s/ Sumit Sharma Sumit Sharma 
 
 Chief Executive Officer and Director (Principal Executive Officer) 

/s/ Anubhav Verma Anubhav Verma 
 
 Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer) 

/s/ Simon Biddiscombe Simon Biddiscombe 
 
 Director 

/s/ Robert P. Carlile Robert P. Carlile 
 
 Director 

/s/ Judy Curran Judy Curran 
 
 Director 

/s/ Jeffrey Herbst Jeffrey Herbst 
 
 Director 

/s/ Seval Oz Seval Oz 
 
 Director 

Mark Spitzer 
 
 Director 

/s/ Brian V. Turner Brian V. Turner 
 
 Director 
 
 56 

<EX-10.9>
 2
 d461483dex109.htm
 EX-10.9

EX-10.9 

Exhibit 10.9 
 MICROVISION, INC. 2022
EQUITY INCENTIVE PLAN RESTRICTED STOCK UNIT AGREEMENT 
 Unless otherwise defined herein, the terms defined in the MicroVision, Inc. 2022 Equity Incentive Plan (the Plan will
have the same defined meanings in this Restricted Stock Unit Agreement which includes the Notice of Restricted Stock Unit Grant (the Notice of Grant ), the Terms and Conditions of Restricted Stock Unit Grant, attached hereto as
 Exhibit A , and all other exhibits, appendices, and addenda attached hereto (the Award Agreement ). NOTICE OF RESTRICTED
STOCK UNIT GRANT Participant Name: 
 The undersigned Participant has been granted an Award of Restricted Stock Units, subject to the terms and conditions of the Plan and this Award
Agreement, as follows: 

Grant Number 

Date of Grant 

Vesting Commencement Date 

Number of Restricted Stock Units 

Vesting Schedule : 
 Subject to any acceleration provisions contained in the Plan or set forth below (including the Exhibits hereto), the Restricted Stock Units
will vest in accordance with the following schedule: [ ] 
 A Quarterly Vesting Date is the first trading day on or after each of [March 31], [June 30], [September 30] and [December
31]. Unless specifically provided otherwise in this Award Agreement or other written agreement authorized by the Administrator between
Participant and the Company or any Parent or Subsidiary of the Company, as applicable, governing the terms of this Award, Restricted Stock Units scheduled to vest on a certain date or upon the occurrence of a certain condition will not vest in
accordance with any of the provisions of this Award Agreement, unless Participant will have been continuously a Service Provider from the Date of Grant until the date such vesting occurs. 

By Participant s signature and the signature of the representative of the Company
below, Participant and the Company agree that this Award of Restricted Stock Units is granted under and governed by the terms and conditions of the Plan and this Award Agreement, including the Terms and Conditions of Restricted Stock Unit Grant,
attached hereto as Exhibit A and all other exhibits, appendices and addenda attached hereto, all of which are made a part of this document. Participant acknowledges receipt of a copy of the Plan. Participant has reviewed the Plan and this
Award Agreement in their entirety, has had an opportunity to obtain the advice of counsel prior to executing this Award Agreement and fully understands all provisions of the Plan and this Award Agreement. Participant hereby agrees to accept as
binding, conclusive and final all decisions or interpretations of the Administrator upon any questions relating to the Plan or this Award Agreement. Participant further agrees to notify the Company upon any change in Participant s residence
address indicated below. 

PARTICIPANT 

MICROVISION, INC. 

Signature 

Signature 

Print Name 

Print Name 

Title 

Residence Address: 

- 2 - 

EXHIBIT A 
 TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF RESTRICTED STOCK UNIT GRANT 
 1. Grant of Restricted Stock Units . The Company hereby grants to the individual Participant named in the Notice of
Restricted Stock Unit Grant of this Award Agreement (the Notice of Grant under the Plan an Award of Restricted Stock Units, and subject to the terms and conditions of this Award Agreement and the Plan, which is incorporated
herein by reference. Subject to Section 20 of the Plan, in the event of a conflict between the terms and conditions of the Plan and this Award Agreement, the terms and conditions of the Plan shall prevail. 
 2. Company s Obligation to Pay . Each Restricted Stock Unit represents the right to receive a Share on the date it vests. Unless
and until the Restricted Stock Units will have vested in the manner set forth in Section 3 or 4, Participant will have no right to payment of any such Restricted Stock Units. Prior to actual payment of any vested Restricted Stock Units, such
Restricted Stock Unit will represent an unsecured obligation of the Company, payable (if at all) only from the general assets of the Company. 
 3. Vesting Schedule . Except as provided in Section 4, and subject to Section 5, the Restricted Stock Units awarded by this
Award Agreement will vest in accordance with the vesting provisions set forth in the Notice of Grant. Unless specifically provided otherwise in this Award Agreement or other written agreement authorized by the Administrator between Participant and
the Company or any Parent or Subsidiary of the Company, as applicable, governing the terms of this Award, Restricted Stock Units scheduled to vest on a certain date or upon the occurrence of a certain condition will not vest in accordance with any
of the provisions of this Award Agreement, unless Participant will have been continuously a Service Provider from the Date of Grant until the date such vesting occurs. 
 4. Payment after Vesting . 
 (a) General Rule . Subject to Section 7, any Restricted Stock Units that vest will be paid to Participant (or in the event of
Participant s death, to Participant s properly designated beneficiary or estate) in whole Shares. Subject to the provisions of Section 4(c), such vested Restricted Stock Units shall be paid in whole Shares as soon as practicable after
vesting, but in each such case within sixty (60) days following the vesting date. In no event will Participant be permitted, directly or indirectly, to specify the taxable year of payment of any Restricted Stock Units payable under this Award
Agreement. (b) Administrator Discretion . The Administrator, in its discretion, may accelerate the vesting of the balance, or some
lesser portion of the balance, of the unvested Restricted Stock Units at any time, subject to the terms of the Plan. If so accelerated, such Restricted Stock Units will be considered as having vested as of the date specified by the Administrator.
 (c) Section 409A . 
 (i) If Participant is a U.S. taxpayer, the payment of Shares vesting pursuant to this Award Agreement (including any discretionary
acceleration under Section 4(b)) shall in all cases be paid at a time or in a manner that is exempt from, or complies with, Section 409A. The prior sentence may be superseded in a future agreement or amendment to this Award Agreement only
by direct and specific reference to such sentence. 

(ii) Notwithstanding anything in the Plan or this Award Agreement or any other agreement
(whether entered into before, on or after the Date of Grant), if the vesting of the balance, or some lesser portion of the balance, of the Restricted Stock Units is accelerated in connection with the termination of Participant s status as a
Service Provider (provided that such termination is a separation from service within the meaning of Section 409A, as determined by the Administrator), other than due to Participant s death, and if (x) Participant is a U.S.
taxpayer and a specified employee within the meaning of Section 409A at the time of such termination as a Service Provider and (y) the payment of such accelerated Restricted Stock Units will result in the imposition of
additional tax under Section 409A if paid to Participant on or within the six (6) month period following the cessation of Participant s status as a Service Provider, then the payment of such accelerated Restricted Stock Units will not
be made until the date six (6) months and one (1) day following the date of cessation of Participant s status as a Service Provider, unless Participant dies following Participant s termination as a Service Provider, in which
case, the Restricted Stock Units will be paid in Shares to Participant s estate as soon as practicable following Participant s death. 
 (iii) It is the intent of this Award Agreement that it and all payments and benefits to U.S. taxpayers hereunder be exempt from, or comply
with, the requirements of Section 409A so that none of the Restricted Stock Units provided under this Award Agreement or Shares issuable thereunder will be subject to the additional tax imposed under Section 409A, and any ambiguities or
ambiguous terms herein will be interpreted to be so exempt or so comply. Each payment payable under this Award Agreement is intended to constitute a separate payment for purposes of Treasury Regulations
 Section 1.409A-2(b)(2). To the extent necessary to comply with Section 409A, references to termination of Participant s status as a Service Provider, termination of employment, or similar
phrases will be references to Participant s separation from service within the meaning of Section 409A. In no event will the Company or any Parent or Subsidiary of the Company have any responsibility, liability, or obligation
to reimburse, indemnify, or hold harmless Participant (or any other person) for any taxes, penalties and interest that may be imposed, or other costs that may be incurred, as a result of Section 409A. 
 5. Forfeiture Upon Termination as a Service Provider . Unless specifically provided otherwise in this Award Agreement or other written
agreement authorized by the Administrator between Participant and the Company or any of its Subsidiaries or Parents, as applicable, governing the terms of this Award, if Participant ceases to be a Service Provider for any or no reason, the
then-unvested Restricted Stock Units awarded by this Award Agreement will thereupon be forfeited at no cost to the Company upon the date of such cessation and Participant will have no further rights thereunder. 
 6. Death of Participant . Any distribution or delivery to be made to Participant under this Award Agreement, if Participant is then
deceased, will be made to Participant s designated beneficiary, or if no beneficiary survives Participant, the administrator or executor of Participant s estate. Any such transferee must furnish the Company with (a) written notice of
such transferee s status as transferee, and (b) evidence satisfactory to the Company to establish the validity of the transfer and compliance with any laws or regulations pertaining to said transfer. 
 -2- 

7. Tax Obligations 
 (a) Responsibility for Taxes . Participant acknowledges that, regardless of any action taken by the Company or, if different,
Participant s employer or any Parent or Subsidiary of the Company to which Participant is providing services (together, the Service Recipients ), the ultimate liability for any tax and/or social insurance liability obligations
and requirements in connection with the Restricted Stock Units, including, without limitation, (i) all federal, state, and local taxes (including Participant s Federal Insurance Contributions Act (FICA) obligations) that are required to be
withheld by any Service Recipient or other payment of tax-related items related to Participant s participation in the Plan and legally applicable to Participant, (ii) Participant s and, to the
extent required by any Service Recipient, the Service Recipient s fringe benefit tax liability, if any, associated with the grant, vesting, or settlement of the Restricted Stock Units or sale of Shares, and (iii) any other Service
Recipient taxes the responsibility for which Participant has, or has agreed to bear, with respect to the Restricted Stock Units (or settlement thereof or issuance of Shares thereunder) (collectively, the Tax Obligations ), is and
remains Participant s sole responsibility and may exceed the amount actually withheld by the applicable Service Recipient(s). Participant further acknowledges that no Service Recipient (A) makes any representations or undertakings
regarding the treatment of any Tax Obligations in connection with any aspect of the Restricted Stock Units, including, but not limited to, the grant, vesting or settlement of the Restricted Stock Units, the subsequent sale of Shares acquired
pursuant to such settlement and the receipt of any dividends or other distributions, and (B) makes any commitment to and is under any obligation to structure the terms of the grant or any aspect of the Restricted Stock Units to reduce or
eliminate Participant s liability for Tax Obligations or achieve any particular tax result. Further, if Participant is subject to Tax Obligations in more than one jurisdiction between the Date of Grant and the date of any relevant taxable or
tax withholding event, as applicable, Participant acknowledges that the applicable Service Recipient(s) (or former employer, as applicable) may be required to withhold or account for Withholding Obligations (as defined below) in more than one
jurisdiction. (b) Tax Withholding . Pursuant to such procedures as the Administrator may specify from time to time, the applicable
Service Recipient(s) will withhold the amount required to be withheld for the payment of Tax Obligations (the Withholding Obligations ). Subject to Applicable Laws, Withholding Obligations shall be satisfied by having the
Company withhold otherwise deliverable Shares having a fair market value equal to the minimum amount that is necessary to meet the withholding requirement for such Withholding Obligations (or such greater amount as Participant may elect if permitted
by the Administrator, if such greater amount would not result in adverse financial accounting consequences) Net Share Withholding ), provided that if the Administrator determines in good faith that Net Share Withholding would be
materially detrimental to the Company s operation or strategic plans, then the Withholding Obligations will be satisfied by selling a sufficient number of such Shares otherwise deliverable to Participant, through such means as the Company may
determine in its sole discretion (whether through a broker or otherwise) equal to the minimum amount that is necessary to meet the withholding requirement for such Withholding Obligations (or such greater amount as Participant may elect if permitted
by the Administrator, if such greater amount would not result in adverse financial accounting consequences) Sell to Cover ). If the Withholding Obligations are satisfied by withholding in Shares, for tax purposes, Participant is
deemed to have been issued the full number of Shares subject to the vested Restricted Stock Units, notwithstanding that a number of the Shares are held back solely for the purpose of paying the Withholding Obligations. If Net Share Withholding is
the method by which such Withholding 
 -3- 

Obligations are satisfied, the Company will not withhold on a fractional Share basis to satisfy any portion of the Withholding Obligations and, unless the Company determines otherwise, no refund
will be made to Participant for the value of the portion of a Share, if any, withheld in excess of the Withholding Obligations. If a Sell to Cover is the method by which Withholding Obligations are satisfied, Participant agrees that as part of the
Sell to Cover, additional Shares may be sold to satisfy any associated broker or other fees. Only whole Shares will be sold pursuant to a Sell to Cover. Any proceeds from the sale of Shares pursuant to a Sell to Cover that are in excess of the
Withholding Obligations and any associated broker or other fees will be paid to Participant in accordance with procedures the Company may specify from time to time. 
 (c) Tax Consequences . Participant has reviewed with Participant s own tax advisers the U.S. federal, state, local and non-U.S. tax consequences of this investment and the transactions contemplated by this Award Agreement. With respect to such matters, Participant relies solely on such advisers and not on any statements or
representations of the Company or any of its agents, written or oral. Participant understands that Participant (and not the Company) shall be responsible for Participant s own tax liability that may arise as a result of this investment or the
transactions contemplated by this Award Agreement. (d) Company s Obligation to Deliver Shares . For
clarification purposes, in no event will the Company issue Participant any Shares unless and until arrangements satisfactory to the Administrator have been made for the payment of Participant s Withholding Obligations. If Participant fails to
make satisfactory arrangements for the payment of such Withholding Obligations hereunder at the time any applicable Restricted Stock Units otherwise are scheduled to vest pursuant to Sections 3 or 4 or Participant s Withholding Obligations
otherwise become due, Participant permanently will forfeit such Restricted Stock Units to which Participant s Withholding Obligation relates and any right to receive Shares thereunder and such Restricted Stock Units will be returned to the
Company at no cost to the Company. Participant acknowledges and agrees that the Company may permanently refuse to issue or deliver the Shares if such Withholding Obligations are not delivered at the time they are due. 
 8. Rights as Stockholder . Neither Participant nor any person claiming under or through Participant will have any of the rights or
privileges of a stockholder of the Company in respect of any Shares deliverable hereunder unless and until certificates representing such Shares (which may be in book entry form) will have been issued, recorded on the records of the Company or its
transfer agents or registrars, and delivered to Participant (including through electronic delivery to a brokerage account). After such issuance, recordation and delivery, Participant will have all the rights of a stockholder of the Company with
respect to voting such Shares and receipt of dividends and distributions on such Shares. 9. No Guarantee of Continued Service .
PARTICIPANT ACKNOWLEDGES AND AGREES THAT THE VESTING OF THE RESTRICTED STOCK UNITS PURSUANT TO THE VESTING SCHEDULE HEREOF IS EARNED ONLY BY CONTINUING AS A SERVICE PROVIDER, WHICH UNLESS PROVIDED OTHERWISE UNDER APPLICABLE LAWS IS AT THE WILL OF
THE APPLICABLE SERVICE RECIPIENT AND NOT THROUGH THE ACT OF BEING HIRED, BEING GRANTED THIS RESTRICTED STOCK UNIT AWARD OR ACQUIRING SHARES HEREUNDER. PARTICIPANT FURTHER ACKNOWLEDGES AND AGREES THAT THIS AWARD AGREEMENT, THE TRANSACTIONS
CONTEMPLATED 
 -4- 

HEREUNDER AND THE VESTING SCHEDULE SET FORTH HEREIN DO NOT CONSTITUTE AN EXPRESS OR IMPLIED PROMISE OF CONTINUED ENGAGEMENT AS A SERVICE PROVIDER FOR THE VESTING PERIOD, FOR ANY PERIOD, OR AT
ALL, AND SHALL NOT INTERFERE IN ANY WAY WITH PARTICIPANT S RIGHT OR THE RIGHT OF ANY SERVICE RECIPIENT TO TERMINATE PARTICIPANT S RELATIONSHIP AS A SERVICE PROVIDER, SUBJECT TO APPLICABLE LAW, WHICH TERMINATION, UNLESS PROVIDED OTHERWISE
UNDER APPLICABLE LAW, MAY BE AT ANY TIME, WITH OR WITHOUT CAUSE. 10. Grant is Not Transferable . Except to the limited extent
provided in Section 6, this Award and the rights and privileges conferred hereby will not be transferred, assigned, pledged or hypothecated in any way (whether by operation of law or otherwise) and will not be subject to sale under execution,
attachment or similar process. Upon any attempt to transfer, assign, pledge, hypothecate or otherwise dispose of this Award, or any right or privilege conferred hereby, or upon any attempted sale under any execution, attachment or similar process,
this Award and the rights and privileges conferred hereby immediately will become null and void. 11. Nature of Grant . In accepting
this Award of Restricted Stock Units, Participant acknowledges, understands and agrees that: (a) the grant of the Restricted Stock Units
is voluntary and occasional and does not create any contractual or other right to receive future grants of Restricted Stock Units, or benefits in lieu of Restricted Stock Units, even if Restricted Stock Units have been granted in the past; 
 (b) all decisions with respect to future Restricted Stock Units or other grants, if any, will be at the sole discretion of the Administrator;
 (c) Participant is voluntarily participating in the Plan; 
 (d) the Restricted Stock Units and the Shares subject to the Restricted Stock Units are not intended to replace any pension rights or
compensation; (e) the Restricted Stock Units and the Shares subject to the Restricted Stock Units, and the income and value of same, are
not part of normal or expected compensation for purposes of calculating any severance, resignation, termination, redundancy, dismissal, end-of-service payments, bonuses,
long-service awards, pension or retirement or welfare benefits or similar payments; (f) the future value of the Shares underlying the
Restricted Stock Units is unknown, indeterminable, and cannot be predicted; (g) for purposes of the Restricted Stock Units,
Participant s status as a Service Provider will be considered terminated as of the date Participant is no longer actively providing services to the Company or any Parent or Subsidiary (regardless of the reason for such termination and whether
or not later found to be invalid or in breach of employment laws in the jurisdiction where Participant is a Service Provider or the terms of Participant s employment or service agreement, if any), and unless otherwise expressly provided in this
Award Agreement (including by reference in the Notice of Grant to other arrangements or contracts) or determined by the Administrator, Participant s right to vest in the Restricted Stock Units under the Plan, if any, will terminate as of such
date and will 
 -5- 

not be extended by any notice period e.g. , Participant s period of service would not include any contractual notice period or any period of garden leave or similar
period mandated under employment laws in the jurisdiction where Participant is a Service Provider or the terms of Participant s employment or service agreement, if any, unless Participant is providing bona fide services during such time); the
Administrator shall have the exclusive discretion to determine when Participant is no longer actively providing services for purposes of this Award of Restricted Stock Units (including whether Participant may still be considered to be providing
services while on a leave of absence and consistent with local law); and (h) unless otherwise provided in the Plan or by the
Administrator in its discretion, the Restricted Stock Units and the benefits evidenced by this Award Agreement do not create any entitlement to have the Restricted Stock Units or any such benefits transferred to, or assumed by, another company nor
be exchanged, cashed out or substituted for, in connection with any corporate transaction affecting the Shares. 12. No Advice
Regarding Grant . The Company is not providing any tax, legal or financial advice, nor is the Company making any recommendations regarding Participant s participation in the Plan, or Participant s acquisition or sale of the Shares
underlying the Restricted Stock Units. Participant is hereby advised to consult with Participant s own personal tax, legal and financial advisers regarding Participant s participation in the Plan before taking any action related to the
Plan. 13. Address for Notices . Any notice to be given to the Company under the terms of this Award Agreement will be addressed to
the Company at MicroVision, Inc., 18390 NE 68 th Street, Redmond, Washington 98052, or at such other address as the Company may hereafter designate in writing. 
 14. Successors and Assigns . The Company may assign any of its rights under this Award Agreement to single or multiple assignees, and
this Award Agreement shall inure to the benefit of the successors and assigns of the Company. Subject to the restrictions on transfer herein set forth, this Award Agreement shall be binding upon Participant and Participant s heirs, executors,
administrators, successors and assigns. The rights and obligations of Participant under this Award Agreement may be assigned only with the prior written consent of the Company. 
 15. Additional Conditions to Issuance of Stock . If at any time the Company will determine, in its discretion, that the listing,
registration, qualification or rule compliance of the Shares upon any securities exchange or under any state, federal or non-U.S. law, the tax code and related regulations or under the rulings or regulations
of the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission or any other governmental regulatory body or the clearance, consent or approval of the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission or any other governmental regulatory authority is necessary or desirable as
a condition to the issuance of Shares to Participant (or Participant s estate) hereunder, such issuance will not occur unless and until such listing, registration, qualification, rule compliance, clearance, consent or approval will have been
completed, effected or obtained free of any conditions not acceptable to the Company. Subject to the terms of the Award Agreement and the Plan, the Company will not be required to issue any certificate or certificates for (or make any entry on the
books of the Company or of a duly authorized transfer agent of the Company of) the Shares hereunder prior to the lapse of such reasonable period of time following the date of vesting of the Restricted Stock Units as the Administrator may establish
from time to time for reasons of administrative convenience. 
 -6- 

16. Interpretation . The Administrator will have the power to interpret the Plan and
this Award Agreement and to adopt such rules for the administration, interpretation and application of the Plan as are consistent therewith and to interpret or revoke any such rules (including, but not limited to, the determination of whether or not
any Restricted Stock Units have vested). All actions taken and all interpretations and determinations made by the Administrator in good faith will be final and binding upon Participant, the Company and all other interested persons. Neither the
Administrator nor any person acting on behalf of the Administrator will be personally liable for any action, determination or interpretation made in good faith with respect to the Plan or this Award Agreement. 
 17. Electronic Delivery and Acceptance . The Company may, in its sole discretion, decide to deliver any documents related to the
Restricted Stock Units awarded under the Plan or future Restricted Stock Units that may be awarded under the Plan by electronic means or require Participant to participate in the Plan by electronic means. Participant hereby consents to receive such
documents by electronic delivery and agrees to participate in the Plan through any on-line or electronic system established and maintained by the Company or a third party designated by the Company. 
 18. Captions . Captions provided herein are for convenience only and are not to serve as a basis for interpretation or construction of
this Award Agreement. 19. Amendment, Suspension or Termination of the Plan . By accepting this Award, Participant expressly
warrants that Participant has received an Award of Restricted Stock Units under the Plan, and has received, read and understood a description of the Plan. Participant understands that the Plan is discretionary in nature and may be amended, suspended
or terminated by the Administrator at any time. 20. Country Addendum . Notwithstanding any provisions in this Award Agreement, the
Restricted Stock Unit grant shall be subject to any special terms and conditions set forth in an appendix (if any) to this Award Agreement for any country whose laws are applicable to Participant and this Award of Restricted Stock Units (as
determined by the Administrator in its sole discretion) (the Country Addendum ). Moreover, if Participant relocates to one of the countries included in the Country Addendum (if any), the special terms and conditions for such
country will apply to Participant, to the extent the Company determines that the application of such terms and conditions is necessary or advisable for legal or administrative reasons. The Country Addendum (if any) constitutes a part of this Award
Agreement. 21. Modifications to the Award Agreement . This Award Agreement constitutes the entire understanding of the parties on
the subjects covered. Participant expressly warrants that Participant is not accepting this Award Agreement in reliance on any promises, representations, or inducements other than those contained herein. Modifications to this Award Agreement can be
made only in an express written contract executed by a duly authorized officer of the Company. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the Plan or this Award Agreement, the Company reserves the right to revise this Award Agreement as it deems
necessary or advisable, in its sole discretion and without the consent of Participant, to comply with Section 409A or to otherwise avoid imposition of any additional tax or income recognition under Section 409A in connection with this
Award of Restricted Stock Units. 
 -7- 

22. No Waiver . Either party s failure to enforce any provision or provisions of
this Award Agreement shall not in any way be construed as a waiver of any such provision or provisions, nor prevent that party from thereafter enforcing each and every other provision of this Award Agreement. The rights granted both parties herein
are cumulative and shall not constitute a waiver of either party s right to assert all other legal remedies available to it under the circumstances. 
 23. Governing Law; Severability . This Award Agreement and the Restricted Stock Units are governed by the internal substantive laws, but
not the choice of law rules, of the State of Delaware. In the event that any provision hereof becomes or is declared by a court of competent jurisdiction to be illegal, unenforceable or void, this Award Agreement shall continue in full force and
effect. 24. Entire Agreement . The Plan is incorporated herein by reference. The Plan and this Award Agreement (including the
exhibits, appendices, and addenda attached to the Notice of Grant) constitute the entire agreement of the parties with respect to the subject matter hereof and supersede in their entirety all prior undertakings and agreements of the Company and
Participant with respect to the subject matter hereof, and may not be modified adversely to Participant s interest except by means of a writing signed by the Company and Participant. 
 
 -8- 

APPENDIX A 
 COUNTRY ADDENDUM TO RESTRICTED STOCK UNIT AGREEMENT 
 Unless otherwise defined herein, capitalized terms used in this Country Addendum to Restricted Stock Unit Agreement (this Country
Addendum will be ascribed the same defined meanings as set forth in the Restricted Stock Unit Agreement of which this Country Addendum forms a part (or the Plan or other written agreement as specified in the Restricted Stock Unit
Agreement). Terms and Conditions 
 This Country Addendum includes additional terms and conditions that govern the Award of Restricted Stock Units granted pursuant to the terms
and conditions of the MicroVision, Inc. 2022 Equity Incentive Plan (the Plan and the Restricted Stock Unit Agreement to which this Country Addendum is attached (the Restricted Stock Unit Agreement to the
extent the individual to whom the Restricted Stock Units were granted Participant resides and/or works in one of the countries listed below. If Participant is a citizen or resident (or is considered as such for local law
purposes) of a country other than the country in which Participant is currently residing and/or working, or if Participant relocates to another country after the Award of Restricted Stock Units is granted, the Company, in its discretion, will
determine to what extent the terms and conditions contained herein will apply to Participant. Notifications 
 This Country Addendum also may include information regarding exchange controls and certain other issues of which Participant should be aware
with respect to Participant s participation in the Plan. The information is based on the securities, exchange control and other Applicable Laws in effect in the respective countries as of [_____]. Such Applicable Laws often are complex and
change frequently. As a result, the Company strongly recommends that Participant not rely on the information in this Country Addendum as the only source of information relating to the consequences of Participant s participation in the Plan
because the information may be out of date at the time Participant vests in or receives or sells the Shares covered by the Restricted Stock Units. 
 In addition, the information contained in this Country Addendum is general in nature and may not apply to Participant s particular
situation, and the Company is not in a position to assure Participant of any particular result. Participant should seek appropriate professional advice as to how the Applicable Laws in Participant s country may apply to Participant s
situation. Finally, if Participant is a citizen or resident of a country other than the one in which Participant currently is residing
and/or working, transfers residence and/or employment to another country after the grant of the Restricted Stock Units, or is considered a resident of another country for local law purposes, the information in this Country Addendum may not apply to
Participant in the same manner. 

I. 
 GLOBAL PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO PARTICIPANTS IN ALL COUNTRIES OTHER THAN THE UNITED STATES
 1. Foreign Exchange Considerations . Participant understands and agrees that neither the Company nor any
Parent, Subsidiary or the Service Recipient shall be liable for any foreign exchange rate fluctuation between Participant s local currency and the U.S. dollar that may affect the value of the Restricted Stock Units, or of any amounts due to
Participant under the Plan or as a result of vesting in their Restricted Stock Units and/or the subsequent sale of any Shares acquired under the Plan. Participant agrees and acknowledges that he or she will bear any and all risk associated with the
exchange or fluctuation of currency associated with their participation in the Plan. Participant acknowledges and agrees that Participant may be responsible for reporting inbound transactions or fund transfers that exceed a certain amount.
Participant is advised to seek appropriate professional advice as to how the exchange control regulations apply to their Restricted Stock Units and Participant s specific situation and understands that the relevant laws and regulations can
change frequently and occasionally on a retroactive basis. 2. Nature of Grant . The following provisions supplement Section 11
of the Restricted Stock Unit Agreement: (a) the Restricted Stock Units and the Shares subject to the Restricted Stock Units are not part
of normal or expected compensation or salary for any purpose; (b) Participant acknowledges and agrees that no Service Recipient shall be
liable for any foreign exchange rate fluctuation between Participant s local currency and the United States Dollar that may affect the value of the Restricted Stock Units or of any amounts due to Participant pursuant to the settlement of the
Restricted Stock Units or the subsequent sale of any Shares acquired upon settlement; and (c) no claim or entitlement to compensation or
damages shall arise from forfeiture of the Restricted Stock Units resulting from the termination of Participant s status as a Service Provider (for any reason whatsoever whether or not later found to be invalid or in breach of employment laws
in the jurisdiction where Participant is a Service Provider or the terms of Participant s employment or service agreement, if any), and in consideration of the grant of the Restricted Stock Units to which Participant is otherwise not
entitled, Participant irrevocably agrees never to institute any claim against any Service Recipient, waives Participant s ability, if any, to bring any such claim, and releases each Service Recipient from any such claim; if,
notwithstanding the foregoing, any such claim is allowed by a court of competent jurisdiction, then, by participating in the Plan, Participant shall be deemed irrevocably to have agreed not to pursue such claim and agrees to execute any and all
documents necessary to request dismissal or withdrawal of such claim. 3. Data Privacy . Participant
hereby acknowledges the collection, use and transfer, in electronic or other form, of Participant s personal data as described in this Award Agreement and any other Restricted Stock Unit
grant materials by and among, as applicable, the Service Recipients for the exclusive purpose of implementing, administering and managing Participant s participation in the Plan. 
 Participant understands that the Company and the Service Recipient may hold certain personal information about Participant, including,
but not limited to, Participant s name, home address and telephone number, date of birth, social insurance number or other identification number, salary, nationality, job title, any Shares or directorships held in the Company, details of all
Restricted Stock Units or any other entitlement to Shares awarded, canceled, exercised, vested, unvested or outstanding in Participant s favor Data ), for the exclusive purpose of implementing, administering and managing the Plan.
 
 -2- 

Participant understands that Data may be transferred to a stock plan service provider,
as may be selected by the Company in the future, assisting the Company with the implementation, administration and management of the Plan. Participant understands that the recipients of the Data may be located in the United States or elsewhere, and
that the recipients country of operation (e.g., the United States) may have different data privacy laws and protections than Participant s country. Participant understands that Participant may request information about sharing,
processing, and storage of Data and may exercise their rights with respect to the Data, which may include the right to terminate sharing, processing, and storage, by contacting Participant s local human resources representative. Participant
authorizes the Company, any stock plan service provider selected by the Company and any other possible recipients which may assist the Company (presently or in the future) with implementing, administering and managing the Plan to receive, possess,
use, retain and transfer the Data, in electronic or other form, for the sole purpose of implementing, administering and managing Participant s participation in the Plan. Participant understands that Data will be held only as long as is
necessary to implement, administer and manage Participant s participation in the Plan. 4. Language . If Participant
has received the Restricted Stock Unit Agreement or any other document related to the Plan translated into a language other than English and if the meaning of the translated version is different than the English version, the English version will
control. [ Country-specific provisions to follow. ] 
 -3- 

</EX-10.9>

<EX-23.1>
 3
 d461483dex231.htm
 EX-23.1

EX-23.1 

Exhibit 23.1 
 Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 We consent to the incorporation by reference in the Registration Statements on Form S-8 (No. 333-265489, No. 333-184701, No. 333-173114, No. 333-163929, No. 333-19011, No. 333-71373, No. 333-42276, No. 333-45534, No. 333-73652, No. 333-89176, No. 333-141458 and No. 333-249418) and on
Form S-3 (No. 333-184703, No. 333-184702, No. 333-182462, No. 333-175419, No. 333 160577, No. 333-228113, and No. 333-253145) of MicroVision, Inc. of our reports dated
March 1, 2023, relating to the consolidated financial statements of MicroVision, Inc. and the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting of MicroVision, Inc. appearing in this Annual Report (Form
 10-K) for the year ended December 31, 2022. /s/ Moss Adams LLP 
 Seattle, WA March 1, 2023 

</EX-23.1>

<EX-31.1>
 4
 d461483dex311.htm
 EX-31.1

EX-31.1 

Exhibit 31.1 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
 RULE 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 I, Sumit Sharma, certify that: 1. I have
reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K for the period ended December 31, 2022 of MicroVision, Inc.; 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to
make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material
respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as
defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules
 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: (a)
Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is
made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; (b) Designed such
internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of
financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of
the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and
 (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the
registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over
financial reporting; and 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of
internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 
 (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are
reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 
 (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s
internal control over financial reporting. Date: March 1, 2023 

/s/ Sumit Sharma 

Sumit Sharma 
 Chief Executive Officer 
 (Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 5
 d461483dex312.htm
 EX-31.2

EX-31.2 

Exhibit 31.2 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
 RULE 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 I, Anubhav Verma, certify that: 1. I have
reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K for the period ended December 31, 2022 of MicroVision, Inc.; 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to
make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material
respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as
defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules
 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: (a)
Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is
made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; (b) Designed such
internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of
financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of
the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and
 (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the
registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over
financial reporting; and 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of
internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 
 (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are
reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 
 (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s
internal control over financial reporting. Date: March 1, 2023 

/s/ Anubhav Verma 

Anubhav Verma 
 Chief Financial Officer 
 (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 6
 d461483dex321.htm
 EX-32.1

EX-32.1 

Exhibit 32.1 
 CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER 
 PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 
 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 In
connection with the Annual Report of MicroVision, Inc. (the Company on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof
(the Report ), I, Sumit Sharma, Chief Executive Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 
 1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (15 U.S.C. 78m or
78o(d)); and 2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of
operations of the Company. Date: March 1, 2023 

/s/ Sumit Sharma 

Sumit Sharma 
 Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 7
 d461483dex322.htm
 EX-32.2

EX-32.2 

Exhibit 32.2 
 CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER 
 PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 
 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 In
connection with the Annual Report of MicroVision, Inc. (the Company on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof
(the Report ), I, Anubhav Verma, Chief Financial Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 
 1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (15 U.S.C. 78m or
78o(d)); and 2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of
operations of the Company. Date: March 1, 2023 

/s/ Anubhav Verma 

Anubhav Verma 
 Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 8
 mvis-20221231.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 10
 mvis-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 11
 mvis-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 12
 mvis-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.PRE>

