<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230331_10-K_edgar_data_1609065_0000950170-23-011185.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>64913430</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>474040</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>3963778</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>36424823</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>6223522</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>15964817</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>10</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0000950170-23-011185.hdr.sgml : 20230331
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230331092900
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0000950170-23-011185
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		176
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230331
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230331

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Pathfinder Bancorp, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001609065
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	STATE COMMERCIAL BANKS [6022]
		IRS NUMBER:				383941859
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			MD
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-36695
		FILM NUMBER:		23783677

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		214 WEST FIRST STREET
		CITY:			OSWEGO
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			13126
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(315) 343-0057

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		214 WEST FIRST STREET
		CITY:			OSWEGO
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			13126

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0000950170-23-011185.txt : 20230331

10-K
 1
 pbhc-20221231.htm
 10-K

10-K 

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 Washington, D.C. 20549 
 FORM 

ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the Fiscal Year Ended 
 OR 

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the transition period from _______ to _______ 
 Commission File No. 

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

(State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) 
 
 (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) 

, 
 Registrant s telephone number, including area code 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 

Title of each class 
 Trading Symbol(s) 
 Name of each exchange on which registered 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: None 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes 
 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company or emerging growth company. See definition of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer , smaller reporting company and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large accelerated filer 

Accelerated filer 

Smaller reporting company 

Emerging growth company 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 
 
 If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 
 If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act). Yes No 
 
 The aggregate market value of the voting and non-voting common equity held by non-affiliates of the Registrant, computed by reference to the last sale price on June 30, 2022, as reported by the NASDAQ Capital Market 19.93), was approximately million. 
 
 As of March 22, 2023, t here were shares outstanding of the Registrant s voting common stock and shares of the Registrant s Series A nonvoting common stock 
 
 DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE: Proxy Statement for the 2023 Annual Meeting of Shareholders of the Registrant (Part III). 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 FORM 10-K ANNUAL REPORT 
 FOR THE YEAR ENDED 
 DECEMBER 31, 2022 
 PATHFINDER BANCORP, INC. 

Page 

PART I 

Item 1. 
 Business 
 
 4 

Item 1A. 
 Risk Factors 
 
 27 

Item 1B. 
 Unresolved Staff Comments 
 
 27 

Item 2. 
 Properties 
 
 28 

Item 3. 
 Legal Proceedings 
 
 29 

Item 4. 
 Mine Safety Disclosure 
 
 29 

PART II 

Item 5. 
 Market for Registrant's Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 
 29 

Item 6. 
 Reserved 
 
 29 

Item 7. 
 Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 
 30 

Item 7A. 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 
 60 

Item 8. 
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 
 61 

Item 9. 
 Changes In and Disagreements With Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 
 130 

Item 9A 
 Controls and Procedures 
 
 130 

Item 9B. 
 Other Information 
 
 131 

Item 9C. 
 Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 
 131 

PART III 

Item 10. 
 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 
 131 

Item 11. 
 Executive Compensation 
 
 131 

Item 12. 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 
 132 

Item 13. 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 
 132 

Item 14. 
 Principal Accounting Fees and Services 
 
 132 

PART IV 

Item 15. 
 Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 
 
 133 

Item 16. 
 Form 10-K Summary 
 
 135 

- 2 - 

PART I 
 Forward-Looking Statements 
 This Annual Report on Form 10-K contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933 Securities Act and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 Exchange Act ), which can be identified by the use of words such as estimate, project, believe, intend, anticipate, plan, seek, expect or words of similar meaning, or future or conditional verbs, such as will, would, should, could, or may. A forward-looking statement is neither a prediction nor a guarantee of future events. These forward-looking statements include, but are not limited to: 
 statements of our goals, intentions and expectations; 

statements regarding our business plans, prospects, growth and operating strategies; 

statements regarding the quality of our loan and investment portfolios; and 

estimates of our risks and future costs and benefits. 

These forward-looking statements are based on current beliefs and expectations of our management and are inherently subject to significant business, economic and competitive uncertainties and contingencies, many of which are beyond our control. In addition, these forward-looking statements are subject to assumptions with respect to future business strategies and decisions that are subject to change. 
 
 The following factors, among others, could cause actual results to differ materially from the anticipated results or other expectations expressed in the forward-looking statements: 
 general economic conditions, either nationally or in our market area, that are worse than expected; 

competition within our market area that is stronger than expected; 

changes in the level and direction of loan delinquencies and charge-offs and changes in estimates of the adequacy of the allowance for loan losses; 

our ability to access cost-effective funding; 

fluctuations in real estate values and both residential and commercial real estate market conditions; 

demand for loans and deposits in our market area; 

our ability to continue to implement our business strategies; 

competition among depository and other financial institutions; 

inflation and changes in market interest rates that reduce our margins and yields, reduce the fair value of financial instruments or reduce our volume of loan originations, or increase the level of defaults, losses and prepayments on loans we have made and make, whether held in portfolio or sold in the secondary market; 

adverse changes in the securities markets; 

changes in laws or government regulations or policies affecting financial institutions, including changes in regulatory fees and capital requirements; 

our ability to manage market risk, credit risk and operational risk; 

our ability to enter new markets successfully and capitalize on growth opportunities; 

the imposition of tariffs or other domestic or international governmental polices impacting the value of the products of our borrowers; 

changes in consumer spending, borrowing and savings habits; 

our ability to maintain our reputation; 

our ability to prevent or mitigate fraudulent activity; 

changes in accounting policies and practices, as may be adopted by the bank regulatory agencies, the Financial Accounting Standards Board, the Securities and Exchange Commission or the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board; 

our ability to retain key employees and our existing customers; 

- 3 - 

a breach in security of our information systems, including the occurrence of a cyber incident or a deficiency in cyber security; 

risks that COVID-19 may adversely impact our customers and lead to continued labor shortages and supply chain disruptions causing a severe disruption in the U.S. economy, and could potentially create business continuity issues for us; 

political instability or civil unrest; 

our ability to evaluate the amount and timing of recognition of future tax assets and liabilities; 

our compensation expense associated with equity benefits allocated or awarded to our employees; and 

changes in the financial condition, results of operations or future prospects of issuers of securities that we own. 

Because of these and other uncertainties, our actual future results may be materially different from the results indicated by these forward-looking statements. We disclaim any obligation to revise or update any forward-looking statements contained in this Annual Report on Form 10-K to reflect future events or developments. 
 ITEM 1: BUSINESS 
 GENERAL 
 Pathfinder Bancorp, Inc. 
 Pathfinder Bancorp, Inc. (the Company is a Maryland corporation incorporated in 2014 and headquartered in Oswego, New York. The primary business of the Company is its investment in Pathfinder Bank (the Bank which is 100 owned by the Company. The Company is subject to supervision and regulation by the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System (the Federal Reserve Board ). Pathfinder Bank is a commercial bank chartered by the New York State Department of Financial Services (the NYSDFS ). 
 The Company owns a non-consolidated Delaware statutory trust subsidiary, Pathfinder Statutory Trust II, of which 100 of the common equity is owned by the Company. Pathfinder Statutory Trust II was formed in connection with the issuance of 5.2 million in trust preferred securities. 
 At December 31, 2022 and 2021, 6,032,112 and 5,983,467 shares of Company common stock (voting and non-voting) were outstanding, respectively. 
 Following shareholder approval obtained on June 4, 2021, the Company converted 1,380,283, or 100 , of its previously-outstanding shares of Series B Convertible Perpetual Preferred Stock to an equal number of newly-created Series A Non-Voting Common Stock. Neither the previously-issued Series B Convertible Perpetual Preferred Stock, nor the newly-issued Series A Non-Voting Common Stock had, or will have, dividend or liquidation preference over the Company s existing Voting Common Stock. Holders of the new Series A Non-Voting Common Stock will be entitled to receive dividends, if and when declared by the Company s Board of Directors, in the same per share amount as paid on the Company s Voting Common Stock. 
 At December 31, 2022, the Company had total consolidated assets of 1.40 billion, total deposits of 1.13 billion and shareholders' equity of 111.0 million plus a noncontrolling interest of 585,000, which represents the 49 of the FitzGibbons Agency, LLC not owned by the Company. 
 The Company's executive office is located at 214 West First Street, Oswego, New York and the telephone number at that address is (315) 343-0057. Its internet address is www.pathfinderbank.com . Information on our website is not and should not be considered to be a part of this report. 
 Pathfinder Bank 
 The Bank is a New York-chartered commercial bank and its deposit accounts are insured up to applicable limits by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation FDIC through the Deposit Insurance Fund DIF ). The Bank is subject to extensive regulation by the NYSDFS, as its chartering agency, and by the FDIC, as its deposit insurer and primary federal regulator. The Bank is a member of the Federal Home Loan Bank of New York FHLBNY and is also subject to certain regulations by the Federal Home Loan Bank System. 
 The Bank is primarily engaged in the business of attracting deposits from the general public in the Bank's market area, and investing such deposits, together with other sources of funds, in loans secured by commercial and residential real estate, and commercial business and consumer assets other than real estate. In addition, the Bank originates unsecured small business and consumer loans. The Bank also invests a portion of its assets in a broad range of debt securities issued by the United States Government and its agencies and sponsored enterprises, state and municipal governments and agencies, and corporations. The Company also invests in mortgage backed securities issued or guaranteed by United States Government sponsored enterprises, collateralized mortgage obligations and similar debt 
 - 4 - 

securities issued by both government sponsored entities and private (non-governmental) issuers, and asset-backed securities that are generally issued by private entities. The Company invests primarily in debt securities but will, within certain regulatory limits, invest from time to time in mutual funds and equity securities. The Bank's principal sources of funds are deposits, principal and interest payments on loans and investments, as well as borrowings from correspondent financial institutions. The principal source of the Company s income is interest on loans and investment securities. The Bank's principal expenses are interest paid on deposits and borrowed funds, employee compensation and benefits, data processing and facilities. 
 The Bank also owns 100 of Whispering Oaks Development Corp. Whispering Oaks ), a New York corporation that is retained to operate or develop real estate-related projects. Whispering Oaks, through a wholly-owned second-tier subsidiary, is the sole limited partner in an unconsolidated special-purpose real estate management partnership. The partnership currently operates a low-income residential housing facility. The activities of Whispering Oaks, which included the sale of real property, resulted in a pre-tax gain of 111,000 in 2022. 
 Additionally, the Bank owns 100 of Pathfinder Risk Management Company, Inc., PRMC which was established to record the 51 controlling interest upon the December 2013 purchase of the FitzGibbons Agency, an Oswego County property, casualty and life insurance brokerage business with approximately 1.1 million in annual revenues. The activities of PRMC resulted in pre-tax income of 207,000 in 2022. The Company s 51 controlling interest in this entity resulted in income of 106,000 for the Company on a consolidated basis in 2022. 
 MARKET AREA AND COMPETITION 
 Market Area 
 We provide financial services to individuals, families, small to mid-size businesses and municipalities through our seven branch offices located in Oswego County, NY, four branch offices located in Onondaga County, NY and one limited purpose office located in Oneida County, NY. Our primary lending market area includes both Oswego and Onondaga Counties. However, our primary deposit generating area is concentrated in Oswego County and in the areas surrounding our Onondaga County branches. 
 The economies of Oswego County and Onondaga County are based primarily on manufacturing, energy production, heath care, education, and government. In addition to financial services, the broader Central New York market has a more diverse array of economic sectors, including food processing production and transportation. The region has more recently also developed particular strength in the commercialization of certain emerging technologies such as bio-processing, medical devices, aircraft systems and renewable energy. 
 Based on recent independent market survey reports, median home values were 204,700 in Onondaga County and 132,400 in Oswego County at the end of 2022. Home values have shown only modest increases in recent years within the Syracuse, NY metro area, including Onondaga and Oswego Counties. This modest increase in home values within the area followed a period in which home values within the area exhibited relative stability compared to many other areas of the country during the most recent economic recession that began in 2008. 
 Competition 
 Pathfinder Bank encounters strong competition both in attracting deposits and in originating real estate and other loans. Our most direct competition for deposits and loans comes from commercial banks, savings institutions and credit unions in our market area, including money-center banks such as JPMorgan Chase Co. and Bank of America, regional banks such as M T Bank and Key Bank N. A., and community banks such as NBT Bank and Community Bank N.A., all of which have substantially greater total assets than we do. Local credit unions, some of which also have more assets than the Company, are particularly strong competitors for consumer deposits and consumer loans. In addition, potential new competitors may be emerging that are generically defined as financial technology (also referred to as FinTech or fintech companies. These entities seek to employ new technology and various forms of innovation in order to compete with traditional methods of delivering financial services . The advanced use of smartphones for mobile banking , automated investing services and cryptocurrency are examples of such technologies. Financial technology companies consist of both well-capitalized startup entities, divisions of established financial institutions and/or established technology companies. These entities seek to replace or supplement the financial services provided by established financial service entities, such as the Company. Many established financial institutions are now implementing, or planning to implement, various forms of fintech solutions and technologies in order to broaden their product and service offerings and/or to gain improved competitive positions in this emerging marketplace. Some of these technologies either have been implemented to varying degrees by the Bank, or will be available to the Bank for future implementation through its network of service providers and computer system vendors. It cannot be predicted with certainty at this time how effective these new competitors will be in our marketplace or what costs the Company will incur in the future to implement and maintain competitive technologies. 
 Our primary focus is to build and develop profitable consumer and commercial customer relationships while maintaining our role as a community bank. We compete for deposits by offering depositors a high level of personal service, a wide range of competitively-priced 
 - 5 - 

financial services, and a well distributed network of branches, ATMs, and electronic banking. We compete for loans through our competitive pricing, our experienced and active loan officers, local knowledge of our market and local decision making, strong community support and involvement, and a highly reputable brand. Notwithstanding the significant but temporary economic dislocations associated with the COVID-19 pandemic in 2020 and 2021, overall economic activity in the local marketplace and, more specifically, demand for commercial and residential loans grew significantly over the past decade. This growth in overall loan demand in our market area also attracted increased competition from financial institutions for those loans. Additionally, from a competitive perspective, some of our competitors offer products and services that we do not offer, such as trust services and private banking. 
 As of June 30, 2022, based on the most recently-available FDIC data, we had the largest market share in Oswego County, representing 48.7 of all deposits, and we additionally held 2.0 of all deposits in Onondaga County. In addition, when combining both Oswego and Onondaga Counties, we have the fifth largest market share of fifteen institutions, representing 7.7 of the total market. 
 LENDING ACTIVITIES 
 General 
 Our primary lending activities are originating commercial real estate and commercial loans, the vast majority of which have periodically adjustable rates of interest, and one-to-four family residential real estate loans, the majority of which have fixed rates of interest. Our loan portfolio also includes municipal loans, home equity loans and lines and consumer loans. In order to diversify our loan portfolio, increase our revenues, and make our loan portfolio less interest rate sensitive, the Company has actively sought to increase its commercial real estate and commercial business lending activities, consistent with safe and sound underwriting practices. Accordingly, we offer adjustable-rate commercial mortgage loans and floating rate commercial loans and lines of credit. 
 Commercial Real Estate Loans 
 Over the past several years, we have focused on originating commercial real estate loans, and we believe that commercial real estate loans will continue to provide growth opportunities for us. We expect to increase, subject to our underwriting standards and market conditions, this business line in the future with a target loan size of 500,000 to 2.0 million to small businesses and real estate projects in our market area. Commercial real estate loans are secured by properties such as multi-family residential, office, retail, warehouse and owner-occupied commercial properties. 
 Our commercial real estate underwriting policies provide that such real estate loans are typically made in amounts up to 80 of the appraised value of the property. Commercial real estate loans are offered with interest rates that are generally fixed for up to three or five years then are adjustable based on the FHLBNY advance rate. Contractual maturities generally do not exceed 20 years. In reaching a decision whether to make a commercial real estate loan, we consider market conditions, operating trends, net cash flows of the property, the borrower s expertise and credit history, and the appraised value of the underlying property. We will also consider the terms and conditions of the leases and the stability of the tenant base. We generally require that the properties securing these real estate loans have debt service coverage ratios (the ratio of earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization divided by interest expense and current maturities of long term debt) of at least 120 . Environmental due diligence is generally conducted for commercial real estate loans. Typically, commercial real estate loans made to corporations, partnerships and other business entities require personal guarantees by the owners of 20 or more of the borrowing entity. 
 A commercial real estate borrower s financial condition is monitored on an ongoing basis by requiring current financial statements, rent rolls, payment history reviews, property inspections and periodic face-to-face meetings with the borrower. We generally require borrowers with aggregate outstanding balances exceeding 100,000 to provide annual updated financial statements and/or federal tax returns. These requirements also apply to all guarantors on these loans. 
 Loans secured by commercial real estate generally have greater credit risk than one-to-four family residential real estate loans. The increased credit risk associated with commercial real estate loans is a result of several factors, including larger loan balances concentrated with a limited number of borrowers, the impact of local and general economic conditions on the borrower s ability to repay the loan. Furthermore, the repayment of loans secured by commercial real estate properties typically depends upon the successful operation of the real property securing the loan. If the cash flows from the property are reduced, the borrower s ability to repay the loan may be impaired. However, commercial real estate loans generally have higher interest rates than loans secured by one-to-four family residential real estate. 
 Commercial Loans 
 We typically originate commercial loans, including commercial term loans and commercial lines of credit, on the basis of a borrower s ability to make repayment from the cash flows of the borrower s business, conversion of current assets in the normal course of business 
 - 6 - 

(for seasonal working capital lines), the industry and market in which they operate, experience and stability of the borrower s management team, earnings projections and the underlying assumptions, and the value and marketability of any collateral securing the loan. As a result, the availability of funds for the repayment of commercial loans and commercial lines of credit is substantially dependent on the success of the business itself and the general economic environment in our market area. Therefore, commercial loans and commercial lines of credit that we originate have greater credit risk than one-to-four family residential real estate loans. 
 Commercial term loans are typically secured by equipment, furniture and fixtures, inventory, accounts receivable or other business assets, or, in some circumstances, such loans may be unsecured. From time to time, we also originate commercial loans that are guaranteed by the United States Small Business Administration SBA or United States Department of Agriculture USDA loan programs. Over the past several years, we have focused on increasing our commercial lending and our business strategy is to continue to increase our originations of commercial loans to small businesses in our market area, subject to our underwriting standards and market conditions. Our commercial loans are generally comprised of adjustable-rate loans, indexed to the prime rate, with terms consisting of three to seven years, depending on the needs of the borrower and the useful life of the underlying collateral. We make commercial loans to businesses operating in our market area for purchasing equipment, property improvements, business expansion or working capital. If a commercial loan is secured by equipment, the maturity of a term loan will depend on the useful life of the equipment purchased, the source of repayment for the loan and the purpose of the loan. We generally obtain personal guarantees on our commercial loans. 
 The Bank also participated in the Paycheck Protection Program PPP ), a specialized low-interest loan program funded by the U.S. Treasury Department and administered by the U.S. Small Business Administration SBA pursuant to the CARES Act and subsequent legislation. PPP loans had an interest rate of 1.0 and a two-year or five-year loan term to maturity. The SBA guaranteed 100 of the PPP loans made to eligible borrowers. The entire principal amount of the borrower s PPP loan, including any accrued interest, was eligible to be reduced by the loan forgiveness amount under the PPP so long as employee and compensation levels of the business are maintained and the loan proceeds are used for qualifying expenses. The Paycheck Protection Program ended in May 2021. Through that date, the Bank received approval from the SBA for 1,177 loans totaling approximately 111.7 million through this program. As of this filing, the Company has submitted forgiveness applications for all of its originated loans and has five PPP loans remaining within its portfolios. Gross revenues recognized from PPP loan activities were 707,000 and 2.2 million in the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The Bank held 203,000 in outstanding PPP loans in portfolio at December 31, 2022 and anticipates that all activities related to the PPP will be completed in the first quarter of 2023. 
 Our commercial lines of credit are typically adjustable rate lines, indexed to the prime interest rate. Generally, our commercial lines of credit are secured by business assets or other collateral, and generally payable on-demand pursuant to an annual review. Since the commercial lines of credit may expire without being drawn upon, the total committed amounts do not necessarily represent future cash requirements. 
 Residential Real Estate Loans 
 As noted above, we have shifted our primary lending focus in recent years towards originating more commercial real estate and commercial loans. However, we have retained our significant presence in the local marketplace for lending activities concentrated on originating one-to-four family, owner-occupied residential mortgage loans. Substantially all of these loans are secured by properties located in our market area. 
 We currently offer one-to-four family residential real estate loans with terms up to 30 years that are generally underwritten according to Federal National Mortgage Association Fannie Mae guidelines, and we refer to loans that conform to such guidelines as conforming loans. We generally originate both fixed-rate and adjustable-rate mortgage loans in amounts up to the maximum conforming loan limits as established by the Federal Housing Finance Agency, which as of December 31, 2022, was generally 647,200 for single-family homes in our market area. 
 Conforming loans are generally saleable at management s discretion, we hold our one-to-four family residential real estate loans in our portfolio but do sell mortgages into the secondary market, at management s discretion, as a source of liquidity or as a means of managing liquidity and interest-rate risks. Such loan sales were conducted on a limited basis in 2022 and to a substantially more significant degree in 2021. The decrease in residential mortgage sales in 2022, as compared to the previous year, was directly related to significant overall decreases in the volume of 20- and 30-year mortgage loans originated by the Bank in 2022. This decrease in originated volume was primarily due to decreased customer demand for mortgage loans resulting from significant increases in mortgage interest rates. A significant portion of our retained loan portfolio consists of fixed-rate one-to-four family residential real estate loans with terms in excess of 15 years. We also originate one-to-four family residential real estate loans secured by non-owner occupied properties. However, we generally do not make loans in excess of 80 loan-to-value on non-owner occupied properties. 
 For most owner-occupied one-to-four family residential real estate loans with loan-to-value ratios of between 80 and 95 , we require the borrower to obtain private mortgage insurance PMI ). Our lending policies limit the maximum loan-to-value ratio on both 
 - 7 - 

fixed-rate and adjustable-rate owner-occupied mortgage loans to 80 of the appraised value of the collateralized property, with the exception of a limited use product which allows for loans up to 90 with no PMI. For first mortgage loan products, we require the borrower to obtain title insurance. We also require homeowners insurance, fire and casualty, and, if necessary, flood insurance on properties securing real estate loans. We do not, and have never offered or invested in, one-to-four family residential real estate loans specifically designed for borrowers with sub-prime credit scores, including interest-only, negative amortization or payment option adjustable-rate mortgage loans. 
 Our fixed-rate one-to-four family residential real estate loans include loans that generally amortize on a monthly basis over periods between 10 to 30 years. Fixed-rate one-to-four family residential real estate loans often remain outstanding for significantly shorter periods than their contractual terms because borrowers have the right to refinance or prepay their loans. 
 Our adjustable-rate one-to-four family residential real estate loans generally consist of loans with initial interest rates fixed for one, three, or five years, and annual adjustments thereafter are indexed based on changes in the one-year United States Treasury bill constant maturity rate. Our adjustable-rate mortgage loans generally have an interest rate adjustment limit of 200 basis points per adjustment, with a maximum lifetime interest rate adjustment limit of 600 basis points. Although adjustable-rate one-to-four family residential real estate loans may reduce, to an extent, our vulnerability to changes in market interest rates because they periodically re-price, as interest rates increase the required payments due from a borrower also increase (subject to rate caps), thereby increasing the potential for default by the borrower. At the same time, the ability of the borrower to repay the loan and the marketability of the underlying collateral may be adversely affected by higher interest rates. Upward adjustments of the contractual interest rate are also limited by our maximum periodic and lifetime rate adjustments. 
 Residential Construction Loans 
 Our one-to-four family residential real estate loan portfolio also includes residential constructions loans. Our residential construction loans generally have initial terms of up to six months, subject to extension, during which the borrower pays interest only. Upon completion of construction, these loans typically convert to permanent loans secured by the completed residential real estate. Our construction loans generally have rates and terms comparable to residential real estate loans that we originate. 
 Tax-exempt Loans 
 We make loans to local governments and municipalities for either tax anticipation or for small expenditure projects, including equipment acquisitions and construction projects. Our municipal loans are generally fixed for a term of one year or less, and are generally unsecured. Interest earned on municipal loans is tax exempt for federal tax purposes, which enhances the overall yield on each loan. Generally, the municipality will have a deposit relationship with us along with the lending relationship. 
 We also make tax-exempt loans to commercial borrowers based on obligations issued by a state or local authority to provide economic development such as the state dormitory authority. 
 Home Equity Loans and Junior Liens 
 Home equity loans and junior liens are made up of lines of credit secured by owner-occupied and non-owner occupied one-to-four family residences and second and third real estate mortgage loans. Home equity loans and home equity lines of credit are generally underwritten using the same criteria that we use to underwrite one-to-four family residential mortgage loans. We typically originate home equity loans and home equity lines of credit on the basis of the applicant's credit history, an assessment of the applicant's ability to meet existing obligations and payments on the proposed loan, and the value of the collateral securing the loan. Home equity loans are offered with fixed interest rates. Lines of credit are offered with adjustable rates, which are indexed to the prime rate, and with a draw period of up to 10 years and a payback period of up to 20 years. The loan-to-value ratio for our home equity loans is generally limited to 80 when combined with the first security lien, if applicable. The loan to value of our home equity lines of credit is generally limited to 80 , unless the Bank holds the first mortgage. If we hold the first mortgage, we will permit a loan to value of up to 90 , and we adjust the interest rate and underwriting standards to compensate for the additional risk. 
 For all first lien position mortgage loans, we use outside independent appraisers. For second position mortgage loans where we also hold the existing first mortgage, we will use the lesser of the existing appraisal amount used in underwriting the first mortgage or assessed value. For all other second mortgage loans, we will use a third-party service which gathers all data from real property tax offices and gives the property a low, middle and high value, together with similar properties for comparison. The middle value from the third-party service will be the value used in underwriting the loan. If the valuation method for the loan amount requested does not provide a value, or the value is not sufficient to support the loan request and it is determined that the borrower(s) are credit worthy, a full appraisal may be ordered. 
 - 8 - 

Home equity loans and junior liens secured by junior mortgages have greater risk than one-to-four family residential mortgage loans secured by first mortgages. We face the risk that the collateral will be insufficient to compensate us for loan losses and costs of foreclosure, after repayment of the senior mortgages, if applicable. When customers default on their loans, we attempt to work out the relationship in order to avoid foreclosure because the value of the collateral may not be sufficient to compensate us for the amount of the unpaid loan and we may be unsuccessful in recovering the remaining balance from those customers. Moreover, decreases in real estate values could adversely affect our ability to fully recover the loan balance in the event of a default. 
 Consumer Loans 
 We are authorized to make loans for a variety of personal and consumer purposes and our consumer loan portfolio consists primarily of automobile, recreational vehicles and unsecured personal loans, as well as unsecured lines of credit and loans secured by deposit accounts. Our procedure for underwriting consumer loans includes an assessment of the applicant s credit history and ability to meet existing obligations and payments for the proposed loan, as well as an evaluation of the value of the collateral security, if any. 
 Consumer loans generally entail greater credit-related risk than one-to-four family residential mortgage loans, particularly in the case of loans that are unsecured or are secured by assets that tend to depreciate in value, such as automobiles. As a result, consumer loan collections are primarily dependent on the borrower s continuing financial stability and thus are more likely to be adversely affected by job loss, divorce, illness or personal bankruptcy. In these cases, repossessed collateral for a defaulted consumer loan may not provide an adequate source of repayment for the outstanding loan, and the remaining value often does not warrant further substantial collection efforts against the borrower. 
 The Company will invest from time to time in pools of collateralized consumer loans originated and serviced by financial institutions operating outside of the Company s primary market area. Third party-originated consumer loan pools are generally acquired primarily when, in the view of management, they offer superior risk vs. return characteristics to debt securities. Such pools will, in some instances, have projected economic advantages in terms of yield and/or other portfolio characteristics, such as interest rate risk sensitivity, superior to debt securities that would otherwise be purchased and are acquired to increase the overall performance characteristics of the Company s interest earning-asset portfolios viewed as a whole. Loans acquired through these transactions are required by the Company s internal policies to be underwritten to standards that are consistent with those of the Company s own underwriting guidelines and internal practices. Pre-purchase due diligence is performed that includes a thorough review of the originating institution s regulatory compliance procedures, underwriting practices and individual loan documentation. Since these pools are subject to borrower credit default and are collateralized by out-of-market assets, the Company relies on the best efforts of the originating institution, acting as the loans servicer, to collect on the loans within the pool and to mitigate losses due to such defaults. Such mitigation efforts include the orderly and timely liquidation of loan collateral, as necessary. Accordingly, such loan pools have both the credit risk typically associated with consumer loans and servicer risk components that are carefully monitored by the Company on an ongoing basis. 
 Loan Originations, Purchases, Sales and Servicing 
 We benefit from a number of sources for our loan originations, including real estate broker referrals, existing customers, borrowers, builders, attorneys, and walk-in customers. Our loan origination activity may be affected adversely by a rising interest rate environment which may result in decreased loan demand. Other factors, such as the overall health of the local economy and competition from other financial institutions, can also impact our loan originations. Although we originate both fixed-rate and adjustable-rate loans, our ability to generate each type of loan depends upon borrower demand, market interest rates, borrower preference for fixed-rate versus adjustable-rate loans, and the interest rates offered on each type of loan by other lenders in our market area. These lenders include commercial banks, savings institutions, credit unions, and mortgage banking companies that also actively compete for local real estate loans. Accordingly, the volume of loan originations may vary from period to period. 
 The majority of the fixed rate residential loans that are originated each year meet the underwriting guidelines established by Fannie Mae. While infrequent, in the past, we have sold residential mortgage loans in the secondary market, and we may do so in the future, although we continue to service loans once they are sold. 
 From time to time, although infrequent, we may purchase commercial real estate loan participations in which we are not the lead lender. In these circumstances, we follow our customary loan underwriting and approval policies. We also have participated out portions of commercial and commercial real estate loans that exceeded our loans-to-one borrower legal lending limit and for purposes of risk diversification. 
 In recent years, the Bank has purchased broadly-diversified pools of essentially homogenous loans from originators outside of the Bank s market area. These originators generally specialize in loan types, such as consumer loans, other than those loan types that the Bank specializes in. These loans, which are generally relatively short in duration, are acquired to provide supplementary interest income as well as to provide improvements to the Bank s overall asset/liability mix, particularly with respect to interest rate risk. Third 
 - 9 - 

party-originated loan pools are acquired primarily when, in the view of management, they offer superior risk vs. return characteristics to debt securities. Such loans are generally acquired through the facilitation of third-party brokerages and are serviced in perpetuity by the originating entries or their designees. Funding for loan purchases of this type is generally obtained through incremental usage of brokered deposits and/or other forms of borrowed funds. The Bank intends to purchase similar pools of loans on an occasional basis in the future if and when management believes that it is economically advantageous to do so. 
 At December 31, 2022 the Bank held fifteen pools of loans originated by eleven unaffiliated third-party lenders with an aggregate amortized historical cost of 115.2 million. Of this total, 94.9 million in aggregate amortized historical cost relates to six loan pools acquired either in the fourth quarter of 2020 or during 2021, 19.9 million in aggregate amortized historical cost relates to seven loan pools acquired in 2019, and 400,000 in aggregate amortized historical cost relates to two loan pools acquired prior to 2019. Purchased loans have certain credit risk profiles distinct from those of the Bank s self-originated portfolio, most especially the portion of the purchased loans that are classified as unsecured consumer loans. At December 31, 2022, the Bank held 32.0 million (three pools), 4.2 million (three pools), 6.0 million (one pool), and 3.9 million (one pool), in purchased pooled loans secured by consumer installment contracts, automobiles, home equity lines of credit and residential real estate, respectively. The Bank also held 26.4 million (two pools) in purchased secured commercial lines of credit. In addition, the Bank held 40.6 million (four pools) in purchased unsecured consumer loans and 2.1 million (one pool) in commercial installment loans at December 31, 2022. The loans within these pools have performed substantially as anticipated since their acquisition dates and, in many cases, have contractually-specified credit enhancement provisions provided by the Sellers that continue to reduce the Bank s realized and potential credit exposures with respect to these loan pools. Nonperforming and delinquent loans within these loan pools are reported on an aggregate basis as components of the Bank s overall loan performance statistics at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively. 
 
 The purchased pools of loans were subject to prepurchase analyses led by a team of the Bank s senior executives and credit analysts. In each case, the Bank s analytical processes considered the types of loans being evaluated, the underwriting criteria employed by the originating entity, the historical performance of such loans, especially in the most recent deeply recessionary environments, the collateral enhancements and other credit loss mitigation factors offered by the seller and the capabilities and financial stability of the servicing entities involved. In the view of management, from a credit risk perspective, these loan pools also benefit from broad diversification, including wide geographic dispersion, the readily-verifiable historical performance of similar loans issued by the originators, as well as the overall experience and skill of the underwriters and servicing entities involved as counterparties to the Bank in these transactions. In addition, these loan pools generally have significant underlying loan collateral and/or one or more of the following forms of credit enhancement: (1) contractual rights of loan substitution in the event of individual loan defaults, (2) retention of a portion of the principal amount of each loan by the seller, or (3) contractually-specified credit enhancement reserves accumulated from the collected cash flows generated by borrowers repayment activities in excess of those cash flows due to the Bank. Management believes that the substantial level of diversification within these loan pools and the presence of other mitigation factors, specific to each of the acquired pools in varying degrees, provides significant overall reduction of the potential credit risks inherent in these purchases. The performance of all purchased loan pools are monitored regularly from detailed reports and remittance reconciliations provided at least monthly by the servicing entities. 
 Loan Approval Procedures and Authority 
 The Bank s lending activities follow written, non-discriminatory underwriting standards and loan origination procedures established by management and the Board of Directors. Our policies are designed to provide loan officers with guidelines on acceptable levels of risk, given a broad range of factors. The loan approval process is intended to assess the borrower s ability to repay the loan, the viability of the loan and the adequacy of the value of the collateral that will secure the loan, if applicable. 
 The Board of Directors grants loan officers individual lending authority to approve extensions of credit. The level of authority for loan officers varies based upon the loan type, total relationship, form of collateral and risk rating of the borrower. Each loan officer is charged with the responsibility of achieving high credit standards. Individual lending authority can be increased, suspended or removed by the Board of Directors, as recommended by the President or Executive Vice President and Chief Banking Officer. 
 If a loan is in excess of any individual loan officer s lending authority, the extension of credit must be referred to the Officer Loan Committee OLC ). The OLC is comprised of the President (serving as chairman), the Executive Vice President and Chief Banking Officer (serving as chair in the absence of the President), the Executive Vice President, Chief Operating Officer, as well as other members of the management team and retail and commercial lenders as may be appointed by the President. The OLC has authority to approve all commercial loans, and one-to-four family residential real estate loans where the total related credit is 1.2 million or less which are not within the lenders individual authority. In addition, the OLC may approve all municipal loans, where the total related credit is 2.5 million or less, and the individual loan amount is 2.5 million or less for rated municipal loans, and 1.5 million for unrated credits. The OLC has the authority to approve all consumer loans where the total related credit is 2.5 million or less and the individual loan amount is 200,000 for unsecured loans or 750,000 for secured loans. The Directors Loan Committee, which consists of members of the Bank s Board of Directors, must approve all extensions of credit in excess of the limits for the OLC and lenders' individual authority. 
 - 10 - 

Loans to One Borrower 
 Under New York law, New York commercial banks are subject to loans-to-one borrower limits, which are substantially similar as those applicable to national banks, which generally restrict loans to one borrower to an amount equal to 15 of unimpaired capital and unimpaired surplus, which was 22.4 million at December 31, 202 2 , on an unsecured basis, and an additional amount equal to 10 of unimpaired capital and unimpaired surplus, which was 14.9 million at December 31, 202 2 , if the loan is secured by readily marketable collateral (generally, financial instruments and bullion, but not real estate), subject to exceptions. 
 
 Additionally, our internal loan policies limit the total related credit to be extended to any one borrower (after application of the rules of attribution), with respect to any and all loans with the Bank to 10 of Tier 1 and 2 capital, subject to certain exceptions. The indebtedness includes all credit exposure whether direct or contingent, used or unused. 
 
 ASSET QUALITY 
 Loan Delinquencies and Collection Procedures 
 When a loan becomes delinquent, we make attempts to contact the borrower to determine the cause of the delayed payments and seek a solution to permit the loan to be brought current within a reasonable period of time. The outcome can vary with each individual borrower. In the case of mortgage loans and consumer loans, a late notice is sent 15 days after an account becomes delinquent. If delinquency persists, notices are sent at the 30 day delinquency mark, the 45 day delinquency mark and the 60 day delinquency mark. We also attempt to establish telephone contact with the borrower early on in the process. In the case of residential mortgage loans, included in every late notice is a letter that includes information regarding home-ownership counseling. As part of a workout agreement, we will accept partial payments during the month in order to bring the account current. If attempts to reach an agreement are unsuccessful and the customer is unable to comply with the terms of the workout agreement, we will review the account to determine if foreclosure is warranted, in which case, consistent with New York law, we send a 90 day notice of foreclosure and then a 30 day notice before legal proceedings are commenced. A consumer final demand letter is sent in the case of a consumer loan. In the case of commercial loans and commercial mortgage loans, we follow a similar notification practice with the exception of the previously mentioned information on home-ownership counseling. In addition, commercial loans do not require 90 day notices of foreclosure. Generally, commercial borrowers only receive 10 day notices before legal proceedings can be commenced. Commercial loans may experience longer workout times that may trigger a need for a loan modification that could meet the requirements of a troubled debt restructured loan. 
 Impaired Loans, Non-performing Loans and Troubled Debt Restructurings 
 The policy of the Bank is to provide a continuous assessment of the quality of its loan portfolio through the maintenance of an internal and external loan review process. The process incorporates a loan risk grading system designed to recognize degrees of risk on individual commercial and mortgage loans in the portfolio. Management is responsible for monitoring of asset quality and risk grade designations, which are communicated to the board on a regular basis. 
 We generally cease accruing interest on our loans when contractual payments of principal or interest have become 90 days past due or management has serious doubts about further collectability of principal or interest, even though the loan is currently performing. A loan may remain on accrual status if it is in the process of collection and is either guaranteed or well secured. When a loan is placed on non-accrual status, unpaid interest credited to income is reversed. Interest received on non-accrual loans generally is applied against principal or interest if it is recognized on the cash basis method. Generally, loans are restored to accrual status when the obligation is brought current, has performed in accordance with the contractual terms for a reasonable period of time, generally for a minimum of six months, and the ultimate collectability of the total contractual principal and interest is no longer in doubt. 
 Our Allowance for Loan and Lease Losses policy ALLL establishes criteria for selecting loans to be measured for impairment based on the following: 
 Residential and Consumer Loans: 
 All loans rated substandard or worse, on nonaccrual, and above our total related credit TRC threshold balance of 300,000. 

All Troubled Debt Restructured Loans 

Commercial Lines and Loans, Commercial Real Estate and Tax-exempt loans: 
 All loans rated substandard or worse, on nonaccrual, and above our TRC threshold balance of 100,000. 

All Troubled Debt Restructured Loans 

- 11 - 

Impairment is measured by determining the present value of expected future cash flows or, for collateral-dependent loans, the fair value of the collateral adjusted for market conditions and selling expenses as compared to the loan carrying value. 
 Troubled Debt Restructurings TDR 
 TDRs are loan restructurings in which we, for economic or legal reasons related to an existing borrower s financial difficulties, grant a concession to the debtor that we would not otherwise consider. Typically, a troubled debt restructuring involves a modification of terms of debt, such as reduction of the stated interest rate for the remaining original life of the debt, extension of the maturity date at a stated interest rate lower than the current market rate for new debt with similar risk, reduction of the face amount of the debt, or reduction of accrued interest. We consider modifications only after analyzing the borrower s current repayment capacity, evaluating the strength of any guarantors based on documented current financial information, and assessing the current value of any collateral pledged. These modifications are made only when there is a reasonable and attainable workout plan that has been agreed to by the borrower and that is in our best interests. 
 Loans on non-accrual status at the date of modification are initially classified as non-accrual troubled debt restructurings. Our policy provides that troubled debt restructured loans are returned to accrual status after a period of satisfactory and reasonable future payment performance under the terms of the restructuring. Satisfactory payment performance is generally no less than six consecutive months of timely payments and demonstrated ability to continue to repay. 
 Foreclosed real estate 
 Fair values for foreclosed real estate are initially recorded based on market value evaluations by third parties, less costs to sell initial cost basis ). Any write-downs required when the related loan receivable is exchanged for the underlying real estate collateral at the time of transfer to foreclosed real estate are charged to the allowance for loan losses. Values are derived from appraisals of underlying collateral or discounted cash flow analysis. Subsequent to foreclosure, valuations are updated periodically and assets are marked to current fair value, not to exceed the initial cost basis. In the determination of fair value subsequent to foreclosure, management also considers other factors or recent developments, such as, changes in absorption rates and market conditions from the time of valuation, and anticipated sales values considering management s plans for disposition. Either change could result in adjustment to lower the property value estimates indicated in the appraisals. 
 Loan delinquencies together with properties within our Foreclosed Real Estate portfolio are reviewed monthly by the Board of Directors. 
 Classified Assets 
 Federal regulations provide for the classification of loans and other assets, such as debt and equity securities considered by the FDIC to be of lesser quality, as substandard, doubtful or loss. An asset is considered substandard if it is inadequately protected by the current net worth and paying capacity of the obligor or of the collateral pledged, if any. Substandard assets include those characterized by the distinct possibility that the insured institution will sustain some loss if the deficiencies are not corrected. Assets classified as doubtful have all of the weaknesses inherent in those classified substandard, with the added characteristic that the weaknesses present make collection or liquidation in full, on the basis of currently existing facts, conditions, and values, highly questionable and improbable. Assets classified as loss are those considered uncollectible and of such little value that their continuance as assets without the establishment of a specific allowance for loan losses is not warranted. Assets that do not currently expose the insured institution to sufficient risk to warrant classification in one of the aforementioned categories but possess weaknesses are designated as special mention by our management. 
 When an insured institution classifies problem assets as either substandard or doubtful, it may establish general allowances in an amount deemed prudent by management to cover losses that are both probable and reasonable to estimate. General allowances represent allowances which have been established to cover accrued losses associated with lending activities that are both probable and reasonable to estimate, but which, unlike specific allowances, have not been allocated to particular problem assets. When an insured institution classifies problem assets as loss, it is required either to establish a specific allowance for losses equal to 100 of that portion of the asset so classified or to charge-off such amount. An institution s determination as to the classification of its assets and the amount of its valuation allowances is subject to review by the regulatory authorities, which may require the establishment of additional general or specific allowances. 
 In connection with the filing of our periodic regulatory reports and in accordance with our classification of assets policy, we continuously assess the quality of our loan portfolio and we regularly review the loans in our loan portfolio to determine whether any loans require classification in accordance with applicable regulations. Loans are listed on the watch list initially because of emerging financial weaknesses even though the loan is currently performing in accordance with its terms, or delinquency status, or if the loan possesses weaknesses although currently performing. Management reviews the status of our loan portfolio delinquencies, by loan types, with the full Board of Directors on a monthly basis. Individual classified loan relationships are discussed as warranted. If a loan deteriorates in 
 - 12 - 

asset quality, the classification is changed to special mention, substandard, doubtful or loss depending on the circumstances and the evaluation. Generally, loans 90 days or more past due are placed on nonaccrual status and classified substandard. 
 We also employ a risk grading system for our loans to help assure that we are not taking unnecessary and/or unmanageable risk. The primary objective of the loan risk grading system is to establish a method of assessing credit risk to further enable management to measure loan portfolio quality and the adequacy of the allowance for loan losses. Further, we contract with an external loan review firm to complete a credit risk assessment of the loan portfolio on a regular basis to help determine the current level and direction of our credit risk. The external loan review firm communicates the results of their findings to the Directors Loan Committee in writing and by periodically attending the Directors Loan Committee meetings. Any material issues discovered in an external loan review are also communicated immediately to the President of the Bank. See Note 5 to the consolidated financial statements for further details on the Company s credit quality indicators that define our risk grading system. 
 Allowance for Loan Losses 
 The allowance for loan losses represents management s estimate of losses inherent in the loan portfolio as of the date of the statement of condition and it is recorded as a reduction of loans. The allowance for loan losses is maintained at a level considered adequate to provide for losses that can be reasonably anticipated. Management performs a quarterly evaluation of the adequacy of the allowance. The allowance is increased by the provision for loan losses, and decreased by charge-offs, net of recoveries. Loans deemed to be uncollectible are charged against the allowance for loan losses, and subsequent recoveries, if any, are credited to the allowance. All or part of the principal balance of loans receivable are charged off to the allowance as soon as it is determined that the repayment of all or part of the principal balance is highly unlikely. Non-residential consumer loans are generally charged off no later than 120 days past due on a contractual basis, unless productive collection efforts are providing results. Consumer loans may be charged off earlier in the event of bankruptcy, or if there is an amount that is deemed uncollectible. No portion of the allowance for loan losses is restricted to any individual loan type and the entire allowance is available to absorb any and all loan losses. 
 The allowance is based on three major components which are: (i) specific components for impaired loans, (ii) recent historical losses and several qualitative factors applied to a general pool of loans, and (iii) an unallocated component. 
 The first component is the specific allowance that relates to loans that are classified as impaired. For these loans, an allowance is established when the discounted cash flows or collateral value of the impaired loan are lower than the carrying value of the loan. A loan is considered impaired when, based on current information and events, it is probable that we will be unable to collect the scheduled payments of principal or interest when due according to the contractual terms of the loan agreement. Impairment is measured by either the present value of the expected future cash flows discounted at the loan s effective interest rate or the fair value of the underlying collateral if the loan is collateral dependent. The majority of our loans utilize the fair value of the underlying collateral. Factors considered by management in determining impairment include payment status, collateral value and the probability of collecting scheduled principal and interest payments when due. Loans that experience insignificant payment delays and payment shortfalls generally are not classified as impaired. Management determines the significance of payment delays and shortfalls on a case-by case basis, taking into consideration all of the circumstances surrounding the loan and the borrower, including the length and reason for the delay, the borrower s prior payment record and the amount of shortfall in relation to what is owed. 
 The second component is the general allowance which covers pools of loans, by loan class, not considered impaired, smaller balance homogenous loans, such as residential real estate, home equity and other consumer loans. These pools of loans are evaluated for loss exposure based on historical loss rates for each of these categories of loans. The ratio of net charge-offs to loans outstanding within each loan class over the most recent eight quarters, lagged by one quarter, is used to generate the historical loss rates. 
 In addition, qualitative factors are added to the historical loss rates in arriving at the total allowance for loan losses needed for this general pool of loans. The qualitative factors include changes in national and local economic trends, the rate of growth in the portfolio, trends of delinquencies and nonaccrual balances, changes in loan policy, and changes in lending management experience and related staffing. Each factor is assigned a value to reflect improving, stable or declining conditions based on management s best judgment using relevant information available at the time of the evaluation. These qualitative factors, applied to each product class, make the evaluation inherently subjective, as it requires material estimates that may be susceptible to significant revision as more information becomes available. 
 The third component may consist of an unallocated allowance which is maintained to cover uncertainties that could affect management s estimate of probable losses. The unallocated component of the allowance, when present, reflects an additional margin for potential imprecision inherent in the underlying assumptions used in the methodologies for estimating specific and general losses in the portfolio. This component would typically be appropriate in times of significant economic dislocations or uncertainties in either, or both, the local and national economies. The unallocated allowance generally comprises less than 10 of the total allowance for loan losses and can be as little as 0 of total allowance. 
 - 13 - 

When a loan is determined to be impaired, we will reevaluate the collateral which secures the loan. For real estate loans, we will obtain a new appraisal or broker s opinion, whichever is considered to provide the most accurate value in the event of sale. An evaluation of equipment held as collateral will be obtained from an independent firm able to provide such an evaluation. Collateral will be inspected not less than annually for all impaired loans and will be reevaluated not less than every two years. Appraised values are discounted to arrive at the estimated selling price of the collateral, which is considered to be the estimated fair value. The discounts also include estimated costs to sell the property. For commercial and industrial loans secured by non-real estate collateral, such as accounts receivable, inventory and equipment, estimated fair values are determined based on the borrower s financial statements, inventory reports, accounts receivable agings or equipment appraisals or invoices. Indications of value from these sources are generally discounted based on the age of the financial information or the quality of the assets. 
 Large groups of homogeneous loans, including purchased loans, are evaluated for impairment in the aggregate. Accordingly, we do not separately identify individual residential mortgage loans with outstanding principal balances less than 300,000, home equity and other consumer loans for impairment disclosures. We make exceptions to this general rule when such loans are (1) rated substandard or worse, on nonaccrual status and are related to borrowers with total related credit exposure in excess of our threshold balance of 300,000; or (2) the loans are subject to a troubled debt restructuring agreement. The projected credit losses related to purchased loan pools are evaluated prior to purchase and the performance of those loans against expectations are analyzed at least monthly. Over the life of the purchased loan pools, the allowance for loan losses is adjusted, through the provision for loan losses, for expected loss experience, over the projected life of the loans. The expected credit loss experience is determined at the time of purchase and is modified, to the extent necessary, during the life of the purchased loan pools. The Bank does not initially increase the allowance for loan losses on the purchase date of the loan pools. 
 In addition, the FDIC and NYSDFS, as an integral part of their examination process, periodically review our allowance for loan losses and may require us to recognize additions to the allowance based on their judgments about information available to them at the time of their examination, which may not be currently available to management. Based on management s comprehensive analysis of the loan portfolio, we believe the current level of the allowance for loan losses is adequate. 
 INVESTMENT AND HEDGING ACTIVITIES 
 Our investment policy is established by the Board of Directors. Our investment policy dictates that investment decisions will be made based on the safety of the investment, liquidity requirements, potential returns, cash flow targets, and consistency with our interest rate risk management objectives. The Asset Liability Management Committee (the ALCO of the Board of Directors acts in the capacity of an investment committee and is responsible for overseeing our investment program and evaluating on an ongoing basis our investment policy and objectives. Our President, Chief Operating Officer and Chief Financial Officer have the authority to purchase and sell securities within specific guidelines established by the investment policy. All transactions are reviewed by the Board of Directors at its regular meetings. 
 The general objectives of the investment securities portfolio are to assist in the overall interest rate risk management of the Bank, while generating a reasonable rate of return consistent with the risk of purchased principal, provide a source of liquidity, and reduce our overall credit risk profile. We also purchase securities to provide necessary liquidity for day-to-day operations and when investable funds exceed loan demand, as well as to provide highly liquid assets under collateralization arrangements related to municipal deposits. The effect that the proposed security purchase would have on our overall credit and interest rate risk profile and our risk-based equity ratios is also considered in evaluating the timing, mix and characteristics of investment security purchases. 
 All investment securities purchased/held must meet regulatory guidelines and be permissible bank investments. Our investment securities include a broad range of debt securities issued by the United States Government and its agencies and sponsored enterprises, state and municipal governments and agencies, and corporations. The Company also invests in mortgage backed securities issued or guaranteed by United States Government sponsored enterprises, collateralized mortgage obligations and similar debt securities issued by both government sponsored entities and private (non-governmental) issuers, and asset-backed securities that are generally issued by private entities. The Company invests primarily in debt securities but will from time to time also invest, within certain regulatory limits, in mutual funds and equity securities. 
 All securities purchased are classified at the time of purchase as either held-to-maturity or available-for-sale. We do not maintain a trading account. Securities purchased with the intent and ability to hold until maturity will be classified as held-to-maturity. Securities placed in the held-to-maturity category will be accounted for at amortized cost. 
 Securities that do not qualify or are not categorized as held-to-maturity are classified as available-for-sale. This classification includes securities that may be sold in response to changes in interest rates, the security's prepayment risk, liquidity needs, the availability of and the yield on alternative investments, and funding sources and terms. These securities are reported at fair value, which is determined on 
 - 14 - 

a monthly basis. Unrealized gains and losses are reported as a separate component of capital, net of tax. The aggregate change in value of the portfolio is reported to the Board of Directors monthly. 
 The composition of the investment portfolio is substantially the same for securities classified as both held-to-maturity and available-for-sale, although the portion of the securities portfolio classified as available-for-sale generally has a higher concentration of shorter-term, and/or more liquid assets. Such securities are held as part of the Bank s liquidity management programs. The Bank holds a significant portion of its investment securities in mortgage-backed securities and collateralized mortgage obligations (many, but not all of which are issued by government-sponsored enterprises) and direct federal government and federal agency obligations. Federal agency issuers include the Federal Farm Credit Bank, Federal Home Loan Bank, Federal National Mortgage Association Fannie Mae ), Federal Home Loan Mortgage Corporation Freddie Mac and the Government National Mortgage Association Ginnie Mae ), among others. For a discussion on mortgage backed securities, see Mortgage-Backed Securities and Collateralized Mortgage Obligations. 
 As part of our membership in the FHLBNY, we are required to maintain a dividend-earning investment in FHLBNY stock. This investment is classified separately from securities due to significant restrictions on sale or transfer of the stock. For further information regarding our securities portfolio, see Note 4 to the consolidated financial statements. 
 MORTGAGE-BACKED SECURITIES AND COLLATERALIZED MORTGAGE OBLIGATIONS 
 We purchase mortgage-backed securities and collateralized mortgage obligations guaranteed by Fannie Mae, Freddie Mac and Ginnie Mae. In recent years, the Bank has also increased the level of its investments in mortgage-backed securities and collateralized mortgage obligations issued by private entities. These securities are generally senior tranches, and most often the most senior tranche of multi-class issuances that provide substantial credit enhancements to their senior tranches and therefore reasonable, but not absolute, protection for the Bank from the risks of default. We invest in mortgage-backed securities and collateralized mortgage obligations to achieve positive interest rate spreads with minimal administrative expense, and to lower our credit risk through geographic diversification. These securities are generally relatively short in duration and therefore reduce the Bank s sensitivity to changes in interest rates. All privately issued mortgage-backed securities held by the Bank at December 31, 2022 were either rated at or above the lowest investment grade for credit quality by a nationally-recognized statistical rating organization (a NRSRO or were the most senior tranches of securitizations that were not rated by a NRSRO at the time of the securities issuance. We regularly monitor the credit quality of this portfolio. At December 31, 2022, no securities held by the Bank in this category had been downgraded by a NRSRO. 
 Mortgage-backed securities and collateralized mortgage obligations are created by pooling mortgages and issuing a security with an interest rate which is less than the interest rate on the underlying mortgages. These securities typically represent a participation interest in a pool of single- or multi-family mortgages and certain types of commercial real estate loans, although we generally focus our investments on mortgage related securities backed by one-to-four family real estate loans. The issuers of such securities pool and resell the participation interests in the form of securities to investors such as the Bank, and in the case of government agency sponsored issues, guarantee the payment of principal and interest to investors. Mortgage-backed securities and collateralized mortgage obligations generally yield less than the loans that underlie such securities because of the cost of payment guarantees, if any, and credit enhancements. These securities, which are most often fixed-rate, are usually substantially more liquid than individual mortgage loans. 
 Investments in collateralized mortgage obligations involve a risk that actual prepayments may differ from estimated prepayments over the life of the security, which may require adjustments to the amortization of any premium or accretion of any discount relating to such instruments, thereby changing the net yield on such securities. There is also reinvestment risk associated with the cash flows from such securities or if such securities are redeemed by the issuer. In addition, the market value of such securities may be adversely affected in a rising interest rate environment, particularly since vast majority our collateralized mortgage obligations have a fixed rate of interest. The relatively short weighted average remaining life of our collateralized mortgage obligation portfolio mitigates our potential risk of loss in a rising interest rate environment. 
 ASSET-BACKED SECURITIES 
 We also purchase asset-backed securities issued by private entities. These securities typically represent a participation interest in a pool of non-mortgage loans. Asset-backed securities are created by pooling homogenous non-mortgage loans (such as unsecured consumer loans) and issuing a security with an interest rate which is less than the interest rate on the underlying loan notes. The issuers of such securities pool and resell the participation interests in the form of securities to investors such as the Bank. Asset-backed securities generally yield less than the loans that underlie such securities because of the cost of credit enhancements. These securities, which may be fixed or adjustable-rate are usually substantially more liquid than individual loans. 
 
 The securities of the type the Bank typically invests in are collateralized by consumer loans or commercial business trade receivables and are generally senior tranches of multi-class issuances. These tranches are offered with substantial credit enhancements and therefore reasonable, but not absolute, protection for the Company from the risks of default. We invest in asset-backed securities to achieve positive interest rate spreads with minimal administrative expense, and to lower our credit risk through geographical and asset-type 
 - 15 - 

diversification. These securities are generally relatively short in duration and therefore reduce the Bank s sensitivity to changes in interest rates. All asset-backed securities held by the Bank at December 31, 2022 were either rated at or above the lowest investment grade for credit quality by a NRSRO or were the most senior tranches of securitizations that were not rated by a NRSRO at the time of the securities issuance. We regularly monitor the underlying credit quality of this portfolio. At December 31, 2022, no securities held by the Bank in this category had been downgraded by a NRSRO. 
 SOURCES OF FUNDS 
 General 
 Deposits have traditionally been our primary source of funds for use in lending and investment activities. We also rely on advances from the FHLBNY, the Certificates of Deposit Account Registry Service CDARS provided by an independent third-party, IntraFi Network, and other deposits acquired through unaffiliated third-party financial institutions as forms of brokered deposits. In addition to deposits and borrowings, we derive funds from scheduled loan payments, investment maturities, loan prepayments, retained earnings and income on interest-earning assets. While scheduled loan payments and income on interest-earning assets are relatively stable sources of funds, deposit inflows and outflows can vary widely and are influenced by prevailing market interest rates, economic conditions and competition from other financial institutions. 
 Deposits 
 A majority of our depositors are persons or businesses who work, reside or operate in Oswego and Onondaga Counties. We offer a variety of deposits, including checking, savings, money market deposit accounts, and certificates of deposit. Deposit account terms vary, with the principal differences being the minimum balance required, the amount of time the funds must remain on deposit and the interest rate. We establish interest rates, maturity terms, service fees and withdrawal penalties on a periodic basis. Management determines the rates and terms based on rates paid by competitors, our need for funds or liquidity, overall growth goals and federal and state regulations. The flow of deposits is influenced significantly by general economic conditions, changes in interest rates and competition. The variety of deposit accounts that we offer allows us to be competitive in generating deposits and to respond with flexibility to changes in our customers demands. We believe that deposits are a stable source of funds, but our ability to attract and maintain deposits at favorable rates will be affected by market conditions, including competition and prevailing interest rates. In addition, the Bank holds municipal deposits, which have been a more seasonally volatile source of funds. 
 The CDARS program is a form of a brokered deposit facility in which we have been a participant since 2009. In addition to offering depositors enhanced FDIC insurance coverage, being a participant in CDARS allows us to fund our balance sheet through the CDARS One-Way Buy program. This program uses a competitive bid process for available deposits, up to a varying amount that was approximately 50 million at any one weekly bidding session as of December 31, 2022, at specified terms. These deposits work well for us because of their weekly availability, coupled with their short term duration, which allows us to more closely mirror our funding needs. We believe this arrangement is a viable source of funding provided that we maintain our well-capitalized status. See Note 11 to the consolidated financial statements for further details on our brokered deposits. 
 In addition, from time to time, the Bank will acquire larger blocks of brokered deposits, outside of the CDARS program, that are obtained from unaffiliated third-party financial institutions. These brokered deposits generally have longer maturity dates than the CDARS deposits, can be acquired in more substantial block size, and generally have issuance rates similar to the CDARS program. 
 
 Brokered deposits are employed by the Bank s management to supplement the funding that the Bank obtains from customer deposits and other borrowings, principally from the FHLBNY, and are used to increase the overall efficiency of the Bank s funding mix. Management intends to continue to use brokered deposits in the future as an integral part of its overall funding strategies. 
 
 - 16 - 

Borrowings 
 The Bank has a number of existing credit facilities available to it. At December 31, 2022, the Bank had existing lines of credit at FHLBNY, the Federal Reserve Bank FRB ), and two other correspondent banks. We obtain advances primarily from the FHLBNY utilizing the common stock we own in the FHLBNY, qualifying residential mortgage loans held in portfolio, and certain investment securities as collateral provided certain standards related to creditworthiness are met. These advances are made pursuant to several credit programs, each of which has its own interest rate and range of maturities. FHLBNY advances are generally available to meet seasonal and other withdrawals of deposit accounts and to permit increased lending. 
 Subordinated Debt 
 The Company has a non-consolidated subsidiary trust, Pathfinder Statutory Trust II, of which the Company owns 100 of the common equity. The Trust issued 5,000,000 of 30-year floating rate Company-obligated pooled capital securities of Pathfinder Statutory Trust II Floating-Rate Debentures ). The Company borrowed the proceeds of the capital securities from its subsidiary by issuing floating rate junior subordinated deferrable interest debentures having substantially similar terms. The capital securities mature in 2037 and are treated as Tier 1 capital by the FDIC and the Federal Reserve. The capital securities of the trust are a pooled trust preferred fund of Preferred Term Securities VI, Ltd., with interest rates that reset quarterly, and are indexed to the 3-month London Interbank Offered Rate LIBOR) plus 1.65 . These securities have a five-year call provision. The Company guarantees all of these securities . 
 The United Kingdom s Financial Conduct Authority FCA ), the organization responsible for regulating LIBOR, ceased publishing LIBOR indices at the end of 2021. The Alternative Reference Rates Committee (the ARRC ), formed by the Federal Reserve Board and the Federal Reserve Bank of New York, had been charged with developing an alternative rate that replaced LIBOR in the United States (U.S. dollar-denominated LIBOR). The ARRC identified the Secured Overnight Financing Rate SOFR as the rate that represents best practice for use in U.S. dollar-denominated LIBOR derivatives and other financial contracts. Accordingly, SOFR has currently replaced LIBOR in the substantial majority of contracts in which LIBOR was used. Management has analyzed the Company s aggregate exposure to instruments that are indexed to LIBOR (including the Company s acquired loan participations, fixed-income investments, hedging instruments and the Floating-Rate debt) and concluded that the adoption of SOFR will not materially impact the Company or the results of its operations. 
 The Company's equity interest in the trust subsidiary is included in other assets on the Consolidated Statements of Financial Condition at December 31, 2022 and 2021. For regulatory reporting purposes, the Federal Reserve Board has indicated that the preferred securities will continue to qualify as Tier 1 Capital subject to previously specified limitations, until further notice. If regulators make a determination that Trust Preferred Securities can no longer be considered in regulatory capital, the securities become callable and the Company may redeem them. 
 On April 1, 2021 the Company redeemed its then currently-outstanding 10.0 million non-amortizing subordinated debt that was originally scheduled to mature on October 1, 2025. The Company had the right to prepay the Subordinated Debt at any time after October 15, 2020 without penalty. The terms of the Subordinated Debt required fixed interest payments at an annual interest rate of 6.25 after February 29, 2016 until the Loan s scheduled maturity date. In the first quarter of 2021, the Company exercised its existing contractual option and issued a Notice of Redemption NOR to the holders of the 2015 Subordinated Debt, which was scheduled to mature on October 1, 2025. With the issuance of this NOR, the Company redeemed the 10.0 million 2015 Subordinated Debt, plus accrued interest on April 1, 2021. The redemption of this 10.0 million component of the Company s outstanding subordinated debt prospectively reduced interest expense after April 1, 2021 by 625,000 annually. Interest expense, related to this borrowing, of -0- and 156,000 was recorded in the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 On October 14, 2020, the Company executed a private placement of 25.0 million of its 5.50 Fixed to Floating Rate non-amortizing Subordinated Debt (the 2020 Subordinated Debt to certain qualified institutional buyers and accredited institutional investors. The 2020 Subordinated Debt has a maturity date of October 15, 2030 and initially bear interest, payable semi-annually, at a fixed annual rate of 5.50 per annum until October 15, 2025. Commencing on that date, the interest rate applicable to the outstanding principal amount due will be reset quarterly to an interest rate per annum equal to the then current three month SOFR plus 532 basis points, payable quarterly until maturity. The Company may redeem the 2020 Subordinated Debt at par, in whole or in part, at its option, any time after October 15, 2025 (the first redemption date). The 2020 Subordinated Debt is senior in the Company s credit repayment hierarchy only to the Company s common equity and, and any future senior indebtedness and is intended to qualify as Tier 2 capital for regulatory capital purposes for the Company. The Company paid 783,000 in origination and legal fees as part of this transaction. These fees will be amortized over the life of the 2020 Subordinated Debt through its first redemption date using the effective interest method, giving rise to an effective cost of funds of 6.22 from the issuance date calculated under this method. Accordingly, interest expense related to this transaction of 1.6 million and 1.5 million was recorded in the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 - 17 - 

SUPERVISION AND REGULATION 
 General 
 Pathfinder Bank is a New York-chartered commercial bank and the Company is a Maryland corporation and a registered bank holding company. The Bank s deposits are insured up to applicable limits by the FDIC. The Bank is subject to extensive regulation by NYSDFS, as its chartering agency, and by the FDIC, its primary federal regulator and deposit insurer. The Bank is required to file reports with, and is periodically examined by, the FDIC and the NYSDFS concerning its activities and financial condition and must obtain regulatory approvals prior to entering into certain transactions, including, but not limited to, mergers with or acquisitions of other financial institutions. As a registered bank holding company, the Company is regulated by the Federal Reserve Board. 
 The regulatory and supervisory structure establishes a comprehensive framework of activities in which an institution can engage and is intended primarily for the protection of depositors and the deposit insurance funds, rather than for the protection of shareholders and creditors. The regulatory structure also gives the regulatory authorities extensive discretion in connection with their supervisory and enforcement activities and examination policies, including policies concerning the establishment of deposit insurance assessment fees, classification of assets and establishment of adequate loan loss reserves for regulatory purposes. Any change in such regulatory requirements and policies, whether by the New York State legislature, the NYSDFS, the FDIC, the Federal Reserve Board or the United States Congress, could have a material adverse impact on the financial condition and results of operations of the Company and the Bank. 
 Set forth below is a summary of certain material statutory and regulatory requirements applicable to the Company and the Bank. The summary is not intended to be a complete description of such statutes and regulations and their effects on the Company and the Bank. 
 The Dodd-Frank Act 
 The Dodd-Frank Act significantly changed bank regulation and has affected the lending, investment, trading and operating activities of depository institutions and their holding companies. The Dodd-Frank Act created the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau with extensive powers to supervise and enforce consumer protection laws. The Consumer Financial Protection Bureau has broad rule-making authority for a wide range of consumer protection laws that apply to all banks and savings institutions, including the authority to prohibit unfair, deceptive or abusive acts and practices. Banks and savings institutions with 10 billion or less in assets, such as Pathfinder Bank, continue to be examined by their applicable federal bank regulators. The Dodd-Frank Act also gave state attorneys general the ability to enforce applicable federal consumer protection laws. 
 The Economic Growth, Regulatory Relief and Consumer Protection Act of 2018 (the EGRRCPA 
 On May 24, 2018, the EGRRCPA was enacted, which repealed or modified certain provisions of the Dodd-Frank Act and eased regulations on all financial institutions with the exception of the largest banks. The EGRRCPA s provisions include, among other items: (i) exempting banks with less than 10 billion in assets from the ability-to-repay requirements for certain qualified residential mortgage loans held in portfolio; (ii) not requiring appraisals for certain transactions valued at less than 400,000 in rural areas; (iii) exempting banks that originate fewer than 500 open-end and 500 closed-end mortgages from HMDA s expanded data disclosures; (iv) clarifying that, subject to various conditions, reciprocal deposits of another depository institution obtained using a deposit broker through a deposit placement network for purposes of obtaining maximum deposit insurance would not be considered brokered deposits subject to the FDIC s brokered-deposit regulations; (v) raising eligibility for the 18-month exam cycle from 1 billion to banks with 3 billion in assets; and (vi) simplifying capital calculations by requiring regulators to establish for institutions under 10 billion in assets a community bank leverage ratio at a percentage not less than 8 and not greater than 10 ; that such institutions may elect to replace the general applicable risk-based capital requirements for determining well-capitalized status. In addition, the law required the Federal Reserve Board to raise the asset threshold under its Small Bank Holding Company Policy Statement from 1 billion to 3 billion for bank or savings and loan holding companies that are exempt from consolidated capital requirements, provided that such companies meet certain other conditions such as not engaging in significant nonbanking activities. 
 New York Bank Regulation 
 Pathfinder Bank derives its lending, investment, branching and other authority primarily from the applicable provisions of New York State Banking Law and the regulations of the NYSDFS, as limited by federal laws and regulations. Under these laws and regulations, commercial banks, including Pathfinder Bank, may invest in real estate mortgages, consumer and commercial loans, certain types of debt securities, including certain corporate debt securities and obligations of federal, state and local governments and agencies, certain types of corporate equity securities and certain other assets. Under the statutory authority for investing in equity securities, a bank may invest up to 2 of its assets or 20 of its capital, whichever is less in exchange-registered corporate stock. Investment in the stock of a single corporation is limited to the lesser of 1 of the bank s assets or 15 of the Bank s capital. The Bank s authority to invest in equity securities is constrained by federal law, as explained later. Such equity securities must meet certain earnings ratios and other tests of financial performance. A bank may also exercise trust powers upon approval of the NYSDFS. Pathfinder Bank does not presently have trust powers. 
 - 18 - 

New York State chartered banks may also invest in subsidiaries. A bank may use this power to invest in corporations that engage in various activities authorized for banks, plus any additional activities that may be authorized by the NYSDFS. 
 Furthermore, New York banking regulations impose requirements on loans which a bank may make to its executive officers and directors and to certain corporations or partnerships in which such persons have equity interests. These requirements include that (i) certain loans must be approved in advance by a majority of the entire Board of Directors and the interested party must abstain from participating directly or indirectly in voting on such loan, (ii) the loan must be on terms that are not more favorable than those offered to unaffiliated third parties, and (iii) the loan must not involve more than a normal risk of repayment or present other unfavorable features. 
 Under the New York State Banking Law, the Superintendent may issue an order to a New York State chartered banking institution to appear and explain an apparent violation of law, to discontinue unauthorized or unsafe practices and to keep prescribed books and accounts. Upon a finding by the NYSDFS that any director, trustee or officer of any banking organization has violated any law, or has continued unauthorized or unsafe practices in conducting the business of the banking organization after having been notified by the Superintendent to discontinue such practices, such director, trustee or officer may be removed from office after notice and an opportunity to be heard. The Bank does not know of any past or current practice, condition or violation that may lead to any proceeding by the Superintendent or the NYSDFS against the Bank or any of its directors or officers. 
 New York State Community Reinvestment Regulation 
 Pathfinder Bank is also subject to provisions of the New York State Banking Law which imposes continuing and affirmative obligations upon banking institutions organized in New York State to serve the credit needs of its local community NYCRA which are substantially similar to those imposed by the Federal Community Reinvestment Act CRA ). Pursuant to the NYCRA, a bank must file copies of all federal CRA reports with the NYSDFS. The NYCRA requires the NYSDFS to make a written assessment of a bank s compliance with the NYCRA every 24 to 36 months, utilizing a four-tiered rating system and make such assessment available to the public. The NYCRA also requires the Superintendent to consider a bank s NYCRA rating when reviewing a bank s application to engage in certain transactions, including mergers, asset purchases and the establishment of branch offices or automated teller machines, and provides that such assessment may serve as a basis for the denial of any such application. Pathfinder Bank s NYCRA most recent rating, dated September 30, 2021, was satisfactory. 
 Federal Regulations 
 Capital Requirements. Federal regulations require federally insured depository institutions to meet several minimum capital standards: a common equity Tier 1 capital to risk-based assets ratio of 4.5 , a Tier 1 capital to risk-based assets ratio of 6.0 , a total capital to risk-based assets of 8.0 , and a 4.0 Tier 1 capital to total assets leverage ratio. 
 In determining the amount of risk-weighted assets for purposes of calculating risk-based capital ratios, all assets, including certain off-balance sheet assets (e.g., recourse obligations, direct credit substitutes, residual interests) are multiplied by a risk weight factor assigned by the regulations based on the risks believed inherent in the type of asset. Higher levels of capital are required for asset categories believed to present greater risk. Common equity Tier 1 capital is generally defined as common stockholders equity and retained earnings. Tier 1 capital is generally defined as common equity Tier 1 and additional Tier 1 capital. Additional Tier 1 capital includes certain noncumulative perpetual preferred stock and related surplus and minority interests in equity accounts of consolidated subsidiaries. Total capital includes Tier 1 capital (common equity Tier 1 capital plus additional Tier 1 capital) and Tier 2 capital. Tier 2 capital is comprised of capital instruments and related surplus, meeting specified requirements, and may include cumulative preferred stock and long-term perpetual preferred stock, mandatory convertible securities, intermediate preferred stock and subordinated debt. Also included in Tier 2 capital is the allowance for loan and lease losses limited to a maximum of 1.25 of risk-weighted assets and, for institutions that have exercised an opt-out election regarding the treatment of Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income, up to 45 of net unrealized gains on available-for-sale equity securities with readily determinable fair market values. Pathfinder Bank exercised the opt-out election. Calculation of all types of regulatory capital is subject to deductions and adjustments specified in the regulations. In assessing an institution s capital adequacy, regulators take into consideration, not only these numeric factors, but qualitative factors as well, and has the authority to establish higher capital requirements for individual institutions when and where deemed necessary. 
 In addition to establishing the minimum regulatory capital requirements, the regulations limit capital distributions and certain discretionary bonus payments to management personnel if the institution does not hold a capital conservation buffer consisting of 2.5 of common equity Tier 1 capital to risk-weighted assets above the amount necessary to meet its minimum risk-based capital requirements. Notwithstanding the foregoing, pursuant to the EGRRCPA, the FDIC finalized a rule that established a community bank leverage ratio CBLR ). The CBLR (Tier 1 capital to average consolidated assets) was established at 9 for institutions under 10 billion in assets and such institutions may elect to utilize the CBLR threshold level of capital in lieu of the generally-applicable risk-based capital requirements under Basel III. Such institutions that meet the CBLR threshold and certain other qualifying criteria will automatically be deemed to be well-capitalized. The new rule took effect on January 1, 2020. Pursuant to the CARES Act, the federal banking agencies issued final rules to set the Community Bank Leverage Ratio at 8 beginning in the second quarter of 2020 through 
 - 19 - 

the end of 2020. Beginning in 2021, the Community Bank Leverage Ratio increased to 8.5 for the calendar year. On January 1, 2022, the Community Bank Leverage Ratio requirement returned to 9 . A financial institution can elect to be subject to this new definition. The Bank did not elect to become subject to the Community Bank Leverage Ratio. 
 Standards for Safety and Soundness. As required by statute, the federal banking agencies have adopted final regulations and Interagency Guidelines Establishing Standards for Safety and Soundness to implement safety and soundness standards. The guidelines set forth the safety and soundness standards that the federal banking agencies use to identify and address problems at insured depository institutions before capital becomes impaired. The guidelines address internal controls and information systems, internal audit systems, credit underwriting, loan documentation, interest rate exposure, asset growth, asset quality, earnings, compensation, fees and benefits and, more recently, safeguarding customer information. If the appropriate federal banking agency determines that an institution fails to meet any standard prescribed by the guidelines, the agency may require the institution to submit to the agency an acceptable plan to achieve compliance with the standard. 
 Business and Investment Activities. Under federal law, all state-chartered FDIC-insured banks, including commercial banks, have been limited in their activities as principal and in their equity investments to the type and the amount authorized for national banks, notwithstanding state law. Federal law permits certain exceptions to these limitations. 
 The FDIC is also authorized to permit state banks to engage in state authorized activities or investments not permissible for national banks (other than non-subsidiary equity investments) if they meet all applicable capital requirements and it is determined that such activities or investments do not pose a significant risk to the FDIC insurance fund. The FDIC has adopted regulations governing the procedures for institutions seeking approval to engage in such activities or investments. The Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act of 1999 specified that a state bank may control a subsidiary that engages in activities as principal that would only be permitted for a national bank to conduct in a financial subsidiary, if a bank meets specified conditions and deducts its investment in the subsidiary for regulatory capital purposes. 
 Prompt Corrective Regulatory Action. Federal law requires, among other things, that federal bank regulatory authorities take prompt corrective action with respect to banks that do not meet minimum capital requirements. For these purposes, the law establishes five capital categories: well capitalized, adequately capitalized, undercapitalized, significantly undercapitalized and critically undercapitalized. 
 An institution is deemed to be well capitalized if it has a total risk-based capital ratio of 10.0 or greater, a Tier 1 risk-based capital ratio of 8.0 or greater, a leverage ratio of 5.0 or greater and a common equity Tier 1 ratio of 6.5 or greater. An institution is adequately capitalized if it has a total risk-based capital ratio of 8.0 or greater, a Tier 1 risk-based capital ratio of 6.0 or greater, a leverage ratio of 4.0 or greater and a common equity Tier 1 ratio of 4.5 or greater. An institution is undercapitalized if it has a total risk-based capital ratio of less than 8.0 , a Tier 1 risk-based capital ratio of less than 6.0 , a leverage ratio of less than 4.0 or a common equity Tier 1 ratio of less than 4.5 . An institution is deemed to be significantly undercapitalized if it has a total risk-based capital ratio of less than 6.0 , a Tier 1 risk-based capital ratio of less than 4.0 , a leverage ratio of less than 3.0 or a common equity Tier 1 ratio of less than 3.0 . An institution is considered to be critically undercapitalized if it has a ratio of tangible equity (as defined in the regulations) to total assets that is equal to or less than 2.0 . 
 Undercapitalized banks must adhere to growth, capital distribution (including dividend) and other limitations and are required to submit a capital restoration plan. A bank s compliance with such a plan must be guaranteed by any company that controls the undercapitalized institution in an amount equal to the lesser of 5 of the institution s total assets when deemed undercapitalized or the amount necessary to achieve the status of adequately capitalized. If an undercapitalized bank fails to submit an acceptable plan, it is treated as if it is significantly undercapitalized. Significantly undercapitalized banks must comply with one or more of a number of additional measures, including, but not limited to, a required sale of sufficient voting stock to become adequately capitalized, a requirement to reduce total assets, cessation of taking deposits from correspondent banks, the dismissal of directors or officers and restrictions on interest rates paid on deposits, compensation of executive officers and capital distributions by the parent holding company. Critically undercapitalized institutions are subject to additional measures including, subject to a narrow exception, the appointment of a receiver or conservator within 270 days after being designated critically undercapitalized. 
 At December 31, 2022, Pathfinder Bank was well-capitalized. 
 Transactions with Related Parties. Transactions between a bank (and, generally, its subsidiaries) and its related parties or affiliates are limited by Sections 23A and 23B of the Federal Reserve Act. An affiliate of a bank is any company or entity that controls, is controlled by or is under common control with the bank. In a holding company context, the parent bank holding company BHC and any companies which are controlled by such parent holding company are affiliates of the bank. Generally, Sections 23A and 23B of the Federal Reserve Act limit the extent to which the bank or its subsidiaries may engage in covered transactions with any one affiliate to 10 of such institution s capital stock and surplus and contain an aggregate limit on all such transactions with all affiliates to an amount 
 - 20 - 

equal to 20 of such institution s capital stock and surplus. The term covered transaction includes the making of loans, purchase of assets, issuance of a guarantee and similar transactions. 
 In addition, loans or other extensions of credit by the institution to the affiliate are required to be collateralized in accordance with specified requirements. The law also requires that affiliate transactions be on terms and conditions that are substantially the same, or at least as favorable to the institution, as those provided to non-affiliates. 
 Pathfinder Bank s authority to extend credit to its directors, executive officers and 10 shareholders, as well as to entities controlled by such persons, is currently governed by the requirements of Sections 22(g) and 22(h) of the Federal Reserve Act and Regulation O of the Federal Reserve Board. Among other things, these provisions generally require that extensions of credit to insiders: 
 be made on terms that are substantially the same as, and follow credit underwriting procedures that are not less stringent than, those prevailing for comparable transactions with unaffiliated persons and that do not involve more than the normal risk of repayment or present other unfavorable features; and 

not exceed certain limitations on the amount of credit extended to such persons, individually and in the aggregate, which limits are based, in part, on the amount of Pathfinder Bank s capital. 

In addition, extensions of credit in excess of certain limits must be approved by Pathfinder Bank s Board of Directors. Extensions of credit to executive officers are subject to additional limits based on the type of extension involved. 
 Enforcement. The FDIC has extensive enforcement authority over insured state banks, including Pathfinder Bank. That enforcement authority includes, among other things, the ability to assess civil money penalties, issue cease and desist orders and remove directors and officers. In general, enforcement actions may be initiated in response to violations of laws and regulations and unsafe or unsound practices. The FDIC also has authority under federal law to appoint a conservator or receiver for an insured bank under certain circumstances. The FDIC is required, with certain exceptions, to appoint a receiver or conservator for an insured state non-member bank if the bank was critically undercapitalized on average during the calendar quarter beginning 270 days after the date on which the institution became critically undercapitalized. 
 Federal Insurance of Deposit Accounts. The Dodd-Frank Act permanently increased the maximum amount of deposit insurance for banks, savings institutions and credit unions to 250,000 per depositor. 
 The FDIC assesses insured depository institutions to maintain its Deposit Insurance Fund. Under the FDIC s risk-based assessment system, institutions deemed less risky pay lower assessments. Assessments for institutions of less than 10 billion of assets are now based on financial measures and supervisory ratings derived from statistical modeling estimating the probability of failure of an institution s failure within three years. Assessment rates for institutions of the Bank s size ranged from 1.5 to 30 basis points effective through December 31, 2022. The FDIC has authority to increase insurance assessments and adopted a final rule in October 2022 to increase initial base deposit insurance assessment rates by two basis points beginning in the first quarterly assessment period of 2023. As a result, effective January 1, 2023, assessment rates for institutions of the Bank s size will range from 2.5 to 32 basis points. 
 Insurance of deposits may be terminated by the FDIC upon a finding that an institution has engaged in unsafe or unsound practices, is in an unsafe or unsound condition to continue operations or has violated any applicable law, regulation, rule, order or condition imposed by the FDIC. We do not currently know of any practice, condition or violation that may lead to termination of our deposit insurance. 
 Community Reinvestment Act. Under the CRA, a bank has a continuing and affirmative obligation, consistent with its safe and sound operation, to help meet the credit needs of its entire community, including low and moderate income neighborhoods. The CRA does not establish specific lending requirements or programs for financial institutions nor does it limit an institution s discretion to develop the types of products and services that it believes are best suited to its particular community. The CRA does require the FDIC, in connection with its examination of a bank, to assess the institution s record of meeting the credit needs of its community and to take such record into account in its evaluation of certain applications by such institution, including applications to establish or acquire branches and merger with other depository institutions. The CRA requires the FDIC to provide a written evaluation of an institution s CRA performance utilizing a four-tiered descriptive rating system. Pathfinder Bank s latest FDIC CRA rating, dated May 13, 2019, was satisfactory. 
 Federal Reserve System. The Federal Reserve Board regulations require banks to maintain non-interest-earning reserves against their transaction accounts (primarily negotiable order of withdrawal (NOW) and regular checking accounts). In March 2020, due to a change in its approach to monetary policy due to COVID-19, the Federal Reserve Board announced an interim rule to amend Regulation D requirements and reduce reserve requirement ratios to zero. The Federal Reserve Board has indicated that it has no plans to re-impose reserve requirements, but may do so in the future if conditions warrant. 
 - 21 - 

Federal Home Loan Bank System. Pathfinder Bank is a member of the Federal Home Loan Bank System, which consists of eleven regional Federal Home Loan Banks. The Federal Home Loan Bank System provides a central credit facility primarily for member institutions as well as other entities involved in home mortgage lending. As a member of the FHLBNY, Pathfinder Bank is required to acquire and hold a specified amount of shares of capital stock in the FHLBNY. As of December 31, 2022, Pathfinder Bank was in compliance with this requirement. 
 Other Regulations 
 Interest and other charges collected or contracted for by Pathfinder Bank are subject to state usury laws and federal laws concerning interest rates. Pathfinder Bank s operations are also subject to federal laws applicable to credit transactions, such as the: 
 Truth-In-Lending Act, governing disclosures of credit terms to consumer borrowers; 

Real Estate Settlement Procedures Act, requiring that borrowers for mortgage loans for one-to-four family residential real estate receive various disclosures, including good faith estimates of settlement costs, lender servicing and escrow account practices, and prohibiting certain practices that increase the cost of settlement services; 

The TILA-RESPA Integrated Disclosure Rule, commonly known as the TRID rule. This rule amended the Truth in Lending Act and the Real Estate Settlement Procedures Act to integrate several consumer disclosures for mortgage loans; 

Home Mortgage Disclosure Act, requiring financial institutions to provide information to enable the public and public officials to determine whether a financial institution is fulfilling its obligation to help meet the housing needs of the community it serves; 

Equal Credit Opportunity Act, prohibiting discrimination on the basis of race, creed or other prohibited factors in extending credit; 

Fair Credit Reporting Act, governing the use and provision of information to credit reporting agencies; 

Fair Debt Collection Act, governing the manner in which consumer debts may be collected by collection agencies; 

Truth in Savings Act; 

Rules and regulations of the various federal agencies charged with the responsibility of implementing such federal laws; 

Right to Financial Privacy Act, which imposes a duty to maintain confidentiality of consumer financial records and prescribes procedures for complying with administrative subpoenas of financial records; 

Electronic Funds Transfer Act and Regulation E promulgated thereunder, which govern automatic deposits to and withdrawals from deposit accounts and customers rights and liabilities arising from the use of automated teller machines and other electronic banking services; 

Check Clearing for the 21 st Century Act (also known as Check 21 ), which gives substitute checks, such as digital check images and copies made from that image, the same legal standing as the original paper check; 

USA PATRIOT Act, which requires banks operating to, among other things, establish broadened anti-money laundering compliance programs, due diligence policies and controls to ensure the detection and reporting of money laundering. Such required compliance programs are intended to supplement existing compliance requirements, also applicable to financial institutions, under the Bank Secrecy Act and the Office of Foreign Assets Control regulations; and 

Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act, which places limitations on the sharing of consumer financial information by financial institutions with unaffiliated third parties. Specifically, the Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act requires all financial institutions offering financial products or services to retail customers to provide such customers with the financial institution s privacy policy and provide such customers the opportunity to opt out of the sharing of certain personal financial information with unaffiliated third parties. 

Holding Company Regulation 
 The Company, as a BHC, is subject to examination, regulation, and periodic reporting under the Bank Holding Company Act of 1956, as amended, as administered by the Federal Reserve Board. The Company is required to obtain the prior approval of the Federal Reserve Board to acquire all, or substantially all, of the assets of any bank or bank holding company. Prior Federal Reserve Board approval would be required for the Company to acquire direct or indirect ownership or control of any voting securities of any bank or BHC if it would, directly or indirectly, own or control more than 5 of any class of voting shares of the bank or bank holding company. 
 A BHC is generally prohibited from engaging in, or acquiring, direct or indirect control of more than 5 of the voting securities of any company engaged in non-banking activities. One of the principal exceptions to this prohibition is for activities found by the Federal Reserve Board to be so closely related to banking or managing or controlling banks as to be a proper incident thereto. Some of the 
 - 22 - 

principal activities that the Federal Reserve Board has determined by regulation to be closely related to banking are: (i) making or servicing loans; (ii) performing certain data processing services; (iii) providing securities brokerage services; (iv) acting as fiduciary, investment or financial advisor; (v) leasing personal or real property under certain conditions; (vi) making investments in corporations or projects designed primarily to promote community welfare; and (vii) acquiring a savings association. 
 The Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act of 1999 authorizes a BHC that meets specified conditions, including depository institutions subsidiaries that are well capitalized and well managed, to opt to become a financial holding company. A financial holding company may engage in a broader array of financial activities than permitted a typical bank holding company. Such activities can include insurance underwriting and investment banking. The Company has elected to be a financial holding company. 
 In December 2014, legislation was passed by Congress that required the Federal Reserve Board to revise its Small Bank Holding Company Policy Statement to exempt bank and savings and loan holding companies with less than 1.0 billion of consolidated assets from the consolidated capital requirements, provided that such companies meet certain other conditions such as not engaging in significant nonbanking activities. The Federal Reserve Board maintains authority to apply the consolidated capital requirements to any bank or savings and loan holding company as warranted for supervisory purposes. Regulations implementing the exemption were effective in May 2015. 
 On August 28, 2018, pursuant to EGRRCPA, the Federal Reserve Board issued an interim final rule revising the Policy Statement increasing the consolidated asset limit to 3 billion. Under the Policy Statement, a BHC that meets certain Qualitative Requirements: 
 is exempt from the FRB's risk-based capital and leverage rules (Appendixes A and D of Regulation Y); and 

may use debt to finance up to 75 of the purchase price of an acquisition allowing a BHC to have a debt-to-equity ratio of up to 3:1. 

The Policy Statement now applies to a BHC with consolidated assets of less than 3 billion that meets the following Qualitative Requirements: (i) it is not engaged in significant non-banking activities either directly or through a non-bank subsidiary; (ii) it does not conduct significant off-balance sheet activities, including securitizations or asset management or administration, either directly or through a non-bank subsidiary; or (iii) it does not have a material amount of debt or equity securities outstanding (other than trust preferred securities) that are registered with the SEC. BHCs that meet these Qualitative Requirements are determined to be Qualifying BHCs . A Qualifying BHC is exempt from the FRB's risk-based capital and leverage rules. As a consequence, it does not have to comply with the Basel III Capital Adequacy rules. Each subsidiary bank of a Qualifying BHC must comply with the Basel III Capital Adequacy rules (or the Community Bank Leverage Ratio) and must be well-capitalized. If any subsidiary bank is not, the Federal Reserve Board expects it to become well-capitalized within a brief period of time. This Policy Statement applies to the Company. 
 A BHC is generally required to give the Federal Reserve Board prior written notice of any purchase or redemption of then outstanding equity securities if the gross consideration for the purchase or redemption, when combined with the net consideration paid for all such purchases or redemptions during the preceding 12 months, is equal to 10 or more of the company s consolidated net worth. The Federal Reserve Board may disapprove such a purchase or redemption if it determines that the proposal would constitute an unsafe and unsound practice, or would violate any law, regulation, Federal Reserve Board order or directive, or any condition imposed by, or written agreement with, the Federal Reserve Board. The Federal Reserve Board has adopted an exception to that approval requirement for well-capitalized bank holding companies that meet certain other conditions. The Federal Reserve Board has issued guidance which requires consultation with the Federal Reserve Board prior to a redemption or repurchase in certain circumstances. 
 The Federal Reserve Board has issued a policy statement regarding the payment of dividends by BHCs. In general, the Federal Reserve Board s policies provide that dividends should be paid only out of current earnings and only if the prospective rate of earnings retention by the BHC appears consistent with the organization s capital needs, asset quality and overall financial condition. The Federal Reserve Board s policies also require that a BHC serve as a source of financial strength to its subsidiary banks by using available resources to provide capital funds during periods of financial stress or adversity and by maintaining the financial flexibility and capital-raising capacity to obtain additional resources for assisting its subsidiary banks where necessary. The Dodd-Frank Act codified the source of strength policy. Under the prompt corrective action laws, the ability of a BHC to pay dividends may be restricted if a subsidiary bank becomes undercapitalized. These regulatory policies could affect the ability of the Company to pay dividends or otherwise engage in capital distributions. 
 The Company and the Bank will be affected by the monetary and fiscal policies of various agencies of the United States Government, including the Federal Reserve System. In view of changing conditions in the national economy and in the money markets, it is impossible for management to accurately predict future changes in monetary policy or the effect of such changes on the business or financial condition of the Company or the Bank. 
 The Company s status as a registered BHC under the Bank Holding Company Act will not exempt it from certain federal and state laws and regulations applicable to corporations generally, including, without limitation, certain provisions of the federal securities laws. 
 - 23 - 

Federal Securities Laws 
 The Company s common stock is registered with the Securities and Exchange Commission under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. We are subject to the information, proxy solicitation, insider trading restrictions and other requirements under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. 
 The registration under the Securities Act of 1933 of the Company s shares of common stock issued in the Company s initial stock offering does not cover the resale of those shares. Shares of common stock purchased by persons who are not our affiliates may be resold without registration. Shares purchased by our affiliates are subject to the resale restrictions of Rule 144 under the Securities Act of 1933. If we meet the current public information requirements of Rule 144 under the Securities Act of 1933, each affiliate of ours that complies with the other conditions of Rule 144, including those that require the affiliate s sale to be aggregated with those of other persons, would be able to sell in the public market, without registration, a number of shares not to exceed, in any three-month period, the greater of 1 of our outstanding shares, or the average weekly volume of trading in the shares during the preceding four calendar weeks. In the future, we may permit affiliates to have their shares registered for sale under the Securities Act of 1933. 
 Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 The Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 addresses, among other issues, corporate governance, auditing and accounting, executive compensation, and enhanced and timely disclosure of corporate information. We have prepared policies, procedures and systems designed to ensure compliance with these regulations. 
 
 FEDERAL AND STATE TAXATION 
 
 Deferred Income Tax Assets and Liabilities . Deferred income tax assets and liabilities are determined using the liability method. Under this method, the net deferred tax asset or liability is recognized for the future tax consequences. This is attributable to the differences between the financial statement carrying amounts of existing assets and liabilities and their respective tax bases as well as net operating and capital loss carry forwards. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured using enacted tax rates applied to taxable income in the years in which those temporary differences are expected to be recovered or settled. The effect on deferred tax assets and liabilities of a change in tax rates is recognized in income tax expense in the period that includes the enactment date. If current available evidence about the future raises doubt about the likelihood of a deferred tax asset being realized, a valuation allowance is established. The judgment about the level of future taxable income, including that which is considered capital, is inherently subjective and is reviewed on a continual basis as regulatory and business factors change. 
 
 Federal Taxation 
 General . The Bank and the Company are subject to federal income taxation in the same general manner as other corporations, with some exceptions discussed below. The following discussion of federal taxation is intended only to summarize certain pertinent federal income tax matters and is not a comprehensive description of the tax rules applicable to the Company or the Bank. 
 The Company s federal tax returns are statutorily subject to potential audit for the years 2019 through 2022. No federal income tax returns are under audit as of the date of this report. 
 Method of Accounting . For federal income tax purposes, the Company currently reports its income and expenses on the accrual method of accounting and uses a tax year ending December 31 for filing its federal and state income tax returns. 
 Bad Debt Reserves . Prior to 1996, Pathfinder Bank was permitted to establish a reserve for bad debts and to make annual additions to the reserve. These additions could, within specified formula limits, be deducted in arriving at our taxable income. As a result of tax law changes in 1996, Pathfinder Bank was required to use the specific charge-off method in computing its bad debt deduction beginning with its 1996 federal tax return. Savings institutions were required to recapture any excess reserves over those established as of December 31, 1987 (base year reserve). At December 31, 2022, Pathfinder Bank had no reserves subject to recapture in excess of its base year reserves. The Bank continues to be required to use the specific charge-off method to account for tax bad debt deductions. 
 Taxable Distributions and Recapture . Prior to 1996, bad debt reserves created prior to 1988 were subject to recapture into taxable income if Pathfinder Bank failed to meet certain thrift asset and definitional tests or made certain distributions. Tax law changes in 1996 eliminated thrift-related recapture rules. However, under current law, pre-1988 tax bad debt reserves remain subject to recapture if Pathfinder Bank makes certain non-dividend distributions, repurchases any of its common stock, pays dividends in excess of earnings and profits, or fails to qualify as a bank for tax purposes. At December 31, 2022, our total federal pre-base year bad debt reserve was approximately 1.3 million. 
 - 24 - 

Net Operating Loss Carryovers. Federal tax law allows net operating losses to be carried forward indefinitely with the net operating loss deduction limited to 80 of taxable income in any carryforward year. 
 Corporate Dividends Received Deduction. The Company may exclude from its federal taxable income 100 of dividends received from Pathfinder Bank as a wholly-owned subsidiary by filing consolidated tax returns. The corporate dividends received deduction is 65 when the corporation receiving the dividend owns at least 20 of the stock of the distributing corporation. The dividends-received deduction is 50 when the corporation receiving the dividend owns less than 20 of the distributing corporation. 
 Employee Compensation. A publicly held corporation is not permitted to deduct compensation in excess of 1 million per year paid to certain employees. Federal tax law eliminates certain exceptions to the 1 million limit applicable under prior law related to performance-based compensation, such as equity grants and cash bonuses that are paid only on the attainment of performance goals. 
 Business Asset Expensing. Federal tax law allows taxpayers to immediately expense the entire cost of certain depreciable tangible property and real property improvements acquired and placed in service after September 27, 2017 and before January 1, 2023 (with an additional year for certain property). This 100 bonus depreciation is phased out proportionately for property placed in service on or after January 1, 2023 and before January 1, 2027 (with an additional year for certain property). 
 State Taxation 
 Pathfinder Bancorp, Inc., Pathfinder Bank, Whispering Oaks, and Pathfinder Risk Management Corporation report income on a combined basis to New York State. The New York State franchise tax is imposed in an amount equal to the greater of 6.5 of Business Income for companies with a Business Income Base up to 5 million, or 7.25 for companies with a Business Income Base greater than 5 million, 0.025 and 0.1875 of average Business Capital for 2021 and 2022, respectively, or a fixed dollar amount based on New York sourced gross receipts. 
 As a Maryland business corporation, the Company is required to file an annual report with, and pay franchise taxes to, the State of Maryland. 
 
 Human Capital Resources 
 Our Mission 
 Our Mission, which is thoroughly communicated to all of our team members, is To foster relationships with individuals and businesses within our communities to be the financial provider of choice. Our goal is to continually enhance the value of the Bank for the benefit of our shareholders, customers, employees and communities. 
 
 Our Values 
 Our workplace culture is grounded in our customer and employee value proposition. We have adopted a formally-stated set of Values, which are also ingrained in our human capital resource management programs. These Values state that we are: 
 Competent Professionals 

Service-Driven 

A Family 

Respectful 

Compassionate 

Proud 

Honest 

Each of the Values, outlined above, are further defined in our internal communications, recognition programs, training programs and team-oriented activities. 
 
 Human Capital 
 The success of our business is highly dependent on our team members, who provide value to our customers and communities through their dedication to our mission and values. We define, exemplify and foster our culture by the Values listed above. We value our team members by investing in a healthy work-life balance, competitive compensation and benefit packages, and a vibrant, team-oriented environment centered on professional service and open communication among team members. We strive to build and maintain a 
 - 25 - 

high-performing culture by creating a work environment that attracts and retains outstanding, engaged team members who embody our company mantra of Local. Community. Trust. 
 Demographics 
 At December 31, 2022, we employed 174 team members, of which 160 were full-time, 10 were part-time, two were interns, and two were temporary employees working on special projects/initiatives. Our staff is comprised of approximately 75 women. We continue to grow and employ team members respectively across our three-county footprint as follows: 

Date 
 Headcount 

12/31/2022 
 174 

12/31/2021 
 173 

12/31/2020 
 183 

12/31/2019 
 162 

At December 31, 2022, approximately 60 of our staff was employed at our bank branch and loan production offices, with the remainder of our team employed within all other functional areas, including our customer-facing electronic commerce and call center units. None of these employees are represented by a collective bargaining agreement and management considers its relationship with employees to be good. During fiscal year 2022, we hired 36 employees, of which 29 were full-time, five were part-time, and two were interns. Our voluntary turnover rates for the previous four years are as follows: 

Year 
 Voluntary Turnover 

2022 
 25.0 

2021 
 24.2 

2020 
 13.2 

2019 
 18.8 

Diversity and Inclusion 
 An inclusive open-minded community that engages excellence and embraces diversity is fundamental to supporting the Pathfinder Bank vision to be a local bank that the community trusts. The communities in which we serve include persons of various race, ethnicity, gender, sexual orientation, socio-economic status, age, physical and cognitive ability, religion and political belief. We are committed to valuing and sharing the strength of our differences in a safe and positive environment. 
 
 Our primary goal is to attract and cultivate a dynamic and cultural sensitivity that exemplifies, promotes and celebrates diversity. This definition of diversity includes recognition and appreciation of the uniqueness of each individual. We seek to hire well-qualified team members who are, at least as importantly, a good fit for our value system. Our selection and promotion processes are without bias and include the active recruitment of minorities and women. 
 
 With a commitment to equality, inclusion and workplace diversity, we focus on understanding, accepting, and valuing the differences between people. To accomplish this, we continue our efforts through our Diversity, Equity and Inclusion Committee made up of several employee representatives from areas located throughout our market footprint. We collaborate with local business partners to better our understanding and position ourselves to improve and fulfill our commitment to diversity and inclusion. Our goal is to build and leverage a diverse and inclusive workforce and workplace by building leadership capability and organizational capacity. This requires all team members to do their part. Management must possess diversity and inclusion competencies to lead and manage an engaged workforce. All team members must treat their colleagues with respect by listening to different viewpoints, opinions, thoughts and ideas and embracing a culture of inclusion. 
 
 A commitment to diversity and inclusion is essential to reflecting the values of our team members and the society we serve today. It makes business sense because it helps us to attract and retain the best talent, it enables us to understand and meet clients' needs more effectively and thus provide a better quality service. We continue our commitment to equal employment opportunity through a robust affirmative action plan, which includes annual compensation analyses and ongoing reviews of our selection and hiring practices, alongside a continued focus on building and maintaining a diverse workforce. 

- 26 - 

For the year 2022, the population of our workforce was as follows: 

Ethnicity 

American Indian or Alaska Native 
 
 0.6 

Asian 
 
 1.7 

Black or African American 
 
 2.9 

Hispanic or Latino 
 
 4.6 

Two or more races (Not Hispanic or Latino) 
 
 1.1 

White 
 
 89.1 

Age Demographics 

Age Range 
 Total 

18-25 
 
 25 

26-35 
 
 50 

36-45 
 
 44 

46-55 
 
 18 

56-65 
 
 33 

Over 65 
 
 4 

Grand Total 
 
 174 

Compensation and Benefits 
 We provide a competitive compensation and benefits program to help meet the needs of our team members. In addition to salaries, these programs include annual bonuses, stock awards, a 401(k) Plan with an employer matching contribution in addition to an employer-paid annual contribution, healthcare and other insurance benefits, health savings, flexible spending accounts, paid time off, family leave, identity theft protection, telemedicine service, and an employee assistance program, including mental health services. A survey was conducted to determine employee preferences and changes were made accordingly. 
 
 Learning and Development 
 We invest in the growth and development of our team members by providing a multi-dimensional approach to learning that empowers, intellectually grows, and professionally develops our colleagues. We encourage and support the growth and development of our team members and, wherever possible, seek to fill positions by promotion and transfer from within the organization. Continual learning and career development is advanced through performance and development conversations between team members and their managers, internally developed training programs, customized corporate training engagements and educational reimbursement programs. Reimbursement is available to team members enrolled in pre-approved degree or certification programs at accredited institutions that teach skills or knowledge relevant to our business, in compliance with Section 127 of the Internal Revenue Code, and for seminars, conferences, and other training events team members attend in connection with their job duties. We will be recruiting for a Corporate Trainer in early 2023. This individual will report to Human Resources and be dedicated to this initiative. 
 
 Retention Efforts 
 Employee retention helps us operate efficiently and achieve one of our business objectives. We believe our commitment to living out our core values, actively prioritizing concern for our team members well-being, supporting our team members career goals, offering competitive wages and providing valuable fringe benefits aids in retention of our top-performing team members . In addition, nearly all of our team members are stockholders of the Company through participation in our Employee Stock Ownership Plan, which aligns employee and stockholder interests by providing stock ownership on a tax-deferred basis at no investment cost to our employees. At December 31, 2022, over 34 of our current staff had been with us for ten years or more. There is a team assigned to retention efforts as a strategic initiative for 2023 and forward. 
 ITEM 1A: RI SK FACTORS 
 Not required of a smaller reporting company. 
 ITEM 1B: UNRESOLV ED STAFF COMMENTS 
 None. 
 - 27 - 

ITEM 2: PR OPERTIES 
 The Company has seven offices located in Oswego County, four offices located in Onondaga County and one limited purpose office located in Oneida County. Management believes that the Bank s facilities are adequate for the business conducted. The following table sets forth certain information concerning the main office and each branch office of the Bank at December 31, 2022. The aggregate net book value of the Bank's premises and equipment was 17.9 million at December 31, 2022. For additional information regarding the Bank's properties, see Notes 8 and 28 to the consolidated financial statements. 

Location 
 
 Opening Date 
 
 Owned/Leased 

Main Office 
 
 1874 
 
 Owned 

214 West First Street 

Oswego, New York 13126 

Plaza Branch 
 
 1989 
 
 Owned (1) 

291 State Route 104 East 

Oswego, New York 13126 

Mexico Branch 
 
 1978 
 
 Owned 

3361 Main Street 

Mexico, New York 13114 

Oswego East Branch 
 
 1994 
 
 Owned 

34 East Bridge Street 

Oswego, New York 13126 

Lacona Branch 
 
 2002 
 
 Owned 

1897 Harwood Drive 

Lacona, New York 13083 

Fulton Branch 
 
 2003 
 
 Owned (2) 

5 West First Street South 

Fulton, New York 13069 

Central Square Branch 
 
 2005 
 
 Owned 

3025 East Ave 

Central Square, New York 13036 

Cicero Branch 
 
 2011 
 
 Owned 

6194 State Route 31 

Cicero, New York 13039 

Pike Block Branch 
 
 2014 
 
 Leased (3) 

109 West Fayette Street 

Syracuse, New York 13202 

Clay Branch 
 
 2018 
 
 Leased (4) 

3775 State Route 31 

Liverpool, NY 13090 

Southwest Corridor Branch 
 
 2022 
 
 Leased (5) 

506 West Onondaga Street 

Syracuse, NY 13204 

Utica Loan Production Office 
 
 2017 
 
 Leased (6) 

258 Genesee Street 

Utica, New York 13502 

(1) The building is owned; the underlying land is leased with an annual rent of 38,000. 

(2) The building is owned; the underlying land is leased with an annual rent of 37,000. 

(3) The premises are leased with an annual rent of 90,000. 

(4) The premises are leased with an annual rent of 74,000. 

(5) The premises are leased with an annual rent of 257,000. 

(6) The premises are leased with an annual rent of 16,000. 

- 28 - 

ITEM 3: LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 
 There are various claims and lawsuits to which the Company is periodically involved that are incidental to the Company's business, most notably foreclosures. In the opinion of management, such claims and lawsuits in the aggregate are not expected to have a material adverse impact on the Company's consolidated financial condition and results of operations at December 31, 2022. 
 ITEM 4: MINE SAF ETY DISCLOSURE 
 Not applicable. 
 
 PART II 
 ITEM 5: MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STO CKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 
 The Company s common stock trades on the NASDAQ Capital Market under the symbol PBHC. 
 There were 310 shareholders of record (excluding the number of persons or entities holding stock in street name through various brokerage firms) as of March 22, 2023. 
 
 The Company did not repurchase any shares of its common stock for the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 Equity Compensation Plan Information 
 The following table provides information as of December 31, 2022 with respect to shares of voting common stock that may be issued under the Company s existing equity compensation plans. 

Plan Category 
 
 Number of securities to be issued upon exercise of outstanding options, warrants and rights 

Weighted-average exercise price of outstanding options, warrants and rights 

Number of securities remaining available for future issuance under equity compensation plans 

Equity compensation plans approved by security holders 

223,217 

10.94 

10,408 

Equity compensation plans not approved by stockholders 
 
 N/A 

N/A 

N/A 

Dividends and Dividend History 
 The Company has historically paid regular quarterly cash dividends on its common stock. The Board of Directors presently intends to continue the payment of regular quarterly cash dividends, subject to the need for those funds for debt service and other purposes. Payment of dividends on the common stock is subject to determination and declaration by the Board of Directors and will depend upon a number of factors, including capital requirements, regulatory limitations on the payment of dividends, Pathfinder Bank and its subsidiaries results of operations and financial condition, tax considerations, and general economic conditions. More details are included within the section titled Regulation and Supervision. 
 ITEM 6: RES ERVED 
 
 - 29 - 

ITEM 7: MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS. 
 INTRODUCTION 
 
 Throughout Management s Discussion and Analysis MD A the term, the Company , refers to the consolidated entity of Pathfinder Bancorp, Inc. Pathfinder Bank (the Bank and Pathfinder Statutory Trust II are wholly owned subsidiaries of Pathfinder Bancorp, Inc.; however, Pathfinder Statutory Trust II is not consolidated for reporting purposes (see Note 13 of the consolidated financial statements). Pathfinder Risk Management Company, Inc., and Whispering Oaks Development Corp. are wholly owned subsidiaries of Pathfinder Bank. 
 On October 16, 2014, Pathfinder Bancorp, MHC converted from the mutual to stock form of organization (the Conversion ). Following the completion of the Conversion, the Company was created substantially in its current form and Pathfinder Bancorp, MHC ceased to exist. The Company had 6,032,112 and 5,983,467 shares of voting and non-voting common stock in aggregate outstanding at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively. 
 On June 1, 2016, Pathfinder Bank, a savings bank chartered by the NYSDFS, merged into Pathfinder Commercial Bank, a limited purpose commercial bank also chartered by the NYSDFS. Prior to the merger, Pathfinder Bank owned 100 of Pathfinder Commercial Bank. On that same date, NYSDFS expanded the powers that it had previously granted to Pathfinder Commercial Bank and chartered Pathfinder Commercial Bank as a fully-empowered commercial bank. Simultaneously, the entity that had operated as Pathfinder Commercial Bank changed its name to Pathfinder Bank. As a result of this charter conversion and accompanying name change, the entity now known as Pathfinder Bank became a commercial bank with the full range of powers granted under a commercial banking charter in New York State. The merger, which had no effect on the Company s results of operations, converted the consolidated Bank from a savings bank to a commercial bank and was completed in order to better align the Bank s organization certificate with its long-term strategic focus. 
 Since the Conversion, we have substantially transformed our business activities from those of a traditional savings bank to those of a commercial bank. This transformation of activities has significantly affected the overall composition of our balance sheet. While not reducing our role as a leading originator of one-to-four family residential real estate loans within our marketplace, which had been our primary focus as a savings bank, we have substantially grown our commercial business and commercial real estate loan portfolios since the Conversion. As a commercial bank, we have been able to offer customized products and services to meet individual commercial customer needs and thereby more definitively differentiate our services from those offered by our competitors. As a result, we have been able to create a substantially more diversified loan portfolio than the one that was in place before the completion of the Conversion. When compared to the Bank s loan portfolio composition prior to the Conversion, it is our view that our current asset portfolio (1) significantly improves upon the distribution of credit risk across a broader range of borrowers, industries and collateral types, and (2) is more likely to generate consistent net interest margin in a broader range of interest rate environments due to the portfolio s increased percentage of shorter-term and/or adjustable-rate assets. In a concurrent effort, the Bank has been able to fund the majority of the high level of growth in our loan portfolios primarily with deposits gathered from our local community. We believe that we have gathered these deposits at a reasonable overall cost in terms of deposit interest rates, as well as at a reasonable overall level of related infrastructure and customer support service expenses. 
 On May 8, 2019, the Company entered into a Securities Purchase Agreement (the Securities Purchase Agreement with Castle Creek Capital Partners VII, L.P. Castle Creek ), pursuant to which the Company sold: (i) 37,700 shares of the Company s common stock, par value 0.01 per share, at a purchase price of 14.25 per share (the Common Stock ); (ii) 1,155,283 shares of a new series of preferred stock, Series B convertible perpetual preferred stock, par value 0.01 per share, at a purchase price of 14.25 per share (the Series B Preferred Stock ); and (iii) a warrant, with an approximate fair value of 373,000, to purchase 125,000 shares of Common Stock at an exercise price initially equal to 14.25 per share (the Warrant ), in a private placement transaction (the Private Placement for gross proceeds of approximately 17.0 million. The Securities Purchase Agreement contains significant representations, warranties, and covenants of the Company and Castle Creek. 
 On May 8, 2019, the Company filed Articles Supplementary with the Maryland Department of Assessments and Taxation to issue 1,155,283 shares of Series B Preferred Stock to Castle Creek. Each share of the Series B Preferred Stock was convertible on a one-for-one basis into either (i) Common Stock under certain circumstances or (ii) non-voting common stock, par value 0.01 per share (which will also be convertible into Common Stock), subject to approval of the creation of such class of non-voting common stock by the Company s stockholders. 
 The Company also entered into subscription agreements dated as of May 8, 2019 (the Subscription Agreements with certain directors and executive officers of the Company as well as other accredited investors. Pursuant to the Subscription Agreements, the investors purchased an aggregate of 269,277 shares of Common Stock at 14.25 per share for gross proceeds of approximately 3.8 million, before payment of placement fees and related costs and expenses. The Subscription Agreements contain representations, warranties, and 
 - 30 - 

covenants of the purchasers and the Company that are customary in private placement transactions. The subscription agreements were also part of the Private Placement, and the term Private Placement includes both transactions. 
 In total, therefore, the Company issued 306,977 shares of Common Stock, 1,155,283 shares of Series B Preferred Stock and the Warrant at the conclusion of the Private Placement. The transaction raised 20.8 million in gross proceeds and the final net cash received from the Private Placement, after all issuance expenses, including placement fees and all other issuance/due diligence costs of 927,000 and 342,000, respectively, was 19.6 million. The fair value of the Warrant at the time of issuance was 373,000. 
 Pursuant to NASDAQ rules, Castle Creek could not convert the Series B Preferred Stock or, in the future, the non-voting common stock into Common Stock, or exercise the Warrant if doing so would cause Castle Creek, when combined with the purchases of certain directors and executive officers of the Company as well as other accredited investors in the Private Placement, to own more than 19.99 of the Common Stock outstanding immediately prior to the execution of the Securities Purchase Agreement (the Exchange Cap ). The Company was required to request stockholder approval to eliminate the Exchange Cap no later than at the 2021 annual meeting of Company shareholders. In addition, at the same meeting, the Company was required to seek shareholder approval to create a class of non-voting convertible common stock. Castle Creek will need the approval or non-objection of the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System and the New York State Department of Financial Services if it seeks to increase its ownership of shares of Common Stock in excess of 9.9 of the outstanding shares of Common Stock. 
 Holders of the Series B Preferred Stock were entitled to receive dividends if declared by the Company s Board of Directors, in the same per share amount as paid on the Common Stock. No dividends would be payable on the Common Stock unless a dividend identical to that paid on the Common Stock was payable at the same time on the Series B Preferred Stock. The Series B Preferred Stock would rank, as to payments of dividends and distribution of assets upon dissolution, liquidation or winding up of the Company, pari passu with the Common Stock pro rata. Holders of Series B Preferred Stock had no voting rights except as was required by law. The Series B Preferred Stock was not redeemable by either the Company or by the holder. 
 As discussed above, pursuant to the Securities Purchase Agreement, on May 8, 2019, the Company issued a Warrant to Castle Creek to purchase 125,000 shares of non-voting common stock at an exercise price equal to 14.25 per share. At the same time, the Company entered into a Warrant Agreement with Castle Creek, to, among other things, authorize and establish the terms of the Warrant. The Warrant is exercisable at any time after May 8, 2019, and from time to time, in whole or in part, until May 8, 2026. However, the exercise of such Warrant remains subject to certain contractual provisions, and regulatory approval if Castle Creek s ownership of Common Stock would exceed 9.9 . At December 31, 2022, Castle Creek owned approximately 8.8 of the Company s common voting stock. The Warrant will receive dividends equal to the amount paid on the Company s common stock. The dividend payment shall be calculated on (1) the unexercised portion of the 125,000 notional shares encompassed within the terms of the Warrant, less (2) any exercised portion of the 125,000 shares, times (3) the amount of the quarterly dividend paid to common shareholders. Dividend payments, if declared on the Company s common stock, will be made on the Warrant until its expiration date. 
 Following the Private Placement, the Company used the net cash received from the transaction to strengthen the Company s general capital and liquidity positions, fund growth within our marketplace, purchase certain loan assets, and increase the regulatory capital position of the Bank. The Company will continue to use the additional capital raised through the Private Placement primarily to support the realization of continued growth opportunities within our marketplace and, to a lesser extent, for general corporate purposes. 
 Pursuant to the terms of the Securities Purchase Agreement, Castle Creek is entitled to have one representative appointed to the Company s Board of Directors for so long as Castle Creek, together with its respective affiliates, owns, in the aggregate, 4.9 or more of all of the outstanding shares of the Company s Common Voting Stock. If Castle Creek, together with its respective affiliates, owns, in the aggregate, 4.9 or more of all of the outstanding shares of the Company s Common Voting Stock and does not have a board representative appointed to the Company s Board of Directors, the Company will invite a person designated by Castle Creek to attend meetings of the Company s Board of Directors as an observer. At December 31, 2022, Castle Creek elected to have an observer present at substantially all meetings of the Company s Board of Directors. 
 
 On November 13, 2020, the Company entered into an agreement (the Exchange Agreement with Castle Creek providing for the exchange of 225,000 shares of the Company s Common stock owned by Castle Creek for 225,000 shares of the Company s Series B Preferred Stock. The exchange was consummated simultaneously with the execution and delivery of the Exchange Agreement. The Company and Castle Creek entered into the Exchange Agreement to enable the equity ownership of Castle Creek to comply with applicable banking laws and regulations. 
 
 A s a result of the E xchange A greement , on November 13, 2020, the Company issued to Castle Creek 225,000 shares of its Series B Preferred Stock in exchange for an equivalent number of shares of Company Common Stock held by Castle Creek in a transaction exempt from registration under Section 3(a)(9) of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended. Castle Creek was the only stockholder of the Series B Preferred Stock. The Company received no cash proceeds as a result of the exchange. In addition, the Company did not pay any commission or remuneration for the solicitation of the exchange. 
 - 31 - 

On November 13, 2020, the Company filed an amendment to the Articles Supplementary to the Articles of Incorporation of the Company designating the Series B Preferred Stock with the Maryland Department of Assessments and Taxation to increase the classified number of shares of the Series B Preferred Stock from 1,155,283 to 1,506,000 to allow for the additional issuance of Series B Preferred Stock to Castle Creek. There were no other changes made to the preferences, limitations, powers and relative rights of the Series B Preferred Stock. 
 
 On June 4, 2021, shareholders of the Company approved an amendment to the Company s Articles of Incorporation to authorize Non-Voting Common Stock, and to eliminate the Exchange Cap. On June 9, 2021, the Company filed Articles Supplementary to the Articles of Incorporation of the Company (the Articles Supplementary with the Maryland State Department of Assessments and Taxation creating a Class A Non-Voting Common Stock, par value 0.01 per share Non-Voting Common Stock ). The Articles Supplementary authorized 1,505,283 shares of the Non-Voting Common Stock which Castle Creek received in exchange for the Company s outstanding Series B Preferred Stock on a one for one basis and allowed for the issuance of 125,000 shares of Non-Voting Common Stock that may be issued upon the exercise of the Warrant. 
 
 The preferences, limitations, powers and relative rights of the Non-Voting Common Stock are set forth in the Articles Supplementary, a summary of which follows: 
 
 Ranking : The Non-Voting Common Stock will rank, as to the payment of dividends and distribution of assets upon dissolution, liquidation or winding up of the Company, (i) pari passu with the Company s Common Stock, and (ii) subordinate and junior to all other securities of the Company which, by their respective terms, are senior to the Non-Voting Common Stock or the Company s Common Stock. 
 
 Dividend Rights : Holders of the Non-Voting Common Stock will be entitled to receive dividends when, as and if declared by the Company s Board of Directors, in the same per share amount as paid on Company s Common Stock. No dividends will be payable on the Company s Common Stock unless a dividend identical to that paid on the Company s Common Stock is payable at the same time on the Non-Voting Common Stock in an amount per share equal to the product of (i) the per share dividend declared and paid in respect of each share of the Company s Common Stock and (ii) the number of shares of the Company s Common Stock into which such share of Non-Voting Common Stock is then convertible (without regard to limitations on conversion of such Non-Voting Common Stock); provided that if any stock dividend is declared on the Company s Common Stock, the holders of Non-Voting Common Stock will be entitled to receive such dividend payable in shares of Non-Voting Common Stock. 
 
 Voting : The holders of shares of Non-Voting Common Stock have no voting rights, except as may be required by Maryland law and as set forth in the Articles Supplementary. So long as any shares of Non-Voting Common Stock are issued and outstanding, the Company will not (including by means of merger, consolidation or otherwise) without obtaining the approval of the holders of a majority of the issued and outstanding shares of Non-Voting Common Stock: 
 alter or change the rights, preferences, privileges or restrictions provided for the benefit of the holders of the Non-Voting Common Stock so as to affect them adversely; 

increase or decrease the authorized number of shares of Non-Voting Common Stock; or 

enter into any agreement, merger or business combination, or engage in any other transaction, or take any action that would have the effect of adversely changing any preference or any relative or other right provided for the benefit of the holders of the Non-Voting Common Stock. 

Redemption and Repurchase: The Non-Voting Common Stock is not redeemable by the Company or the holder. However, in the event that the Company offers to repurchase shares of the Company s Common Stock, the Company must offer to repurchase shares of the Non-Voting Common Stock pro rata based upon the number of shares of the Company s Common Stock such holders would be entitled to receive if such shares were converted into shares of the Company s Common Stock immediately prior to such repurchase. 
 Conversion : Each share of Non-Voting Common Stock will be convertible into one share of the Company s Common Stock (i) at any time and from time to time at the request of the holder thereof or at the written request of the Company; provided that upon such conversion, the holder, together with all affiliates of the holder, will not own or control in the aggregate more than 9.9 of the Company s Common Stock (or of any class of the Company s voting securities), excluding for the purpose of this calculation any reduction in the ownership resulting from transfers by such holder of voting securities (which, for the avoidance of doubt, does not included the Non-Voting Common Stock); or (ii) automatically, without any further action of the part of the holder, on the date that the holder transfers such share of Non-Voting Common Stock to a non-affiliate of the holder in a permissible transfer. 
 
 - 32 - 

We have consistently maintained our historically strong presence in consumer deposit gathering and residential mortgage lending activities. Notwithstanding the retention of these business lines, we have strategically emphasized developing our business and commercial banking franchise by offering products that are attractive to small-to medium-sized businesses in our market area. We differentiate our commercial loan solutions and related services through the maintenance of high standards of customer service, solution flexibility and convenience. Highlights of our business strategy are as follows: 
 Continuing our emphasis on commercial business and commercial real estate lending . In recent years, we have successfully increased our commercial business and commercial real estate lending activities and portfolio size, consistent with safe and sound underwriting practices. In this regard, we have added, and will continue to add, personnel who are experienced in originating, underwriting and servicing commercial real estate and commercial business loans. We view the growth of our commercial business and commercial real estate loans as a means of further diversifying and increasing our interest income. In increasing our business banking activities, we seek to continuously deepen relationships with local businesses, which offer recurring and potentially increasing sources of both fee income and lower-cost transactional deposits. In that regard, our emphasis on commercial business and commercial real estate lending has complemented, and will continue to complement, our traditional one-to-four family residential real estate lending and consumer deposit gathering franchises. 

Providing quality customer service. Our strategy emphasizes providing quality customer service and meeting the financial needs of our customer base by offering a full complement of loan, deposit, financial services and online banking solutions. Our competitive advantage is our ability to make decisions, such as approving loans, more quickly - and with greater flexibility in many cases - than our market competitors. Customers enjoy, and will continue to enjoy, access to senior executives and local decision makers at the Bank and the flexibility that such access brings to their businesses. 

Optimizing our deposit mix. We seek to enhance the overall characteristics of our deposit base by emphasizing both consumer and business nonmaturity deposit gathering. During 2022, the Bank recorded an increase in consumer nonmaturity deposits of 38.5 million, or 13.3 , partially offset by a reduction in business nonmaturity deposits of 25.2 million, or 11.0 , and a 7.7 million, or 4.6 , reduction in municipal nonmaturity deposits. The increase in consumer nonmaturity deposits was due to the Bank s continued focus on the gathering of these deposits, including our emphasis on noninterest-bearing transactional accounts. The decrease in business deposits during 2022 was primarily due to the withdrawal of significant deposits as well as the final closure of all deposit accounts by a single credit union customer upon that credit union's dissolution via merger. The decrease in municipal nonmaturity deposits is considered by management to be primarily cyclical in nature. We expect to make nonmaturity deposit gathering a point of significant organizational focus for the foreseeable future. 

Continuing to grow our customer relationships and deposit base by expanding our branch network. As conditions permit, we will seek to expand our branch network through a combination of de novo branching and, potentially, acquisitions of branches and/or other financial services entities. We believe that as we expand our branch network, our customer relationships and deposit base will continue to grow. Our branch expansion focus will be primarily within Onondaga County, NY, which encompasses the greater Syracuse, NY area. We currently have four branches in Onondaga County, including the branches in the Southwest Corridor neighborhood adjacent to downtown, Syracuse, NY and in Clay, NY that we opened in the fourth quarters of 2022 and 2018, respectively. We continue to actively seek opportunities for an increased presence within that marketplace. This is consistent with our belief that we have already achieved meaningful brand recognition among potential customers there. In addition to the full-service branches located in Oswego and Onondaga Counties, in 2017 we opened a loan production office in Utica, located in Oneida County, NY, to increase our availability to potential commercial and business loan customers within that market area. We will continue to seek similar branch network expansion opportunities in the future. 

Diversifying our products and services with a goal of increasing noninterest income over time. We have sought to reduce our dependence on net interest income by increasing fee-based income across a broad spectrum of loan and deposit products. It is expected that we will also benefit in the future from increased ancillary income for service activities related to new and existing customers utilizing those products. The Company's management continues to monitor the competitive environment for these types of noninterest income opportunities and to improve its product design and customer relationship optimization strategies. A significant number of product design changes were implemented in 2022 and have yielded the expected financial benefits and are expected to continue to do so in future periods. In recent years, we have also sought to increase the breadth of services that we provide to our customers. We offer property and casualty and life insurance through our subsidiary, PRMC, and its insurance agency subsidiary, the FitzGibbons Agency, LLC. Additionally, Pathfinder Bank s investment services operations provide brokerage services to our customers for purchasing stocks, bonds, mutual funds, annuities, and long-term care insurance products. We intend to gradually increase our emphasis on the growth of these businesses. We believe that there will be resultant opportunities to cross-sell these products to our deposit and loan customers which will thereby increase our noninterest income over time. 

- 33 - 

Investing in our banking platform and technologies. We have committed significant resources to establish a banking platform to accommodate future growth by upgrading our information systems and customer service technologies, maintaining a robust risk management and compliance staff, improving credit administration functionality, and upgrading our physical infrastructure. We believe that these investments will enable us to achieve operational efficiencies with minimal additional investments, while providing increased convenience for our customers. 

Controlling the rate of growth in operating expenses . The Company has sought to reduce the rate of growth in its operating expenses relative to its rate of revenue growth and to thereby increase the Company s overall profitability. In 2022, the Company s efficiency ratio was 61.1 , a 2.0 decline from the 63.1 efficiency ratio in 2021, which is consistent with the implementation of these budgetary and expense control mechanisms. 

Managing capital . The Company received 24.9 million in net proceeds from the sale of approximately 2.6 million shares of common stock as a result of the Conversion in October 2014. In October 2015, the Company executed the issuance of the 10.0 million non-amortizing Subordinated Debt and subsequently used those proceeds in February 2016 to substantially fund the full retirement of 13.0 million in SBLF Preferred stock. The Company received 19.6 million in net proceeds from the sale of 306,977 shares of common stock and 1,155,283 shares of preferred stock as a result of the Private Placement in May 2019. In October 2020, the Company executed the issuance of 25.0 million in non-amortizing Subordinated Debt. In April 2021, the Company retired the Subordinated Debt that it had issued in October 2015, thereby reducing its outstanding balance of Subordinated Debt from 39.4 million at December 31, 2020 to 29.6 million at December 31, 2021. Since year end 2014, we have therefore successfully leveraged the 44.5 million in net new equity capital and the net 25.0 million in Subordinated Debt by growing our consolidated assets by 838.9 million, or 149.5 , to 1.40 billion at December 31, 2022. It is our intent to balance our future growth with capital adequacy considerations in a manner that will continue to allow us to effectively serve all of our key stakeholders and maintain our well capitalized capital position. 

- 34 - 

Selected Financial Data 
 
 The following selected consolidated financial data sets forth certain financial highlights of the Company and should be read in conjunction with the consolidated financial statements and related notes 

At or for the years ended December 31, 

(In thousands, except per share amounts) 
 
 2022 

2021 

2020 

2019 

2018 

Year End 

Total assets 

1,399,921 

1,285,177 

1,227,443 

1,093,807 

933,115 

Investment securities available-for-sale 

191,726 

190,598 

128,261 

111,134 

177,664 

Investment securities held-to-maturity 

194,402 

160,923 

171,224 

122,988 

53,908 

Loans receivable, net 

882,435 

819,524 

812,718 

772,782 

612,964 

Deposits 

1,125,430 

1,055,346 

995,907 

881,893 

727,060 

Borrowings and subordinated debt 

145,730 

106,661 

121,450 

108,253 

133,628 

Shareholders' equity 

111,582 

110,633 

97,722 

90,669 

64,459 

For the Year 

Total interest income 

51,098 

45,827 

42,507 

41,758 

34,810 

Total interest expense 

9,695 

7,532 

10,864 

13,528 

9,044 

Net interest income 

41,403 

38,295 

31,643 

28,230 

25,766 

Provision for loan losses 

2,754 

1,022 

4,707 

1,966 

1,497 

Net interest income after provision for loan losses 

38,649 

37,273 

26,936 

26,264 

24,269 

Total noninterest income 

5,914 

6,231 

6,485 

4,917 

3,835 

Total noninterest expense 

28,874 

27,495 

25,080 

25,730 

23,549 

Income before income taxes 

15,689 

16,009 

8,341 

5,451 

4,555 

Income tax expense 

2,656 

3,499 

1,295 

1,165 

546 

Net income (loss) attributable to noncontrolling interest 

101 

103 

96 

10 

(22) 

Net income attributable to Pathfinder Bancorp, Inc. 

12,932 

12,407 

6,950 

4,276 

4,031 

Convertible preferred stock dividends 

- 

97 

291 

208 

- 

Warrant dividends 

45 

35 

30 

23 

- 

Undistributed earnings allocated to participating securities 

2,666 

2,699 

1,224 

467 

- 

Net income available to common shareholders 

10,221 

9,576 

5,405 

3,578 

4,031 

Per Share 

Income per share - basic 

2.13 

2.07 

1.17 

0.80 

0.97 

Income per share - diluted 

2.13 

2.07 

1.17 

0.80 

0.94 

Book value per common share 

18.40 

18.43 

17.56 

15.94 

14.72 

Tangible book value per common share (a) 

17.63 

17.66 

16.53 

14.95 

13.65 

Cash dividends declared 

0.36 

0.28 

0.24 

0.24 

0.24 

Performance Ratios 

Return on average assets 

0.96 

0.98 

0.60 

0.43 

0.45 

Return on average equity 

11.77 

11.91 

7.43 

5.34 

6.33 

Average equity to average assets 

8.17 

8.26 

8.02 

7.97 

7.09 

Shareholders' Equity to total assets at end of year 

7.93 

8.58 

7.94 

8.27 

6.88 

Net interest rate spread 

3.05 

3.06 

2.68 

2.73 

2.85 

Net interest margin 

3.24 

3.21 

2.88 

2.98 

3.02 

Average interest-earning assets to average interest-bearing liabilities 

124.03 

124.61 

120.49 

116.84 

116.52 

Noninterest expense to average assets 

2.15 

2.18 

2.15 

2.56 

2.62 

Efficiency ratio (a) (b) 

61.11 

63.07 

68.71 

78.75 

79.04 

Dividend payout ratio 

20.87 

16.17 

20.39 

30.21 

24.93 

Return on average common equity 

11.77 

11.91 

8.92 

6.02 

6.33 

- 35 - 

At December 31, 

2022 

2021 

2020 

2019 

2018 

Asset Quality Ratios 

Nonperforming loans to year end loans 

1.00 

1.00 

2.58 

0.67 

0.35 

Nonperforming assets to total assets 

0.66 

0.65 

1.74 

0.49 

0.36 

Allowance for loan losses to year end loans 

1.71 

1.57 

1.55 

1.11 

1.18 

Allowance for loan losses to nonperforming loans 

169.93 

155.99 

59.89 

165.25 

340.13 

Regulatory Capital Ratios (Bank Only) 

Total capital (to risk-weighted assets) 

15.14 

15.19 

13.13 

12.28 

13.69 

Tier 1 capital (to risk-weighted assets) 

13.88 

13.94 

11.87 

11.16 

12.49 

Tier 1 capital (to adjusted assets) 

9.67 

9.52 

8.63 

8.20 

8.31 

Tier 1 Common Equity (to risk-weighted assets) 

13.88 

13.94 

11.87 

11.16 

12.49 

Number of: 

Banking offices 

12 

11 

11 

11 

11 

Fulltime equivalent employees 
 
 160 

161 

176 

157 

160 

(a) See table below for reconciliation of the non-GAAP financial measures. 

(b) The efficiency ratio is calculated as noninterest expense divided by the sum of net interest income and noninterest income, excluding net gains on sales, redemptions and impairment of investment securities and net gains (losses) on sales of loans and foreclosed real estate. 

NON-GAAP FINANCIAL INFORMATION 
 
 Regulation G, a rule adopted by the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC), applies to certain SEC filings, including earnings releases, made by registered companies that contain non-GAAP financial measures. GAAP is generally accepted accounting principles in the United States of America. Under Regulation G, companies making public disclosures containing non-GAAP financial measures must also disclose, along with each non-GAAP financial measure, certain additional information, including a reconciliation of the non-GAAP financial measure to the closest comparable GAAP financial measure (if a comparable GAAP measure exists) and a statement of the Company s reasons for utilizing the non-GAAP financial measure as part of its financial disclosures. The SEC has exempted from the definition of non-GAAP financial measures certain commonly used financial measures that are not based on GAAP. When these exempted measures are included in public disclosures, supplemental information is not required. Financial institutions, like the Company and its subsidiary bank, are subject to an array of bank regulatory capital measures that are financial in nature but are not based on GAAP and are not easily reconcilable to the closest comparable GAAP financial measures, even in those cases where a comparable measure exists. The Company follows industry practice in disclosing its financial condition under these various regulatory capital measures, including period-end regulatory capital ratios for its subsidiary bank, in its periodic reports filed with the SEC, and does so without compliance with Regulation G, on the widely-shared assumption that the SEC regards such non-GAAP measures to be exempt from Regulation G. The Company uses in this regulatory filing additional non-GAAP financial measures that are commonly utilized by financial institutions and have not been specifically exempted by the SEC from Regulation G. The Company provides, as supplemental information, such non-GAAP measures included in this document as described immediately below. 
 
 - 36 - 

At or for the years ended December 31, 

(In thousands, except per share amounts) 
 2022 

2021 

2020 

2019 

2018 

Per Share 

Book value per common share 

Total Pathfinder Bancorp, Inc. shareholders' equity (book value) (GAAP) 
 
 110,997 

110,287 

97,456 

90,434 

64,221 

Preferred stock 
 
 - 

- 

17,901 

15,370 

- 

Total shares outstanding 
 
 6,032 

5,983 

4,531 

4,709 

4,362 

Book value per common share 
 
 18.40 

18.43 

17.56 

15.94 

14.72 

Total common equity 

Total equity (GAAP) 
 
 110,997 

110,287 

79,555 

75,064 

64,221 

Goodwill 
 
 4,536 

4,536 

4,536 

4,536 

4,536 

Intangible assets 
 
 101 

117 

133 

149 

165 

Tangible common equity 
 
 106,360 

105,634 

74,886 

70,379 

59,520 

Tangible book value per common share 

Tangible common equity 
 
 106,360 

105,634 

74,886 

70,379 

59,520 

Total shares outstanding 
 
 6,032 

5,983 

4,531 

4,709 

4,362 

Tangible book value per common share 
 
 17.63 

17.66 

16.53 

14.95 

13.65 

Performance Ratios 

Efficiency ratio 

Operating expenses (numerator) 
 
 28,874 

27,495 

25,080 

25,730 

23,549 

Net interest income 
 
 41,403 

38,295 

31,643 

28,230 

25,766 

Noninterest income 
 
 5,914 

6,231 

6,485 

4,917 

3,835 

Less: (Losses)/Gains on the sale/redemption of investment securities, fixed assets, loans, and foreclosed real estate 
 
 (282) 

551 

2,255 

393 

(132) 

Less : Gains/(Losses) on marketable securities 
 
 352 

382 

(629) 

81 

(62) 

Denominator 
 
 47,247 

43,593 

36,502 

32,673 

29,795 

Efficiency ratio 
 
 61.11 

63.07 

68.71 

78.75 

79.04 

Dividend payout ratio 

Dividends declared (numerator) 
 
 2,143 

1,548 

1,102 

1,081 

1,005 

Net income available to common shareholders (denominator) 
 
 10,221 

9,576 

5,405 

3,578 

4,031 

Dividend payout ratio 
 
 20.97 

16.17 

20.39 

30.21 

24.93 

Return on average common equity 

Net income attributable to Pathfinder Bancorp Inc. (GAAP) (numerator) 
 
 12,932 

12,407 

6,950 

4,276 

4,031 

Average equity 
 
 109,898 

104,131 

93,586 

80,136 

63,667 

Average preferred stock 
 
 - 

- 

15,709 

9,074 

- 

Denominator 
 
 109,898 

104,131 

77,877 

71,062 

63,667 

Return on average common equity 
 
 11.77 

11.91 

8.92 

6.02 

6.33 

- 37 - 

At or for the years ended December 31, 

(In thousands, except per share amounts) 
 2022 

2021 

2020 

2019 

2018 

Regulatory Capital Ratios (Bank Only) 

Total capital (to risk-weighted assets) 

Total equity (GAAP) 
 
 126,148 

121,896 

106,720 

88,138 

74,530 

Goodwill 
 
 (4,536) 

(4,536) 

(4,536) 

(4,536) 

(4,536) 

Intangible assets 
 
 (101) 

(117) 

(133) 

(149) 

(165) 

Addback: Accumulated other comprehensive income 
 
 12,172 

1,268 

2,236 

2,971 

6,042 

Total Tier 1 Capital 
 
 133,683 

118,511 

104,287 

86,424 

75,871 

Allowance for loan and lease losses 
 
 12,076 

10,655 

11,002 

8,669 

7,306 

Unrealized Gain on available-for-sale securities 
 
 - 

- 

- 

- 

- 

Total Tier 2 Capital 
 
 12,076 

10,655 

11,002 

8,669 

7,306 

Total Tier 1 plus Tier 2 Capital (numerator) 
 
 145,759 

129,166 

115,289 

95,093 

83,177 

Risk-weighted assets (denominator) 
 
 962,861 

850,157 

878,380 

774,177 

607,414 

Total core capital to risk-weighted assets 
 
 15.14 

15.19 

13.13 

12.28 

13.69 

Tier 1 capital (to risk-weighted assets) 

Total Tier 1 capital (numerator) 
 
 133,683 

118,511 

104,287 

86,424 

75,871 

Risk-weighted assets (denominator) 
 
 962,861 

850,157 

878,380 

774,177 

607,414 

Total capital to risk-weighted assets 
 
 13.88 

13.94 

11.87 

11.16 

12.49 

Tier 1 capital (to adjusted assets) 

Total Tier 1 capital (numerator) 
 
 133,683 

118,511 

104,287 

86,424 

75,871 

Total average assets 
 
 1,387,480 

1,249,752 

1,212,512 

1,059,060 

917,740 

Goodwill 
 
 (4,536) 

(4,536) 

(4,536) 

(4,536) 

(4,536) 

Intangible assets 
 
 (101) 

(117) 

(133) 

(149) 

(165) 

Adjusted assets (denominator) 
 
 1,382,843 

1,245,099 

1,207,843 

1,054,375 

913,039 

Total capital to adjusted assets 
 
 9.67 

9.52 

8.63 

8.20 

8.31 

Tier 1 Common Equity (to risk-weighted assets) 

Total Tier 1 capital (numerator) 
 
 133,683 

118,511 

104,287 

86,424 

75,871 

Risk-weighted assets (denominator) 
 
 962,861 

850,157 

878,380 

774,177 

607,414 

Total Tier 1 Common Equity to risk-weighted assets 
 
 13.88 

13.94 

11.87 

11.16 

12.49 

Paycheck Protection Program PPP 
 The Bank participated in all rounds of the PPP funded by the U.S. Treasury Department and administered by the SBA pursuant to the CARES Act and subsequent legislation. PPP loans have an interest rate of 1.0 and a two-year or five-year loan term to maturity. The SBA guarantees 100 of the PPP loans made to eligible borrowers. The entire principal amount of the borrower s PPP loan, including any accrued interest, is eligible to be reduced by the loan forgiveness amount under the PPP so long as employee and compensation levels of the business are maintained and the loan proceeds are used for qualifying expenses. The PPP ended in May 2021. Information related to the Company s PPP loans are included in the following tables: 

Unaudited 
 
 For the years ended 

(In thousands, except number of loans) 
 
 December 31, 2022 

December 31, 2021 

Number of PPP loans originated in the year 

- 

478 

Funded balance of PPP loans originated in the year 

- 

36,369 

Number of PPP loans forgiven in the year 
 
 251 

796 

Balance of PPP loans forgiven in the year 

13,091 

77,054 

Deferred PPP fee income recognized in the year 

707 

2,150 

(In thousands) 
 
 December 31, 2022 

December 31, 2021 

Unearned PPP deferred fee income at end of year 

12 

716 

(In thousands, except number of loans) 
 
 Number 

Balance 

Total PPP loans originated since inception 

1,177 

111,721 

Total PPP loans forgiven since inception 

1,172 

111,518 

Total PPP loans remaining at December 31, 2022 

5 

203 

- 38 - 

CRITICAL ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES 
 The Company's consolidated financial statements are prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States and follow practices within the banking industry. Application of these principles requires management to make estimates, assumptions and judgments that affect the amounts reported in the consolidated financial statements and accompanying notes. These estimates, assumptions and judgments are based on information available as of the date of the financial statements; accordingly, as this information changes, the financial statements could reflect different estimates, assumptions and judgments. Certain policies inherently have a greater reliance on the use of estimates, assumptions and judgments and as such have a greater possibility of producing results that could be materially different than originally reported. Estimates, assumptions and judgments are necessary when assets and liabilities are required to be recorded at fair value or when an asset or liability needs to be recorded contingent upon a future event. Carrying assets and liabilities at fair value inherently results in more financial statement volatility. The fair values, and information used to record valuation adjustments for certain assets and liabilities, are based on quoted market prices or are provided by other third-party sources, when available. When third party information is not available, valuation adjustments are estimated in good faith by management. 
 The most significant accounting policies followed by the Company are presented in Note 1 to the consolidated financial statements. These policies, along with the disclosures presented in the other financial statement notes and in this discussion, provide information on how significant assets and liabilities are valued in the consolidated financial statements and how those values are determined. Based on the valuation techniques used and the sensitivity of financial statement amounts to the methods, assumptions, and estimates underlying those amounts, management has identified the allowance for loan losses, deferred income tax assets and liabilities, pension obligations, the evaluation of investment securities for other than temporary impairment, the annual evaluation of the Company s goodwill for possible impairment, and the estimation of fair values for accounting and disclosure purposes to be the accounting areas that require the most subjective and complex judgments. These areas could be the most subject to revision as new information becomes available. 
 Allowance for Loan Losses. The allowance for loan losses represents management's estimate of probable loan losses inherent in the loan portfolio. Determining the amount of the allowance for loan losses is considered a critical accounting estimate because it requires significant judgment on the use of estimates related to the amount and timing of expected future cash flows on impaired loans, estimated losses on pools of homogeneous loans based on historical loss experience, and environmental factors, all of which may be susceptible to significant change. The Company establishes a specific allowance for all commercial loans in excess of the total related credit threshold of 100,000 and single borrower residential mortgage loans in excess of the total related credit threshold of 300,000 identified as being impaired which are on nonaccrual and have been risk rated under the Company s risk rating system as substandard, doubtful, or loss. The Company also establishes a specific allowance, regardless of the size of the loan, for all loans subject to a troubled debt restructuring agreement. In addition, an accruing substandard loan could be identified as being impaired. The measurement of impaired loans is generally based upon the present value of future cash flows discounted at the historical effective interest rate, except that all collateral-dependent loans are measured for impairment based on the fair value of the collateral, less costs to sell. At December 31, 2022, the Bank s position in impaired loans consisted of 81 loans totaling 20.2 million. Of these loans, 15 loans, totaling 1.5 million, were valued using the present value of future cash flows method; and 66 loans, totaling 18.7 million, were valued based on a collateral analysis. For all other loans, the Company uses the general allocation methodology that establishes an allowance to estimate the probable incurred loss for each risk-rating category. Note 1 to the consolidated financial statements describes the methodology used to determine the allowance for loan losses and a discussion of the factors driving changes in the amount of the allowance for loan losses is included in this report. 
 As noted above, the allowance for loan and lease losses ALLL represents management s estimate of probable incurred losses in the Bank s loan portfolio. Determining the amount of the ALLL requires significant judgment on the part of management and the use of estimates related to the amount and timing of expected future cash flows on impaired loans, estimated losses on pools of homogeneous loans based on historical loss experience, consideration of current economic trends and conditions, and other qualitative and quantitative factors, all of which may be susceptible to significant change. Qualitative loss factors are applied to each portfolio segment with the amounts determined by historical loan charge-offs of a peer group of similar-sized regional banks. It is difficult to estimate how potential changes in any one economic factor or input might affect the overall allowance because a wide variety of factors and inputs are considered in estimating the allowance and changes in those factors and inputs considered may not occur at the same rate and may not be consistent across all product types. Additionally, changes in factors and inputs may be directionally inconsistent, such that improvement in one factor may offset deterioration in others. 
 
 In estimating the ALLL on loans, management considers the sensitivity of the model and significant judgments and assumptions that could result in an amount that is materially different from management s estimate. At December 31, 2022, the Bank held 508.5 million in commercial real estate and commercial industrial loans (collectively, commercial loans) representing 56.6 of the Bank s entire loan portfolio. The Bank allocated 12.8 million to the ALLL for these loans, including 7.9 million derived from the use of qualitative factors in the calculation. Given the concentration of ALLL allocation to the total commercial loan portfolio and the significant judgments made by management in deriving the qualitative loss factors, management considers the impact that changes in judgments could have on the ALLL. The ALLL could increase (or decrease) by approximately 2.0 million, assuming a 25 negative (or positive) change within the group of qualitative factors used to determine the ALLL for commercial loans. The sensitivity and related range of 
 - 39 - 

impacts for various judgments on the ALLL is a hypothetical analysis and is used to determine management s judgments or assumptions of qualitative loss factors that were utilized at December 31, 2022 in the final recorded estimation of the ALLL on loans recognized on the Statement of Financial Condition. 
 
 If the assumptions underlying the determination of the ALLL prove to be incorrect, the ALLL may not be sufficient to cover actual loan losses and an increase to the ALLL may be necessary in future periods to allow for different assumptions or adverse developments. In addition, future problems with one or more specifically-identified loans or one or more specifically-identified borrower relationships could require a significant increase to the ALLL. 
 
 Management s methodology and policy in determining the allowance for loan losses can be found in Note 1 to the consolidated financial statements included in Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. The activity in the allowance for loan losses is depicted in supporting tables in Note 6 to the consolidated financial statements included in Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 
 In June 2016, the FASB issued Accounting Standards Update (ASU) 2016-13, Financial Instruments - Credit Losses (Topic 326): Measurement of Credit Losses on Financial Instruments. The standard s stated main goal is to improve financial reporting by requiring earlier recognition of credit losses on financing receivables (such as loans) and other financial assets in scope. The ASU requires entities to measure credit losses on most financial assets carried at amortized costs and certain other instruments using an expected credit loss model. Banks in the United States above 5.0 billion in assets generally adopted this new way of measuring loan losses called the Current Expected Credit Loss CECL model in 2020, with smaller public and private banks, such as Pathfinder, required to convert to this method in fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2022. The Company computed its Allowance for Loan Losses at December 31, 2022 using a methodology called the Incurred Loss Model ILM ), which remained applicable GAAP at that date. ILM (current GAAP) assumes that all loans will be repaid until evidence to the contrary (known as a loss or trigger event) is identified. Only at that point is the impaired loan (or portfolio of loans) written down to a lower value. CECL requires that an estimate of loss for the entire life cycle of each asset with credit loss exposure be recorded at the funding date of that asset as a component of the reported Allowance for Credit Losses. For additional information regarding current expected credit losses, see Notes 2 and 6 to the consolidated financial statements. 
 
 The three major differences between CECL and ILM are: (1) CECL requires that reserves for the full, expected life of any asset with credit loss exposure be established at the funding date of the asset. The reserve must consider all expected credit and credit-related losses in aggregate to the asset's maturity (including prepayment projections) using a methodology that both a.) requires an evaluation of the Bank s segmented internal credit dynamics (historical loss rate, underwriting standards, etc.); and b.) requires evaluations of the macroeconomic environment at funding and at the end of each subsequent reporting period; (2) CECL requires that a broader array of assets, in addition to outstanding loans, must be included in the CECL calculation than were includable under the ILM model; and (3) CECL requires substantially enhanced documentation and underlying assumption, input and calculation support, due to its more extensive modeling assumptions and inputs, as well as its more complex calculations, than were previously considered necessary under ILM. 
 
 Beginning on January 1, 2023, the Bank will have to account for all credit loss exposures using this CECL methodology. A nonrecurring adjustment from ILM to CECL was made on January 1, 2023, increasing the ALLL at December 31, 2022 by 2.2 million in determining the beginning ACL for the quarter ended March 31, 2023. This transition adjustment was booked to retained earnings in the first quarter of 2023 and therefore will be a subtraction from tangible book value TBV ), after tax effects of approximately 1.7 million. 
 
 Deferred Income Tax Assets and Liabilities . Deferred income tax assets and liabilities are determined using the liability method. Under this method, the net deferred tax asset or liability is recognized for the future tax consequences. This is attributable to the differences between the financial statement carrying amounts of existing assets and liabilities and their respective tax bases as well as net operating and capital loss carry forwards. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured using enacted tax rates applied to taxable income in the years in which those temporary differences are expected to be recovered or settled. The effect on deferred tax assets and liabilities from a change in tax rates is recognized in income tax expense in the period that includes the enactment date. If current available evidence about the future raises doubt about the likelihood of a deferred tax asset being realized, a valuation allowance is established. The judgment about the level of future taxable income, including that which is considered capital, is inherently subjective and is reviewed on a continual basis as regulatory and business factors change. For additional information regarding the Company's deferred income taxes, see Note 17 to the consolidated financial statements. 
 Pension Obligations. Pension and postretirement benefit plan liabilities and expenses are based upon actuarial assumptions of future events, including fair value of plan assets, interest rates, and the length of time the Company will have to provide those benefits. The assumptions used by management are discussed in Note 14 to the consolidated financial statements contained herein. 
 Evaluation of Investment Securities for Other-Than-Temporary-Impairment OTTI ). The Company carries all of its available-for-sale investments at fair value with any unrealized gains or losses reported net of tax as an adjustment to shareholders' equity and included 
 - 40 - 

in accumulated other comprehensive income (loss), except for the credit-related portion of debt security impairment losses and OTTI of equity securities which are charged to earnings. The Company's ability to fully realize the value of its investments in various securities, including corporate debt securities, is dependent on the underlying creditworthiness of the issuing organization. In evaluating the debt security (both available-for-sale and held-to-maturity) portfolio for other-than-temporary impairment losses, management considers (1) if we intend to sell the security before recovery of its amortized cost; (2) if it is more likely than not we will be required to sell the security before recovery of its amortized cost basis; or (3) if the present value of expected cash flows is not sufficient to recover the entire amortized cost basis. When the fair value of a held-to-maturity or available-for-sale security is less than its amortized cost basis, an assessment is made as to whether OTTI is present. The Company considers numerous factors when determining whether a potential OTTI exists and the period over which the debt security is expected to recover. The principal factors considered are (1) the length of time and the extent to which the fair value has been less than the amortized cost basis, (2) the financial condition of the issuer and (guarantor, if any) and adverse conditions specifically related to the security, industry or geographic area, (3) failure of the issuer of the security to make scheduled interest or principal payments, (4) any changes to the rating of the security by a rating agency, and (5) the presence of credit enhancements, if any, including the guarantee of the federal government or any of its agencies. 
 Evaluation of Goodwill . Management performs an annual evaluation of the Company s goodwill for possible impairment. Based on the results of the 2022 evaluation, management has determined that the carrying value of goodwill is not impaired as of December 31, 2022. The evaluation approach is described in Note 10 of the consolidated financial statements contained herein. 
 Estimation of Fair Value. The estimation of fair value is significant to several of our assets; including investment securities available-for-sale, interest rate derivative (discussed in detail in Note 22 of the consolidated financial statements), intangible assets, foreclosed real estate, and the value of loan collateral when valuing loans. These are all recorded at either fair value, or the lower of cost or fair value. Fair values are determined based on third party sources, when available. Furthermore, accounting principles generally accepted in the United States require disclosure of the fair value of financial instruments as a part of the notes to the consolidated financial statements. Fair values on our available-for-sale securities may be influenced by a number of factors; including market interest rates, prepayment speeds, discount rates, and the shape of yield curves. 
 Fair values for securities available-for-sale are obtained from an independent third party pricing service. Where available, fair values are based on quoted prices on a nationally recognized securities exchange. If quoted prices are not available, fair values are measured using quoted market prices for similar benchmark securities. Management made no adjustments to the fair value quotes that were provided by the pricing source. The fair values of foreclosed real estate and the underlying collateral value of impaired loans are typically determined based on evaluations by third parties, less estimated costs to sell. When necessary, appraisals are updated to reflect changes in market conditions. 
 RECENT EVENTS 
 On December 23, 2022, the Company announced that its Board of Directors had declared a cash dividend of 0.09 per share on the Company s voting common and non-voting common stock, and a cash dividend of 0.09 per notional share for the issued Warrant relating to the fiscal quarter ended December 31, 2022. The dividend was paid on February 10, 2023 to shareholders of record on January 17, 2023. 
 EXECUTIVE SUMMARY AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
 The Company's total assets were 1.40 billion at December 31, 2022 as compared to 1.29 billion at December 31, 2021. The increase in total assets of 114.7 million, or 8.9 , was primarily the result of a 62.9 million increase in net loans receivable and a 33.5 million increase in held-to-maturity securities. All other assets, excluding cash and cash equivalents, increased by a net of 20.2 million. Cash and cash equivalents decreased by 1.9 million. The increase in total assets in 2022 was funded largely by a 70.1 million increase in deposits, specifically a 90.8 million increase in brokered deposits, partially offset by a 20.7 million decrease in customer deposits. 
 
 The Company reported net income of 12.9 million for 2022, an increase of 525,000, or 4.2 , as compared to net income of 12.4 million for 2021. Net income increased during 2022, as compared to the previous year, due to an increase in net interest income before the provision for loan losses of 3.1 million, and a decrease in income tax expense of 843,000. These increases were partially offset by a 1.7 million increase in provision for loan losses and a decrease in noninterest income of 317,000, combined with an increase in noninterest expenses for the year ended December 31, 2022 of 1.4 million. Basic and diluted earnings per share in 2022 were both 2.13 per share, as compared to 2.07 per share in 2021. Return on average assets decreased two basis points to 0.96 in 2022 from 0.98 in 2021. Return on average equity decreased 14 basis points to 11.77 in 2022 as compared to 11.91 in 2021. The decrease in return on average assets in 2022, as compared to the previous year, was primarily due to the increase in average asset growth outpacing the increase in net income. Average assets increased in 2022 by 84.4 million, or 6.7 , as the Company grew its total assets from 1.29 billion at December 31, 2021 to 1.40 billion at December 31, 2022. The decrease in return on average equity in 2022, as compared to the previous year, was primarily due to the increased growth in average equity outpacing the increase in net income. 
 - 41 - 

Net interest income, before provision for loan losses, increased 3.1 million, or 8.1 , to 41.4 million in 2022 on average interest earning assets of 1.28 billion, as compared to net interest income before provision for loan losses of 38.3 million in 2021 on average interest earning assets of 1.19 billion. Interest and dividend income increased 5.3 million in 2022 to 51.1 million, as compared to 45.8 million in 2021. The aggregate increase in the average balance of interest-earning assets of 87.4 million was partially enhanced by an increase of 14 basis points in the overall average yield earned on those assets. The 5.3 million increase in interest and dividend income was partially offset by an increase in interest expense of 2.2 million due to an increase in the average rate paid on interest-bearing liabilities of 15 basis points in 2022 as compared to 2021, enhanced by an increase in the average balance of interest-bearing liabilities of 75 million during the same time period. 
 
 The Company recorded a provision for loan losses of 2.8 million in 2022 as compared to 1.0 million in the prior year. The 1.8 million year-over-year increase in provision for loan losses was primarily due to the downgrading of a limited number of relatively large commercial real estate and commercial loan relationships. Additionally, the provision for loan losses in 2022 reflected an increase in nonperforming loans of 723,000 at December 31, 2022, as compared to December 31, 2021. In addition, the provision for loan losses increased in 2022, as compared to the previous year, by an increase in outstanding loan balances of 65.3 million, or 7.8 , in 2022 as compared to 2021. The Company recorded 370,000 in net charge-offs in 2022 as compared to 866,000 in 2021. The ratio of net charge-offs to average loans therefore decreased to 0.04 in 2022 from 0.10 in 2021. 
 
 Total noninterest income was 5.9 million in 2022, a decrease of 317,000, or 5.1 , from 6.2 million in 2021. This decrease was due in part from a 451,000 increase in net losses on sale of premises and equipment, a 206,000 increase in net losses on sales and redemptions of investment securities, and a 176,000 decrease in net gains on sales of loans and foreclosed real estate when compared to the prior year. The increased losses in net premises and equipment resulted primarily from a 379,000 impairment write down on a property that was reclassed from net premises and equipment to assets held for sale, see Note 25 to the consolidated financial statements. The decrease in net gains on sales of loans and foreclosed real estate was primarily due to twenty one fewer loans being sold into the secondary market in 2022 as compared to 2021. These decreases were partially offset by a gain on the sale of foreclosed real estate held by our subsidiary Whispering Oaks. 
 
 Noninterest income before recorded gains (losses), increased 546,000, or 10.3 , to 5.8 million in 2022 as compared to 5.3 million in 2021. The 713,000 increase in other charges, commissions and fees was primarily due to the receipt of Federal and New York historical tax credits in connection with the restoration of the newly opened Southwest Corridor branch of 521,000 and realized hedge income of 176,000 recorded in March of 2022. The 117,000 year-over-year increase in loan servicing fees was primarily due to increased fee collections in 2022. Fee collections of this type are generally related to commercial mortgage and commercial real estate loan activity and will vary from year to year based on a number of factors including the level of fee waivers and other concessions offered to customers as a part of refinancing negotiations. These increases were partially offset by a 338,000 decrease in services charges on deposit accounts when compared to the prior year. 
 
 Since 2016, the Company held a passive equity investment, acquired for 534,000, in an otherwise unaffiliated financial institution. The issuer of that originally-purchased common stock was acquired in June 2020 by another financial institution (the acquiring bank). Upon the closing of the transaction, the acquisition resulted in the Company receiving total cash and stock compensation of 911,000 for its equity investment, based on the closing stock price of the acquiring bank on June 30, 2020. As a result, during the second quarter of 2020, the Company recorded a net gain on sales and redemptions of investment securities of 115,000 and a gain on equity securities of 438,000. The Company retained its shares of the acquiring bank, valued at 677,000 at December 31, 2021. The investment was sold in its entirety in May of 2022. As a result of this sale, the Company recorded a net loss of 15,000 in 2022. 
 
 Net loan charge-offs to average loans were 0.04 for 2022, as compared to 0.10 for 2021. Nonperforming loans to total loans remained at 1.00 at December 31, 2022, compared to December 31, 2021. The allowance for loan losses to non-performing loans at December 31, 2022 was 169.93 , compared with 155.99 at December 31, 2021. Total nonperforming assets increased 944,000, or 11.4 , between December 31, 2021 and December 31, 2022, driven by an increase of 221,000 in foreclosed real estate, increases of 1.1 million and 221,000 in nonperforming consumer and residential real estate loans respectively, partially offset by a decrease of 577,000 in commercial and commercial real estate loans. 
 
 Management monitors its loan portfolio closely and has incorporated our current estimate of the ultimate collectability of all loans into the reported allowance for loan losses at December 31, 2022. Overall the ratio of the allowance for loan losses to year end loans increased to 1.71 at December 31, 2022 from 1.57 at December 31, 2021. 
 
 Total past due loans measured as a percent of total loans, increased from 2.14 at December 31, 2021 to 3.21 at December 31, 2022, primarily due to an increase of 6.4 million in past due commercial loans, a 3.8 million increase in past due consumer loans, and a 911,000 increase in past due residential loans. The level of nonperforming loans increased in aggregate by 723,000 led by an increase of 1.1 million in consumer loans, a 221,000 increase in residential mortgage loans, partially offset by a 577,000 decrease in 
 - 42 - 

commercial and commercial real estate loans. Commensurate with the increase in nonperforming loans to year end loans, the ratio of nonperforming assets to total assets increased to 0.66 at December 31, 2022 from 0.65 at December 31, 2021. 
 The Company s shareholders equity increased 710,000, or 0.6 , to 111.0 million at December 31, 2022 from 110.3 million at December 31, 2021. This increase was primarily due to a 10.4 million increase in retained earnings, a 1.1 million increase in additional paid in capital and a 180,000 increase in ESOP shares earned. Comprehensive loss increased by 10.9 million, primarily as the result of unrealized losses on available for sale securities and retirement plans, partially offset by gains on derivatives and hedging activities during 2022. The increase in retained earnings resulted from 12.9 million in net income recorded in 2022. Partially offsetting this increase in retained earnings were 1.6 million for cash dividends declared on our voting common stock, 497,000 for cash dividends on our non-voting common stock, 45,000 for cash dividends declared on our issued warrant, and 368,000 for cumulative effect of affiliate capital allocation. 
 Net Interest Income 
 Net interest income is the Company's primary source of operating income. It is the amount by which interest earned on interest-earning deposits, loans and investment securities exceeds the interest paid on deposits and borrowed money. Changes in net interest income and the net interest margin ratio resulted from the interaction between the volume and composition of interest-earning assets, interest-bearing liabilities, and their respective yields and funding costs. 
 The following comments refer to the table of Average Balances and Rates and the Rate/Volume Analysis, both of which follow below. 
 Net interest income, before provision for loan losses, increased 3.1 million, or 8.12 , to 41.4 million in 2022 as compared to 38.3 million in the previous year. Our net interest margin for the year ended December 31, 2022 increased to 3.24 from 3.21 for the comparable prior year. The increase in net interest income was primarily due to a 5.2 million, or 11.5 , increase in interest and dividend income in 2022 to 51.1 million primarily as a result of the 87.4 million, or 7.34 , increase in the average balance of interest-earning assets and an increase in the average yield of interest-earning assets of 14 basis points. This increase in net interest income was partially offset by an increase in interest expense of 2.2 million, or 28.7 , during 2022, as compared to the previous year. The increase in interest expense was primarily due to an increase in the balance of average interest-bearing liabilities of 75.0 million and an increase in the average cost of interest-bearing liabilities of 15 basis points. 
 
 - 43 - 

Average Balances and Rates 
 The following table sets forth information concerning average interest-earning assets and interest-bearing liabilities and the yields and rates thereon. Interest income and resultant yield information in the table has not been adjusted for tax equivalency. Averages are computed on the daily average balance for each month in the period divided by the number of days in the period. Yields and amounts earned include loan fees. Nonaccrual loans have been included in interest-earning assets for purposes of these calculations. 

For the years ended December 31, 

2022 

2021 

Average 

Average 

Unaudited 
 
 Average 

Yield / 

Average 

Yield / 

(Dollars in thousands) 
 
 Balance 

Interest 

Cost 

Balance 

Interest 

Cost 

Interest-earning assets: 

Loans 

869,591 

38,322 

4.41 

833,308 

37,026 

4.44 

Taxable investment securities 

351,898 

11,454 

3.25 

313,392 

8,576 

2.74 

Tax-exempt investment securities 

38,456 

1,173 

3.05 

16,191 

216 

1.33 

Fed funds sold and interest-earning deposits 

19,134 

149 

0.78 

28,765 

9 

0.03 

Total interest-earning assets 

1,279,079 

51,098 

3.99 

1,191,656 

45,827 

3.85 

Noninterest-earning assets: 

Other assets 

89,391 

82,130 

Allowance for loan losses 

(13,196) 

(13,992) 

Net unrealized (losses) gains on available-for-sale securities 

(9,580) 

1,482 

Total assets 

1,345,694 

1,261,276 

Interest-bearing liabilities: 

NOW accounts 

102,223 

319 

0.31 

93,950 

286 

0.30 

Money management accounts 

16,201 

18 

0.11 

15,916 

17 

0.11 

MMDA accounts 

260,594 

1,941 

0.74 

245,329 

990 

0.40 

Savings and club accounts 

138,954 

210 

0.15 

122,275 

159 

0.13 

Time deposits 

412,536 

4,584 

1.11 

366,724 

3,262 

0.89 

Subordinated debt 

29,639 

1,749 

5.90 

32,736 

1,790 

5.47 

Borrowings 

71,152 

874 

1.23 

79,362 

1,028 

1.30 

Total interest-bearing liabilities 

1,031,299 

9,695 

0.94 

956,292 

7,532 

0.79 

Noninterest-bearing liabilities: 

Demand deposits 

192,106 

189,434 

Other liabilities 

12,391 

11,419 

Total liabilities 

1,235,796 

1,157,145 

Shareholders' equity 

109,898 

104,131 

Total liabilities shareholders' equity 

1,345,694 

1,261,276 

Net interest income 

41,403 

38,295 

Net interest rate spread 

3.05 

3.06 

Net interest margin 

3.24 

3.21 

Ratio of average interest-earning assets to average interest-bearing liabilities 

124.03 

124.61 

- 44 - 

Rate/Volume Analysis 
 Net interest income can also be analyzed in terms of the impact of changing interest rates on interest-earning assets and interest-bearing liabilities, and changes in the volume or amount of these assets and liabilities. The following table represents the extent to which changes in interest rates and changes in the volume of interest-earning assets and interest-bearing liabilities have affected the Company s interest income and interest expense during the years indicated. Information is provided in each category with respect to: (i) changes attributable to changes in volume (change in volume multiplied by prior rate); (ii) changes attributable to changes in rate (changes in rate multiplied by prior volume); and (iii) total increase or decrease. Changes attributable to both rate and volume have been allocated ratably. Tax-exempt securities have not been adjusted for tax equivalency. 

Years Ended December 31, 

2022 vs 2021 

2021 vs 2020 

Increase/(Decrease) Due to 

Increase/(Decrease) Due to 

Total 

Total 

Increase 

Increase 

(In thousands) 
 
 Volume 

Rate 

(Decrease) 

Volume 

Rate 

(Decrease) 

Interest Income: 

Loans 

1,601 

(305) 

1,296 

1,609 

(4) 

1,605 

Taxable investment securities 

1,132 

1,746 

2,878 

1,550 

178 

1,728 

Tax-exempt investment securities 

494 

463 

957 

103 

(46) 

57 

Interest-earning deposits 

(4) 

144 

140 

(14) 

(56) 

(70) 

Total interest income 

3,223 

2,048 

5,271 

3,248 

72 

3,320 

Interest Expense: 

NOW accounts 

26 

7 

33 

33 

94 

127 

Money management accounts 

- 

1 

1 

- 

(1) 

(1) 

MMDA accounts 

65 

886 

951 

198 

(589) 

(391) 

Savings and club accounts 

23 

28 

51 

30 

32 

62 

Time deposits 

441 

881 

1,322 

(598) 

(2,597) 

(3,195) 

Subordinated debt 

(177) 

136 

(41) 

673 

16 

689 

Borrowings 

(103) 

(51) 

(154) 

(41) 

(582) 

(623) 

Total interest expense 

275 

1,888 

2,163 

295 

(3,627) 

(3,332) 

Net change in net interest income 

2,948 

160 

3,108 

2,953 

3,699 

6,652 

Interest Income 
 Changes in interest income result from changes in the average balances of loans, securities, and interest-earning deposits and the related average yields on those balances. 
 
 Interest and dividend income increased 5.3 million, or 11.5 , to 51.1 million in 2022 as compared to 45.8 million in 2021 due principally to the 87.4 million, or 7.3 , increase in average interest-earning assets. The average balance of loans increased 36.3 million, or 4.4 , in 2022, as compared to the previous year. This increase primarily reflected the Company s continued success in its expansion within the greater Syracuse market. The average yield earned on loans decreased of 0.03 in 2022, when compared to 2021. This modest decrease in loan yields was more than offset by a 36.3 million increase in the average balance of loans in 2022, therefore resulting in a 1.3 million increase in loan income recorded in 2022 as compared to 2021. The average balance of taxable investment securities increased 38.5 million, or 12.3 , when compared to the prior year. In addition, The average yields earned on taxable investment securities increased 51 basis points to 3.25 in 2022 as compared to 2.74 in 2021 as a result of the rising interest rate environment. In combination, these factors resulted in a 2.9 million increase in interest income associated with taxable investment securities in 2022, as compared to 2021. 
 Interest Expense 
 Changes in interest expense result from changes in the average balances of deposits and borrowings and the related average interest costs on those balances. Interest expense increased 2.2 million, or 28.7 , to 9.7 million in 2022, as compared to 7.5 million in the previous year. The increase in interest expense was primarily the result of an increase in interest paid on time and MMDA deposits of 1.3 million and 951,000, respectively. Increases between 2022 and 2021 in these deposits were primarily due to increases of 22 and 34 basis points on time and MMDA deposits, respectively, primarily due to the general increase in market interest rates during 2022. 
 
 - 45 - 

Provision for Loan Losses 
 We establish a provision for loan losses, which is charged to operations, at a level management believes is appropriate to absorb probable incurred credit losses in the loan portfolio. In evaluating the level of the allowance for loan losses, management considers historical loss experience, the types and amount of loans in the loan portfolio, adverse situations that may affect a borrower s ability to repay, estimated value of any underlying collateral, and prevailing economic conditions. This evaluation is inherently subjective as it requires estimates that are susceptible to significant revision as more information becomes available or as future events change. The provision for loan losses represents management s estimate of the amount necessary to maintain the allowance for loan losses at an adequate level. 
 The Company recorded a provision for loan losses of 2.8 million in 2022 as compared to 1.0 million in the prior year. The 1.8 million year-over-year increase in the provision for loan losses was primarily due to the results of a loan portfolio evaluation that indicated the need for certain downgrades of four large commercial real estate and commercial loan relationships totaling approximately 12.0 million. The provision for loan losses in 2022 reflected an increase in nonperforming loans of 723,000 at December 31, 2022 as compared to December 31, 2021. In addition, the provision for loan losses increased in 2022, as compared to the previous year, by an increase in outstanding loan balances of 65.3 million or 7.8 , in 2022 as compared to 2021. The Company recorded 370,000 in net charge-offs in 2022 as compared to 866,000 in net charge-offs in 2021. The ratio of net charge-offs to average loans therefore decreased to 0.04 in 2022 from 0.10 in 2021. 
 
 Nonperforming loans to total loans remained constant at 1.00 at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The allowance for loan losses to non-performing loans at December 31, 2022 was 169.9 , compared with 156.0 at December 31, 2021. Total nonperforming loans increased 723,000, or 8.7 , between December 31, 2021 and December 31, 2022, driven by increases of 1.1 million in consumer loans and an increase of 221,000 in residential mortgage loans, partially offset by a 577,000 decrease in commercial and commercial real estate loans. 
 Noninterest Income 
 The Company's noninterest income is primarily comprised of fees on deposit account balances and transactions, loan servicing, commissions and net gains or losses on sales of securities, loans, and foreclosed real estate. 
 The following table sets forth certain information on noninterest income for the years indicated. 

Years Ended December 31, 

(Dollars in thousands) 
 
 2022 

2021 

Change 

Service charges on deposit accounts 

1,126 

1,464 

(338) 

-23.1 

Earnings and gain on bank owned life insurance 

589 

559 

30 

5.4 

Loan servicing fees 

363 

246 

117 

47.6 

Debit card interchange fees 

867 

923 

(56) 

-6.1 

Insurance agency revenue 

1,128 

1,048 

80 

7.6 

Other charges, commissions and fees 

1,771 

1,058 

713 

67.4 

Noninterest income before (losses) gains 

5,844 

5,298 

546 

10.3 

Net (losses) gains on sales of securities, fixed assets, loans and foreclosed real estate 

(282) 

551 

(833) 

-151.2 

Gains on marketable securities 

352 

382 

(30) 

-7.9 

Total noninterest income 

5,914 

6,231 

(317) 

-5.1 

Total noninterest income was 5.9 million in 2022, a decrease of 317,000, or 5.1 , from 6.2 million in 2021. This decrease was due in part from a 451,000 increase in net losses on sale of premises and equipment, a 206,000 increase in net losses on sales and redemptions of investment securities, and a 176,000 decrease in net gains on sales of loans and foreclosed real estate when compared to the prior year. The increased losses in net premises and equipment resulted primarily from a 379,000 impairment write down on a property that was reclassed from net premises and equipment to assets held for sale. The decrease in net gains on sales of loans and foreclosed real estate was primarily due to twenty one fewer loans being sold into the secondary market in 2022 as compared to 2021. These decreases were partially offset by a gain on the sale of foreclosed real estate held by our subsidiary Whispering Oaks. The decrease in sales of loans and foreclosed real estate was primarily due to twenty one fewer newly-originated 1-4 family residential mortgages being sold into the secondary market in 2022 as compared to 2021. 
 Noninterest income before recorded gains and losses, increased 546,000, or 10.3 , to 5.8 million in 2022 as compared to 5.3 million in 2021. The 713,000 increase in other charges, commissions and fees was primarily due to the receipt of Federal and New York historical tax credits in connection with the restoration of the newly opened Southwest Corridor branch of 521,000 and realized hedge income of 176,000 recorded in March of 2022. The 117,000 year-over-year increase in loan servicing fees was primarily due to 
 - 46 - 

increased fee collections in 2022. Fee collections of this type are generally related to commercial mortgage and commercial real estate loan activity and will vary from year to year based on a number of factors including the level of fee waivers and other concessions offered to customers as a part of refinancing negotiations. These increases were partially offset by a 338,000 decrease in services charges on deposit accounts when compared to the prior year. 
 
 Since 2016, the Company held a passive equity investment, acquired for 534,000, in an otherwise unaffiliated financial institution. The issuer of that originally-purchased common stock was acquired in June 2020 by another financial institution (the acquiring bank). Upon the closing of the transaction, the acquisition resulted in the Company receiving total cash and stock compensation of 911,000 for its equity investment, based on the closing stock price of the acquiring institution on June 30, 2020. As a result, during the second quarter of 2020, the Company recorded a net gain on sales and redemptions of investment securities of 115,000 and a gain on equity securities of 438,000. The Company retained its shares of the acquiring bank, valued at 677,000 at December 31, 2021. The investment was sold in its entirety in May, 2022. As a result of this sale, the Company recorded a net loss of 15,000 in 2022. 
 
 In addition, the Company held a fixed-income investment, previously categorized as available-for-sale, which was managed since its acquisition in 2017 by an external party. In August 2021, the investment, including all interest and dividends received from its issuer since its initial purchase date had substantially reached a breakeven position on a cash flow basis and was sold in its entirety. In 2021, dividend income related to this investment and the net improvement in the fair market value of this investment, recognized through earnings, were 78,000 and 387,000, respectively. 
 Noninterest Expense 
 The following table sets forth certain information on noninterest expense for the years indicated. 

Years Ended December 31, 

(Dollars in thousands) 
 
 2022 

2021 

Change 

Salaries and employee benefits 

16,022 

14,384 

1,638 

11.4 

Building occupancy 

3,380 

3,121 

259 

8.3 

Data processing 

2,042 

2,555 

(513) 

-20.1 

Professional and other services 

1,528 

1,627 

(99) 

-6.1 

Advertising 

905 

1,198 

(293) 

-24.5 

FDIC assessments 

606 

874 

(268) 

-30.7 

Audits and exams 

688 

725 

(37) 

-5.1 

Insurance agency expense 

906 

825 

81 

9.8 

Community service activities 

267 

220 

47 

21.4 

Foreclosed real estate expenses 

78 

46 

32 

69.6 

Other expenses 

2,452 

1,920 

532 

27.7 

Total noninterest expenses 

28,874 

27,495 

1,379 

5.0 

Noninterest expense increased 1.4 million, or 5.0 , to 28.9 million in 2022 from 27.5 million in 2021. The increase in noninterest expenses in 2022, as compared to 2021, was primarily a result of an increase in salaries and employee benefits expense of 1.6 million, or 11.4 , that was primarily comprised of a 737,000, or 7.2 , increase in salaries due to the competitive market for talent, a 531,000 reduction in the level of deferred employee-related expenses related to loan origination volume declines following the cessation of the PPP, and a 370,000 increase in all other salaries and employee benefit expenses. Building and occupancy costs increased 259,000 in 2022 when compared to the prior year primarily due to the opening of the Company's new Southwest Corridor branch. The decrease of 513,000 in data processing expenses for 2022 is largely due to contract re-negotiations and timing of payments when compared to 2021. Advertising decreased 293,000 when compared to the same prior year period due to changes in management's strategic initiatives. The decrease in FDIC assessments in 2022 is primarily due to the change in fees calculated on total liabilities and insured deposits. Other expenses increased 532,000 in 2022 primarily due an increase in servicing fees for brokered deposits of 247,000, offset by mortgage recording tax refunds received in 2021 of 206,000, and 79,000 of other general expenses. 
 
 Income Tax Expense 
 The Company reported income tax expense of 2.7 million in 2022 and 3.5 million in 2021, a decrease of 800,000 when compared to the previous year. This decrease was primarily the result of anticipated federal and state historic rehabilitation credits. 
 The Company s effective tax rate was 17.5 in 2022, as compared to 22.4 in 2021. The Company s effective tax rate in 2022 was decreased from the federal statutory income tax rate of 21.0 primarily due to the effects of New York State taxation, net of federal tax benefit, partially offset by the effects of tax exempt income received in the form of interest on tax exempt loans and investment securities, historic tax credits, and the increase in the value of its bank owned life insurance. 
 - 47 - 

During 2022, the Company disposed of an equity security investment and realized a sale of real property that was held for investment, both resulting in a capital gain. These capital gains were able to fully offset prior capital loss carryforwards, thereby allowing the reversal of a valuation allowance recorded in the prior year. 
 As a Maryland business corporation, the Company is required to file an annual report with, and pay franchise taxes to, the State of Maryland. 
 See Note 17 to the consolidated financial statements for the reconciliation of the statutory tax rate to the effective tax rate. 
 Earnings Per Share 
 Basic and diluted earnings per share for the year ended December 31, 2022 were both 2.13, as compared to basic and diluted earnings per share of 2.07 for the year ended December 31, 2021. The increase in earnings per share between these two years was due to the increase in net income available to common shareholders between these two time periods. Further information on earnings per share can be found in Note 3 of this Form 10-K. 
 CHANGES IN FINANCIAL CONDITION 
 
 Total assets were 1.40 billion at December 31, 2022 as compared to 1.29 billion at December 31, 2021. The increase in total assets of 114.7 million, or 8.9 , was primarily the result of a 62.9 million increase in net loans receivable and a 33.5 million increase in held-to-maturity securities. All other assets, excluding cash and cash equivalents, increased by a net of 20.2 million. Cash and cash equivalents decreased by 1.9 million. The increase in total assets in 2022 was funded largely by a 70.1 million increase in deposits, specifically a 90.8 million increase in brokered deposits, partially offset by a 20.7 million decrease in customer deposits. 
 Investment Securities 
 The average investment portfolio represented 30.5 of the Company s average interest-earning assets in 2022 and is designed to generate a favorable rate of return in consideration of all risk factors associated with debt securities while assisting the Company in meeting its liquidity needs and interest rate risk strategies. All of the Company s investments, with the exception of marketable equity securities, are classified as either available-for-sale or held-to-maturity. The Company does not hold any trading securities. The Company invests primarily in securities issued by United States Government agencies and sponsored enterprises GSE ), mortgage-backed securities, collateralized mortgage obligations, state and municipal obligations, mutual funds, equity securities, investment grade corporate debt instruments, and common stock issued by the FHLBNY. By investing in these types of assets, the Company reduces the credit risk of its asset base through geographical and collateral-type diversification but must accept lower yields than would typically be available on loan products. Our mortgage-backed securities and collateralized mortgage obligations portfolios include privately-issued but substantially over-collateralized pass-through securities as well as pass-through securities guaranteed by Fannie Mae, Freddie Mac, or Ginnie Mae. 
 At December 31, 2022, available-for-sale investment securities increased 0.6 to 191.7 million and held-to-maturity investment securities increased 20.8 to 194.4 million as compared to December 31, 2021. There were no securities that exceeded 10 of consolidated shareholders equity. 
 Our available-for-sale investment securities are carried at fair value and our held-to-maturity investment securities are carried at amortized cost. 
 The following table sets forth the carrying value of the Company's investment portfolio at December 31: 

Available-for-Sale 

Held-to-Maturity 

(In thousands) 
 
 2022 

2021 

2020 

2022 

2021 

2020 

Investment Securities: 

US treasury, agencies and GSEs 

29,364 

32,273 

6,416 

3,852 

- 

1,000 

State and political subdivisions 

45,385 

39,199 

23,753 

15,211 

14,790 

16,482 

Corporate 

11,829 

14,127 

12,668 

45,086 

46,290 

36,441 

Asset backed securities 

15,400 

13,613 

8,607 

19,158 

14,636 

18,414 

Residential mortgage-backed - US agency 

16,400 

22,164 

25,211 

7,489 

9,740 

11,807 

Collateralized mortgage obligations - US agency 

11,708 

12,285 

26,464 

15,109 

11,362 

24,482 

Collateralized mortgage obligations - Private label 

61,434 

56,731 

24,936 

88,497 

64,105 

62,598 

Common stock - financial services industry 

206 

206 

206 

- 

- 

- 

Total investment securities 

191,726 

190,598 

128,261 

194,402 

160,923 

171,224 

- 48 - 

The following table sets forth the scheduled maturities, amortized cost, fair values and average yields for the Company's investment securities at December 31, 2022. Average yield is calculated on the amortized cost to maturity. Adjustable rate mortgage-backed securities are included in the period in which interest rates are next scheduled to be reset. 
 AVAILABLE FOR SALE 

More Than One 

More Than Five 

One Year or Less 

to Five Years 

to Ten Years 

Annualized 

Annualized 

Annualized 

Amortized 

Weighted 

Amortized 

Weighted 

Amortized 

Weighted 

(Dollars in thousands) 
 
 Cost 

Avg Yield 

Cost 

Avg Yield 

Cost 

Avg Yield 

Debt investment securities: 

US Treasury, agencies and GSEs 

- 

0.00 

- 

0.00 

30,062 

1.39 

State and political subdivisions 

449 

0.85 

523 

1.82 

- 

0.00 

Corporate 

4,619 

5.42 

4,235 

4.51 

2,005 

3.87 

Asset backed securities 

- 

0.00 

- 

0.00 

2,513 

6.02 

Total 

5,068 

5.02 

4,758 

4.21 

34,580 

1.87 

Mortgage-backed securities: 

Residential mortgage-backed - US agency 

- 

0.00 

- 

0.00 

- 

0.00 

Collateralized mortgage obligations - US agency 

- 

0.00 

2,755 

1.14 

1,780 

2.16 

Collateralized mortgage obligations - Private label 

2,006 

6.55 

16,888 

3.29 

13,302 

3.08 

Total 

2,006 

6.55 

19,643 

2.99 

15,082 

2.97 

Other non-maturity investments: 

Equity securities 

206 

0.53 

- 

0.00 

- 

0.00 

Total 

206 

0.53 

- 

0.00 

- 

0.00 

Total investment securities 

7,280 

5.31 

24,401 

3.23 

49,662 

2.20 

More Than Ten Years 

Total Investment Securities 

Annualized 

Annualized 

Amortized 

Weighted 

Amortized 

Fair 

Weighted 

(Dollars in thousands) 
 
 Cost 

Avg Yield 

Cost 

Value 

Avg Yield 

Debt investment securities: 

US Treasury, agencies and GSEs 

2,471 

4.34 

32,533 

29,364 

1.39 

State and political subdivisions 

47,030 

2.42 

48,002 

45,385 

2.42 

Corporate 

944 

5.06 

11,803 

11,829 

4.72 

Asset backed securities 

13,546 

4.81 

16,059 

15,400 

2.41 

Total 

63,991 

2.80 

108,397 

101,978 

2.39 

Mortgage-backed securities: 

Residential mortgage-backed - US agency 

17,982 

1.39 

17,982 

16,400 

0.46 

Collateralized mortgage obligations - US agency 

8,535 

2.82 

13,070 

11,708 

1.66 

Collateralized mortgage obligations - Private label 

33,585 

3.97 

65,781 

61,434 

4.22 

Total 

60,102 

3.03 

96,833 

89,542 

3.20 

Other non-maturity investments: 

Equity securities 

- 

0.00 

206 

206 

0.53 

Total 

- 

0.00 

206 

206 

0.53 

Total investment securities 

124,093 

2.91 

205,436 

191,726 

2.76 

- 49 - 

HELD-TO-MATURITY 

More Than One 

More Than Five 

One Year or Less 

to Five Years 

to Ten Years 

Annualized 

Annualized 

Annualized 

Amortized 

Weighted 

Amortized 

Weighted 

Amortized 

Weighted 

(Dollars in thousands) 
 
 Cost 

Avg Yield 

Cost 

Avg Yield 

Cost 

Avg Yield 

Debt investment securities: 

US Treasury, agencies and GSEs 

- 

0.00 

- 

0.00 

1,497 

3.18 

State and political subdivisions 

- 

0.00 

1,803 

3.08 

5,017 

2.45 

Corporate 

- 

0.00 

10,444 

4.26 

34,642 

4.75 

Asset backed securities 

- 

0.00 

5,744 

4.14 

- 

0.00 

Total 

- 

0.00 

17,991 

4.10 

41,156 

4.41 

Mortgage-backed securities: 

Residential mortgage-backed - US agency 

14 

2.00 

1,284 

3.65 

2,181 

2.81 

Collateralized mortgage obligations - US agency 

989 

3.05 

1,365 

3.63 

5,184 

2.83 

Collateralized mortgage obligations - Private label 

22,085 

7.15 

15,128 

5.11 

9,915 

6.14 

Total 

23,088 

6.97 

17,777 

4.89 

17,280 

4.73 

Total investment securities 

23,088 

6.97 

35,768 

4.49 

58,436 

4.51 

More Than Ten Years 

Total Investment Securities 

Annualized 

Annualized 

Amortized 

Weighted 

Amortized 

Fair 

Weighted 

(Dollars in thousands) 
 
 Cost 

Avg Yield 

Cost 

Value 

Avg Yield 

Debt investment securities: 

US Treasury, agencies and GSEs 

2,355 

2.74 

3,852 

3,572 

1.97 

State and political subdivisions 

8,391 

2.43 

15,211 

12,871 

2.65 

Corporate 

- 

0.00 

45,086 

42,502 

2.25 

Asset backed securities 

13,414 

3.77 

19,158 

17,867 

2.64 

Total 

24,160 

3.20 

83,307 

76,812 

2.40 

Mortgage-backed securities: 

Residential mortgage-backed - US agency 

4,010 

2.39 

7,489 

6,750 

3.02 

Collateralized mortgage obligations - US agency 

7,571 

2.73 

15,109 

13,858 

3.06 

Collateralized mortgage obligations - Private label 

41,369 

4.00 

88,497 

84,071 

5.60 

Total 

52,950 

3.70 

111,095 

104,679 

5.10 

Total investment securities 

77,110 

3.46 

194,402 

181,491 

3.95 

The yield information disclosed above does not give effect to changes in fair value that are reflected in accumulated other comprehensive loss in consolidated shareholders equity. 
 Loans Receivable 
 Average loans receivable represented 67.9 of the Company s average interest earning assets in 2022 and account for the greatest portion of total interest income. At December 31, 2022, the Company had the largest portion of its loan portfolio in commercial loan products that represented 56.7 of total loans. These products include credits extended to businesses and political subdivisions within its marketplace that are typically secured by commercial real estate, equipment, inventories, and accounts receivable. The residential mortgage loans product segment represents 29.2 of total loans at December 31, 2022. The consumer loan products represents 14.1 of total loans at December 31, 2022. The Company has seen the proportion of commercial loan products to total loans increase in recent years and it will continue to emphasize these types of loans. Notwithstanding this emphasis, the Company also anticipates a continued commitment to financing the purchase or improvement of residential real estate in its market area. 
 - 50 - 

The following table sets forth the composition of our loan portfolio, including net deferred costs, in dollar amount and as a percentage of loans. 

December 31, 

(Dollars in thousands) 
 
 2022 

2021 

2020 

2019 

2018 

Residential real estate 

262,008 

29.2 

246,344 

29.6 

233,094 

28.2 

212,663 

27.2 

238,894 

38.5 

Residential real estate held-for-sale 

19 

0.0 

513 

0.1 

1,526 

0.2 

35,936 

4.6 

- 

0.0 

Commercial real estate 

344,721 

38.4 

287,279 

34.5 

286,066 

34.7 

254,781 

32.6 

212,622 

34.3 

Commercial and tax exempt 

163,806 

18.3 

156,167 

18.8 

194,963 

23.6 

148,776 

19.0 

116,914 

18.8 

Home equity and junior liens 

34,349 

3.8 

32,048 

3.8 

38,941 

4.7 

46,688 

6.0 

26,416 

4.3 

Consumer loans 

92,851 

10.3 

110,108 

13.2 

70,905 

8.6 

82,607 

10.6 

25,424 

4.1 

Total loans receivable 

897,754 

100.0 

832,459 

100.0 

825,495 

100.0 

781,451 

100.0 

620,270 

100.0 

The following table shows the amount of loans outstanding, including net deferred costs, as of December 31, 2022 which, based on remaining scheduled repayments of principal, are due in the periods indicated. Demand loans having no stated schedule of repayments, no stated maturity, and overdrafts are reported as one year or less. Adjustable and floating rate loans are included in the period on which interest rates are next scheduled to adjust, rather than the period in which they contractually mature. Fixed rate loans are included in the period in which the final contractual repayment is due. 

(In thousands) 
 
 Due Under One Year 

Due 1-5 Years 

Due > 5 Years to Fifteen Years 

Due Over Fifteen Years 

Total 

Real estate: 

Commercial real estate 

6,480 

12,866 

82,454 

242,921 

344,721 

Residential real estate 

1,011 

3,984 

54,234 

202,798 

262,027 

Total real estate loans 

7,491 

16,850 

136,688 

445,719 

606,748 

Commercial and tax exempt 

80,323 

42,150 

34,442 

6,891 

163,806 

Home Equity and junior liens 

19,955 

1,489 

9,747 

3,158 

34,349 

Consumer 

4,656 

12,000 

9,355 

66,840 

92,851 

Total loans 

112,425 

72,489 

190,232 

522,608 

897,754 

The following table sets forth fixed- and adjustable-rate loans at December 31, 2022 that are contractually due after December 31, 2023: 

(In thousands) 
 
 Due After One Year 

Interest rates: 

Fixed 

442,322 

Variable 

343,007 

Total loans 

785,329 

Total loans receivable, including net deferred costs, increased 65.3 million, or 7.8 , to 897.8 million at December 31, 2022 when compared to 832.5 million at December 31, 2021, due to increases in commercial real estate loans, residential mortgage loans and commercial loans of 57.4 million, 15.3 million and 7.6 million, respectively. These increases in outstanding loan balances were partially offset by a decrease of 15.0 million in consumer loans. Although the Company maintained its previously established credit standards, the outstanding balances of commercial real estate and commercial loans increased as the Bank continued to benefit from the expanding relationship-derived business activity within the markets that the Bank serves. The increase in residential mortgage loans was primarily the result of increases in the percentage of originated loans allocated for addition to the Bank's portfolio as rates generally increased throughout 2022. The Company does not originate sub-prime, Alt-A, negative amortizing or other higher risk structured residential mortgages. 
 - 51 - 

Nonperforming Loans and Assets 
 The following table represents information concerning the aggregate amount of nonperforming assets: 

December 31 

(Dollars In thousands) 
 
 2022 

2021 

2020 

2019 

2018 

Nonaccrual loans: 

Commercial and commercial real estate loans 

5,720 

6,297 

17,978 

3,002 

830 

Consumer 

2,183 

1,104 

747 

631 

142 

Residential mortgage loans 

1,112 

891 

2,608 

1,613 

1,176 

Total nonaccrual loans 

9,015 

8,292 

21,333 

5,246 

2,148 

Total nonperforming loans 

9,015 

8,292 

21,333 

5,246 

2,148 

Foreclosed real estate 

221 

- 

- 

88 

1,173 

Total nonperforming assets 

9,236 

8,292 

21,333 

5,334 

3,321 

Accruing troubled debt restructurings 

3,047 

3,605 

3,554 

2,008 

2,574 

Nonperforming loans to total loans 

1.00 

1.00 

2.58 

0.67 

0.35 

Nonperforming assets to total assets 

0.66 

0.65 

1.74 

0.49 

0.36 

Nonperforming assets include nonaccrual loans, nonaccrual troubled debt restructurings TDR ), and foreclosed real estate FRE ). Loans are considered a TDR when, due to a borrower s financial difficulties, the Company makes a concession(s) to the borrower that it would not otherwise consider. These modifications may include an extension of the term of the loan, and granting a period when interest-only payments can be made, with the principal payments made over the remaining term of the loan or at maturity. TDRs are included in the above table within the categories of nonaccrual loans or accruing TDRs. 
 
 Management monitors its loan portfolios closely and has incorporated our current estimate of the ultimate collectability of all loans into the reported allowance for loan losses at December 31, 2022. The ratio of the allowance for loan losses to year end loans was 1.71 and 1.55 at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively. 
 
 Total nonperforming assets increased 944,000, or 11.4 , between December 31, 2021 and December 31, 2022, driven by an increase of 221,000 in foreclosed real estate, increases of 1.1 million and 221,000 in nonperforming consumer and residential real estate loans respectively, partially offset by a decrease of 577,000 in commercial and commercial real estate loans. The 1.1 million increase in nonperforming consumer loans was due to increases of 1.1 million in purchased loans that are 90 days or greater past due. Of these loans, 489,000 relates to loans for which the Bank has full or partial recourse, or a significant secured collateral position. The decrease in nonperforming commercial and commercial real estate loans in 2022 was primarily due to the return of multiple relationships to accrual status during the year, primarily due to relationship-specific improvements in the credit profiles of those businesses and the charge-off of multiple relationships during the year in the amount of 586,000. These loans were initially placed on nonaccrual status during 2021. These relationships, which included loans collateralized by commercial real estate, made all required payments, as agreed, at December 31, 2022. 
 
 Management is monitoring these entities closely and has incorporated our current estimate of the ultimate collectability of these loans into the reported allowance for loan losses at December 31, 2022. Management believes that the value of the collateral properties underlying the loans is sufficient to preclude any significant losses related to these loans. Management continues to monitor and react to national and local economic trends as well as general portfolio conditions which may impact the quality of the portfolio, and considers these environmental factors in support of the allowance for loan loss reserve. Management believes that the current level of the allowance for loan losses, at 15.3 million at December 31, 2022, adequately addresses the current level of risk within the loan portfolio, particularly considering the types and levels of collateralization supporting the substantial majority of the portfolio. The Company maintains strict loan underwriting standards and carefully monitors the performance of the loan portfolio. 
 Foreclosed Real Estate FRE balances increased by 221,000 at December 31, 2022, compared to -0- from the prior year end. 
 The Company generally places a loan on nonaccrual status and ceases accruing interest when loan payment performance is deemed unsatisfactory and the loan is past due 90 days or more. There are no loans that are past due 90 days or more and still accruing interest. The Company considers a loan impaired when, based on current information and events, it is probable that the Company will be unable to collect the scheduled payments of principal and interest when due according to the contractual terms of the loan. Had the loans in 
 - 52 - 

nonaccrual status performed in accordance with their original terms, additional interest income of 476,000 and 592,000 would have been recorded for the years ended December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively. 
 The measurement of impaired loans is based upon the fair value of the collateral or the present value of future cash flows discounted at the historical effective interest rate for impaired loans when the receipt of contractual principal and interest is probable. At December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, the Company had 20.2 million and 11.4 million in loans, which were deemed to be impaired, having specific reserves of 4.8 million and 1.9 million, respectively. The 8.8 million year-over-year increase in impaired loans was principally due to increases of 5.1 million, 2.6 million, 750,000, 293,000 and 86,000 in impaired commercial lines of credit, other commercial and industrial, commercial real estate, residential mortgages, and home equity and junior liens, respectively. 
 The threshold for individually measuring impairment on commercial real estate or commercial loans remains at 100,000 and for residential mortgage loans remains at 300,000 at December 31, 2022. The thresholds described above do not apply to loans that have been classified as troubled debt restructurings, which are individually measured for impairment at the time that the restructuring is affected. 
 Appraisals are obtained at the time a real estate secured loan is originated. For commercial real estate held as collateral, the property is inspected every two years. 
 Management has identified certain loans with potential credit profiles that may result in the borrowers not being able to comply with the current loan repayment terms and which may result in possible future impaired loan reporting. Potential problem loans decreased 5.1 million to 38.6 million at December 31, 2022, compared to 43.7 million at December 31, 2021. These loans have been internally classified as special mention, substandard, or doubtful, yet are not currently considered impaired. The decrease in potential problem loans was primarily due to a 3.1 million decrease in potential problem commercial real estate loans and a 3.1 million decrease in potential problem commercial and industrial loans and commercial lines. These decreases were partially offset by an increase in potential problem residential loans of 1.3 million. The decrease in potential problem commercial and industrial loans and commercial real estate loans in 2022 was a result of loan-specific and/or total relationship-specific improvements in the credit profiles of certain borrowers in 2022, as compared to the previous year. Management continues to monitor these loans and relationships closely. 
 Total potential problem loans, including impaired loans, were 38.6 million at December 31, 2022, were comprised of special mention, substandard and doubtful loans of 20.0 million, 17.0 million and 1.6 million, respectively. Total potential problem loans, including impaired loans, were 43.7 million at December 31, 2021, and were comprised of special mention, substandard and doubtful loans of 18.3 million, 23.8 million and 1.6 million, respectively. Special mention loans increased 1.8 million, while there were decreases in substandard loans of 6.8 million and doubtful loans of 84,000 at December 31, 2022 as compared to December 31, 2021. The decrease in loans classified as substandard was primarily due to a 5.3 million decrease in commercial real estate and a 3.7 million decrease in commercial and industrial loans in 2022, due to two relationships being removed from problem loan status, partially offset by a 2.0 million increase in commercial lines and a 275,000 increase in residential and consumer loans. These relationships, include secured loans (secured by third-party pledges, other governmental grants and/or business assets), unsecured loans, and loans collateralized by commercial real estate. 
 
 The Company measures delinquency based on the amount of past due loans as a percentage of total loans. The ratio of delinquent loans to total loans increased to 3.21 at December 31, 2022 as compared to 2.14 at December 31, 2021. This increase was due to an increase of 6.4 million in past due commercial loans, a 3.8 million increase in past due consumer loans, and a 911,000 increase in past due residential loans. At December 31, 2022, there were 28.9 million in loans past due including 13.0 million, 4.3 million and 8.7 million in loans 30-59 days, 60-89 days, and 90 days and over past due, respectively. At December 31, 2021, there were 17.9 million in loans past due including 5.2 million, 4.6 million and 8.0 million in loans 30-59 days, 60-89 days, and 90 days and over past due, respectively. 
 
 The increase of 11.0 million in total loans past due at December 31, 2022, as compared to December 31, 2021, was primarily due to an increase of 7.8 million in loans 30-59 days past due and a 644,000 increase in 90 days and over past due, partially offset by a 304,000 decrease in loans 60-89 days past due. The increase in loans 30-59 days past due was primarily due to an increase of 7.3 million in commercial loans. At December 31, 2022, there were 61 loans with an outstanding aggregate balance of 13.0 million that were 30-59 days past due, while at December 31, 2021, there were 13 loans with an outstanding aggregate balance of 5.2 million. The decrease in loans 60-89 days past due was primarily due to a decrease of 458,000 in commercial loans. The increase in loans 90 days and over past due was primarily due to an increase of 476,000 in delinquent commercial loans. 
 Loans purchased outside of the Bank s general market area are subject to substantial pre-purchase due diligence. Homogenous pools of purchased loans are subject to pre-purchase analyses led by a team of the Bank s senior executives and credit analysts. In each case, the Bank s analytical processes consider the types of loans being evaluated, the underwriting criteria employed by the originating entity, the historical performance of such loans, especially in the most recent deeply recessionary period, the offered collateral enhancements 
 - 53 - 

and other credit loss mitigation factors offered by the seller and the capabilities and financial stability of the servicing entities involved. From a credit risk perspective, these loan pools also benefit from broad diversification, including wide geographic dispersion, the readily-verifiable historical performance of similar loans issued by the originators, as well as the overall experience and skill of the underwriters and servicing entities involved as counterparties to the Bank in these transactions. The performance of all purchased loan pools are monitored regularly from detailed reports and remittance reconciliations provided at least monthly by the servicing entities. 
 The projected credit losses related to purchased loan pools are evaluated prior to purchase and the performance of those loans against expectations are analyzed at least monthly. Over the life of the purchased loan pools, the allowance for loan losses is adjusted, through the provision for loan losses, for expected loss experience, over the projected life of the loans. The expected credit loss experience is determined at the time of purchase and is modified, to the extent necessary, during the life of the purchased loan pools. The Bank does not initially increase the allowance for loan losses on the purchase date of the loan pools. 
 In the normal course of business, the Bank has, from time to time, sold residential mortgage loans and participation interests in commercial loans. As is typical in the industry, the Bank makes certain representations and warranties to the buyer. Pathfinder Bank maintains a quality control program for closed loans and considers the risks and uncertainties associated with potential repurchase requirements to be minimal. 
 
 Allowance for Loan Losses 
 The allowance for loan losses is established through provision for loan losses and reduced by loan charge-offs net of recoveries. The allowance for loan losses represents the amount available for probable credit losses in the Company s loan portfolio as estimated by management. In its assessment of the qualitative factors used in arriving at the required allowance for loan losses, management considers changes in national and local economic trends, including the COVID-19 pandemic, the rate of the portfolios growth, trends in delinquencies and nonaccrual balances, changes in loan policy, and changes in management experience and staffing. These factors, coupled with the recent historical loss experience within the loan portfolio by product segment support the estimable and probable losses within the loan portfolio. 
 The Company establishes a specific allocation for all commercial loans identified as being impaired with a balance in excess of 100,000 that are also on nonaccrual or have been risk rated under the Company s risk rating system as substandard, doubtful, or loss. The measurement of impaired loans is based upon either the present value of future cash flows discounted at the historical effective interest rate or the fair value of the collateral, less costs to sell for collateral dependent loans. At December 31, 2022, the Bank s position in impaired loans consisted of 81 loans totaling 20.2 million. Of these loans, 15 loans, totaling 1.5 million, were valued using the present value of future cash flows method; and 66 loans, totaling 18.7 million, were valued based on a collateral analysis. For all other loans, the Company uses the general allocation methodology that establishes an allowance to estimate the probable incurred loss for each risk-rating category. The Company uses the fair value of collateral, less costs to sell to measure impairment on commercial and commercial real estate loans. Residential real estate loans in excess of 300,000 will also be included in this individual loan review. Residential real estate loans less than this amount will be included in impaired loans if it is part of the total related credit to a previously identified impaired commercial loan. The Company also establishes a specific allowance, regardless of the size of the loan, for all loans subject to a troubled debt restructuring agreement. 
 
 In June 2016, the FASB issued Accounting Standards Update (ASU) 2016-13, Financial Instruments - Credit Losses (Topic 326): Measurement of Credit Losses on Financial Instruments. The standard s stated main goal is to improve financial reporting by requiring earlier recognition of credit losses on financing receivables (such as loans) and other financial assets in scope. The ASU requires entities to measure credit losses on most financial assets carried at amortized costs and certain other instruments using an expected credit loss model. Banks in the United States above 5.0 billion in assets generally adopted this new way of measuring loan losses called the Current Expected Credit Loss CECL model in 2020, with smaller public and private banks, such as Pathfinder, required to convert to this method in fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2022. The Company computed its Allowance for Loan Losses at December 31, 2022 using a methodology called the Incurred Loss Model ILM ), which remained applicable GAAP at that date. ILM (current GAAP) assumes that all loans will be repaid until evidence to the contrary (known as a loss or trigger event) is identified. Only at that point is the impaired loan (or portfolio of loans) written down to a lower value. CECL requires that an estimate of loss for the entire life cycle of each asset with credit loss exposure be recorded at the funding date of that asset as a component of the reported Allowance for Credit Losses. For additional information regarding current expected credit losses, see Notes 2 and 6 to the consolidated financial statements. 
 
 The three major differences between CECL and ILM are: (1) CECL requires that reserves for the full, expected life of any asset with credit loss exposure be established at the funding date of the asset. The reserve must consider all expected credit and credit-related losses in aggregate to the asset's maturity (including prepayment projections) using a methodology that both a.) requires an evaluation of the Bank s segmented internal credit dynamics (historical loss rate, underwriting standards, etc.); and b.) requires evaluations of the macroeconomic environment at funding and at the end of each subsequent reporting period; (2) CECL requires that a broader array of assets, in addition to outstanding loans, must be included in the CECL calculation than were includable under the ILM model; and (3) 
 - 54 - 

CECL requires substantially enhanced documentation and underlying assumption, input and calculation support, due to its more extensive modeling assumptions and inputs, as well as its more complex calculations, than were previously considered necessary under ILM. 
 
 Beginning on January 1, 2023, the Bank will have to account for all credit loss exposures using this CECL methodology. A nonrecurring adjustment from ILM to CECL was made on January 1, 2023, increasing the ALLL at December 31, 2022 by 2.2 million in determining the beginning ACL for the quarter ended March 31, 2023. This transition adjustment was booked to retained earnings in the first quarter of 2023 and therefore will be a subtraction from tangible book value TBV ), after tax effects of approximately 1.7 million. 
 The allowance for loan losses at December 31, 2022 and 2021 was 15.3 million and 12.9 million respectively, or 1.71 and 1.57 of total year end loans on those dates, respectively. The Company recorded 370,000 in net charge-offs in 2022, as compared to 866,000 in net charge-offs in 2021. The ratio of net charge-offs to average loans decreased to 0.04 in 2022 from 0.10 in 2021. 
 For further discussion of our allowance for loan losses procedures, please see Business-Allowance for Loan Losses and Note 6 to the consolidated financial statements contained in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 
 The following table sets forth the allocation of allowance for loan losses by loan category for the years indicated. The allocation of the allowance by category is not necessarily indicative of future losses and does not restrict the use of the allowance to absorb losses in any category. 

2022 

2021 

2020 

2019 

2018 

Allocation 

Percent of 

Allocation 

Percent of 

Allocation 

Percent of 

Allocation 

Percent of 

Allocation 

Percent of 

of the 

Loans to 

of the 

Loans to 

of the 

Loans to 

of the 

Loans to 

of the 

Loans to 

(Dollars in thousands) 
 
 Allowance 

Total Loans 

Allowance 

Total Loans 

Allowance 

Total Loans 

Allowance 

Total Loans 

Allowance 

Total Loans 

Residential real estate 

714 

29.2 

872 

29.6 

931 

28.2 

580 

27.2 

766 

38.5 

Commercial real estate 

5,881 

38.4 

5,308 

34.5 

4,776 

34.7 

4,010 

32.6 

3,578 

34.3 

Commercial and tax exempt 

6,937 

18.3 

3,701 

18.8 

4,663 

23.6 

2,841 

19.0 

2,016 

18.8 

Home equity and junior liens 

741 

3.8 

774 

3.8 

739 

4.7 

553 

6.0 

409 

4.3 

Consumer loans 

1,046 

10.3 

1,297 

13.2 

1,123 

8.6 

413 

10.6 

385 

4.1 

Unallocated (1) 

- 

- 

983 

0.1 

545 

0.20 

272 

4.60 

152 

- 

Total 

15,319 

100.0 

12,935 

100.0 

12,777 

100.0 

8,669 

100.0 

7,306 

100.0 

(1) Includes loans held-for-sale at December 31, 2022, 2021, 2020 and 2019. There were no loans classified as held for sale at December 31, 2018. 

The following table sets forth the allowance for loan losses for the years indicated: 

(Dollars In thousands) 
 
 2022 

2021 

2020 

2019 

2018 

Balance at beginning of year 

12,935 

12,777 

8,669 

7,306 

7,126 

Provisions charged to operating expenses 

2,754 

1,022 

4,707 

1,966 

1,497 

Recoveries of loans previously charged-off: 

Commercial real estate and loans 

296 

70 

4 

1 

66 

Consumer and home equity 

95 

88 

95 

60 

58 

Residential real estate 

- 

- 

2 

2 

21 

Total recoveries 

391 

158 

101 

63 

145 

Loans charged off: 

Commercial real estate and loans 

(585) 

(764) 

(222) 

(294) 

(952) 

Consumer and home equity 

(147) 

(240) 

(353) 

(361) 

(265) 

Residential real estate 

(29) 

(20) 

(125) 

(11) 

(245) 

Total charged-off 

(761) 

(1,024) 

(700) 

(666) 

(1,462) 

Net charge-offs 

(370) 

(866) 

(599) 

(603) 

(1,317) 

Balance at end of year 

15,319 

12,935 

12,777 

8,669 

7,306 

Net charge-offs to average loans outstanding 

0.04 

0.10 

0.08 

0.09 

0.22 

Allowance for loan losses to year-end loans 

1.71 

1.57 

1.55 

1.11 

1.18 

- 55 - 

The following table sets forth the loan net charge-off ratios for the years indicated: 

2022 

2021 

Allowance for loan losses to year-end loans 

1.71 

1.57 

Allowance for loan losses to nonperforming loans 

169.93 

155.99 

Nonaccrual Loans to total loans 

1.00 

1.00 

Allowance for loan losses to nonaccrual loans 

169.93 

155.99 

Net charge-offs to average loans outstanding 

Commercial real estate and loans 

0.03 

0.15 

Consumer and home equity 

0.01 

0.13 

Residential real estate 

0.00 

0.01 

Total charged-off 

0.04 

0.10 

Bank Owned Life Insurance 
 The Company held 24.0 million and 23.4 million in bank owned life insurance at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Bank owned life insurance increased 589,000, or 2.5 , to 24.0 million at December 31, 2022, as compared to December 31, 2021. The increase was primarily due to an increase in the cash value of the policies recorded as income in 2022. 
 Deposits 
 The Company s deposit base is drawn from eleven full-service offices in its market area. The deposit base consists of demand deposits, money management and money market deposit accounts, savings, and time deposits. Average deposits increased 89.0 million, or 8.6 , in 2022. For the year ended December 31, 2022, 63.3 of the Company's average deposit base of 1.1 billion consisted of core deposits. Core deposits, which exclude time deposits, are considered to be more stable and provide the Company with a lower cost of funds than time deposits. The Company will continue to emphasize retail and business core deposits by providing depositors with a full range of deposit product offerings and will maintain its recent focus on deposit gathering within the Syracuse market. 
 At December 31, 2022, business deposits and municipal deposits decreased 25.2 million and 7.7 million, respectively, and consumer deposits increased 12.4 million, when compared to December 31, 2021. Noninterest-bearing deposits, which are primarily demand deposits, were 183.7 million at year end, compared with 191.9 million on December 31, 2021. The increase in consumer deposits during the year ended December 31, 2022, reflected the Bank s increased market penetration among non-business customers, particularly in Onondaga County. The decrease in business deposits was primarily due to the deposits from a large credit union being withdrawn when the credit union was sold. Additionally, increases in business deposits from the activity of PPP loans generated in 2021 did not recur in 2022. The decrease in municipal deposits in 2022, as compared to the previous year, resulted from transitory factors and cyclical activity among a small number of the Bank s largest municipal depositors. 
 Total deposits of 1.13 billion at December 31, 2022 consisted in part of 248.6 million in brokered money market and certificates of deposit accounts. Brokered deposits represented 22.1 of all deposits at December 31, 2022. Total deposits of 1.06 billion at December 31, 2021 consisted in part of 157.8 million in brokered money market and certificates of deposit accounts. Brokered deposits represented 15.0 of all deposits at December 31, 2021. 
 
 The following table sets forth our deposit composition in dollar amount and as a percentage of total deposits. 

December 31, 

(Dollars in thousands) 
 
 2022 

2021 

2020 

Savings accounts 

134,880 

12.0 

131,176 

12.4 

103,093 

10.4 

Time accounts 

314,109 

27.9 

253,564 

24.0 

305,074 

30.6 

Time accounts in excess of 250,000 

71,696 

6.4 

67,450 

6.4 

91,976 

9.2 

Money management accounts 

16,107 

1.4 

16,124 

1.5 

15,650 

1.6 

MMDA accounts 

270,326 

24.0 

256,963 

24.3 

227,970 

22.9 

Demand deposit interest-bearing 

127,395 

11.3 

130,816 

12.4 

83,129 

8.3 

Demand deposit noninterest-bearing 

183,711 

16.3 

191,858 

18.2 

162,057 

16.3 

Mortgage escrow funds 

7,206 

0.7 

7,395 

0.8 

6,958 

0.7 

Total Deposits 

1,125,430 

100.0 

1,055,346 

100.0 

995,907 

100.0 

The Company has deposits that exceeds the FDIC insurance limit of 250,000 of 501.2 million at December 31, 2022 and 492.0 million at December 31, 2021. At December 31, 2022, time deposit accounts in excess of 250,000 totaled 71.7 million, or 18.6 of 
 - 56 - 

time deposits and 6.4 of total deposits. At December 31, 2021, these deposits totaled 67.5 million, or 21.0 of time deposits and 6.4 of total deposits. 
 The following table indicates the amount of the Company s time deposit accounts in excess of 250,000 by time remaining until maturity as of December 31, 2022: 

(In thousands) 

Remaining Maturity: 

Three months or less 

21,710 

Three through six months 

9,190 

Six through twelve months 

11,276 

Over twelve months 

29,520 

Total 

71,696 

Borrowings 
 Borrowings are comprised primarily of advances and overnight borrowings at the FHLBNY. 
 The following table represents information regarding short-term borrowings for the years ended December 31: 

(Dollars in thousands) 
 
 2022 

2021 

2020 

Maximum outstanding at any month end 

60,333 

12,500 

10,158 

Average amount outstanding during the year 

12,492 

3,677 

8,985 

Balance at the end of the period 

60,333 

12,500 

4,020 

Average interest rate during the year 

2.48 

0.28 

1.65 

Average interest rate at the end of the period 

3.86 

1.28 

0.26 

The following table represents information regarding long-term borrowings for the years ended December 31: 

(Dollars in thousands) 
 
 2022 

2021 

2020 

Maximum outstanding at any month end 

67,371 

85,125 

83,299 

Average amount outstanding during the year 

58,593 

75,724 

72,430 

Balance at the end of the period 

55,664 

64,598 

78,030 

Average interest rate during the year 

0.96 

1.34 

2.08 

Average interest rate at the end of the period 

1.39 

1.12 

1.60 

Subordinated Debt 
 The Company has a non-consolidated subsidiary trust, Pathfinder Statutory Trust II, of which the Company owns 100 of the common equity. The Trust issued 5,000,000 of 30-year floating rate Company-obligated pooled capital securities of Pathfinder Statutory Trust II Floating-Rate Debentures ). The Company borrowed the proceeds of the capital securities from its subsidiary by issuing floating rate junior subordinated deferrable interest debentures having substantially similar terms. The capital securities mature in 2037 and are treated as Tier 1 capital by the FDIC and Federal Reserve. The capital securities of the trust are a pooled trust preferred fund of Preferred Term Securities VI, Ltd., whose interest rate resets quarterly, and are indexed to the 3-month U.S. dollar-denominated USD LIBOR rate plus 1.65 . These securities have a five-year call provision. The Company paid 178,000 and 94,000 in interest expense related to this issuance in 2022 and 2021, respectively. The Company guarantees all of these securities. 
 In December 2020 the United Kingdom s Financial Conduct Authority FCA ), the organization responsible for regulating LIBOR, stated that it would (i) cease publishing indices at December 31, 2020 for one-week and two-month USD LIBOR after December 31, 2021, and (ii) cease publishing of all other tenors of USD LIBOR (specifically, one, three, six and 12-month tenors) after June 30, 2023. The Alternative Reference Rates Committee (the ARRC ), formed by the Federal Reserve Board and the Federal Reserve Bank of New York, was charged with developing an alternative rate that will replace USD LIBOR. The ARRC subsequently identified the Secured SOFR as the rate that represents best practice for use in USD LIBOR derivatives and other financial contracts. U.S. banking regulators also encouraged banks to cease entering into new contracts that use USD LIBOR as a reference rate as soon as practicable and, in any event, by December 31, 2021. Management has analyzed the Company s aggregate exposure to instruments that are indexed to USD LIBOR (including the Company s acquired loan participations, fixed-income investments, hedging instruments and the Floating-Rate Debentures) and concluded that the adoption of SOFR will not materially impact the Company or the results of its operations. 
 - 57 - 

The Company's equity interest in the trust subsidiary is included in other assets on the Consolidated Statements of Condition at December 31, 2022 and 2021. For regulatory reporting purposes, the Federal Reserve Board has indicated that the preferred securities will continue to qualify as Tier 1 Capital subject to previously specified limitations, until further notice. If regulators make a determination that Trust Preferred Securities can no longer be considered in regulatory capital, the securities become callable and the Company may redeem them at its discretion. 
 On October 15, 2015, the Company executed a 10.0 million non-amortizing Subordinated Debt (the 2015 Subordinated Debt) with an unrelated third party that was scheduled to mature on October 1, 2025. The Company had the right to prepay the 2015 Subordinated Debt on the first day of any calendar quarter after October 15, 2020 without penalty. The effective annual interest rate charged to the Company was be 6.25 through the maturity date of the 2015 Subordinated Debt. In the first quarter of 2021, the Company exercised its existing contractual option and issued a Notice of Redemption NOR to the holders of the 2015 Subordinated Debt, which was scheduled to mature on October 1, 2025. With the issuance of this NOR, the Company redeemed the 10.0 million 2015 Subordinated Debt, plus accrued interest on April 1, 2021. Interest expense, related to this borrowing, of -0- and 156,000 was recorded in the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 On October 14, 2020, the Company executed a private placement of 25.0 million of its 5.50 Fixed to Floating Rate non-amortizing Subordinated Debt (the 2020 Subordinated Debt to certain qualified institutional buyers and accredited institutional investors. The 2020 Subordinated Debt has a maturity date of October 15, 2030 and initially bear interest, payable semi-annually, at a fixed annual rate of 5.50 per annum until October 15, 2025. Commencing on that date, the interest rate applicable to the outstanding principal amount due will be reset quarterly to an interest rate per annum equal to the then current three month SOFR plus 532 basis points, payable quarterly until maturity. The Company may redeem the 2020 Subordinated Debt at par, in whole or in part, at its option, any time after October 15, 2025 (the first redemption date). The 2020 Subordinated Debt is senior in the Company s credit repayment hierarchy only to the Company s common equity and, any future senior indebtedness and is intended to qualify as Tier 2 capital for regulatory capital purposes for the Company, when applicable. The Company paid 783,000 in origination and legal fees as part of this transaction. These fees will be amortized over the life of the 2020 Subordinated Debt through its first redemption date using the effective interest method, giving rise to an effective cost of funds of 6.22 from the issuance date calculated under this method. Accordingly, interest expense of 1.6 million and 1.5 million was recorded for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, related to this transaction. 
 Capital 
 The Company s shareholders equity increased 710,000, or 0.6 , to 111.0 million at December 31, 2022 from 110.3 million at December 31, 2021. This increase was primarily due to a 10.4 million increase in retained earnings, a 1.0 million increase in additional paid in capital and a 180,000 increase in ESOP shares earned, offset by a 10.9 million increase in comprehensive loss. The increase in retained earnings resulted from 12.9 million in net income recorded in 2022. Partially offsetting this increase in retained earnings were 1.6 million for cash dividends declared on our voting common stock, 497,000 for cash dividends declared on our non-voting common stock and 45,000 for cash dividends declared on our issued warrant, and 368,000 for the cumulative effect of affiliate capital allocation. Comprehensive loss increased primarily as the result of increased losses on available for sale securities of 10.6 million and a 1.0 million adjustment to pension and post retirement, partially offset by a 669,000 gain on derivatives and hedging activities. 
 Risk-based capital provides the basis for which all banks are evaluated in terms of capital adequacy. Capital adequacy is evaluated primarily by the use of ratios which measure capital against total assets, as well as against total assets that are weighted based on defined risk characteristics. The Company s goal is to support growth and expansion activities, while maintaining a strong capital position and exceeding regulatory standards. At December 31, 2022, the Bank exceeded all regulatory required minimum capital ratios and met the regulatory definition of a well-capitalized institution. See Supervision and Regulation Federal Regulations Capital Requirements 
 As a result of the Dodd-Frank Act, the Company s ability to raise new capital through the use of trust preferred securities may be limited because these securities will no longer be included in Tier 1 capital. In addition, our ability to generate or originate additional revenue producing assets may be constrained in the future in order to comply with capital standards required by federal regulation. See Note 20 to the consolidated financial statements contained herein and the regulation and supervision section within Part I of this Annual Report on Form 10-K for further discussion on regulatory capital requirements. 
 The Bank is subject to various regulatory capital requirements administered by the federal banking agencies. Failure to meet minimum capital requirements can initiate certain mandatory and possibly additional discretionary actions by regulators that, if undertaken, could have a direct material effect on the Company s consolidated financial statements. Under capital adequacy guidelines and the regulatory framework for prompt corrective action, the Bank must meet specific capital guidelines that involve quantitative measures of its assets, liabilities, and certain off-balance sheet items as calculated under regulatory accounting practices. The capital amounts and classifications are also subject to qualitative judgments by the regulators about components, risk weightings, and other factors. 
 - 58 - 

Quantitative measures established by regulation to ensure capital adequacy require the Bank to maintain amounts and ratios of Total and Tier 1 capital (as defined in the regulations) to risk-weighted assets (as defined), and of Tier 1 capital (as defined) to average assets (as defined). 
 As of December 31, 2022, the Bank s most recent notification from the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation categorized the Bank as well-capitalized , under the regulatory framework for prompt corrective action. To be categorized as well-capitalized , the Bank must maintain specified total risk-based, Tier 1 risk-based and Tier 1 leverage ratios. There are no conditions or events since that notification that management believes have changed the Bank s category. 
 The regulations also impose a capital conservation buffer consisting of 2.5 of common equity Tier 1 capital to risk-weighted assets above the amount necessary to meet its minimum risk-based capital requirements. The buffer is separate from the capital ratios required under the Prompt Corrective Action PCA standards and imposes restrictions on dividend distributions and discretionary bonuses for senior officers. In order to avoid these restrictions, the capital conservation buffer effectively increases the minimum the following capital to risk-weighted assets ratios: (1) Core Capital, (2) Total Capital and (3) Common Equity. At December 31, 2022, the Bank exceeded all current regulatory required minimum capital ratios, including the capital buffer requirements. 
 LIQUIDITY 
 Liquidity management involves the Company s ability to generate cash or otherwise obtain funds at reasonable rates to support asset growth, meet deposit withdrawals, maintain reserve requirements, and otherwise operate the Company on an ongoing basis. The Company's primary sources of funds are deposits, borrowed funds, amortization and prepayment of loans and maturities of investment securities and other short-term investments, and earnings and funds provided from operations. While scheduled principal repayments on loans are a relatively predictable source of funds, deposit flows and loan prepayments are greatly influenced by general interest rates, economic conditions and competition. The Company manages the pricing of deposits to maintain a desired deposit balance. In addition, the Company invests excess funds in short-term interest-earning and other assets, which provide liquidity to meet lending requirements. 
 The Company's liquidity has been enhanced by its ability to borrow from the FHLBNY, whose competitive advance programs and lines of credit provide the Company with a safe, reliable, and convenient source of funds. A significant decrease in deposits in the future could result in the Company having to seek other sources of funds for liquidity purposes. Such sources could include, but are not limited to, additional borrowings, brokered deposits, negotiated time deposits, the sale of available-for-sale investment securities, or the sale of loans. Such actions could result in higher interest expense costs and/or losses on the sale of securities or loans. 
 For the year ended December 31, 2022, cash and cash equivalents decreased by 1.9 million. The Company reported net cash flows from financing activities of 107.6 million generated principally by a 47.8 million increase in short term borrowings and a 90.8 million increase in brokered deposits, offset by a decrease in customer deposits of 20.7 million, a decrease in net proceeds from long-term borrowings of 8.9 million, and an aggregate decrease in net cash of all other financing sources, including dividends paid to common shareholders, and the holder of the Warrant of 2.1 million. Additionally, 21.7 million was provided through operating activities generated principally by net income and proceeds from loan sales. These cash flows were primarily invested in: 114.9 million in purchases of investment securities in 2022, and 66.3 million net increases in loans outstanding. 
 Certificates of deposit due within one year of December 31, 2022 totaled 216.2 million, representing 56.0 of certificates of deposit at December 31, 2022, a decrease from 57.9 at December 31, 2021. If these maturing deposits do not remain with us, we will be required to seek other sources of funds, including other certificates of deposit and borrowings. Depending on market conditions, we may be required to pay higher rates on such deposits or other borrowings than we currently pay on the certificates of deposit due on or before December 31, 2023. 
 The Company is a separate legal entity from the Bank and must provide for its own liquidity. In addition to its operating expenses, the Company is responsible for paying any dividends declared to its shareholders and making payments on its subordinated debt. The Company may repurchase shares of its common stock. The Company s primary sources of funds are the proceeds it retained from the Private Placement, the issuance of the 2020 Subordinated Debt, interest and dividends on securities and, potentially, dividends received from the Bank. The amount of dividends that the Bank may declare and pay to the Company in any calendar year, without prior regulatory approval, cannot exceed net income for that year to date plus retained net income (as defined) for the preceding two calendar years. The Company believes that this restriction will not have an impact on the Company's ability to meet its ongoing cash obligations. At December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company had cash and cash equivalents of 35.3 million and 37.1 million, respectively. 
 The Bank has a number of existing credit facilities available to it. At December 31, 2022, total credit available under the existing lines of credit was approximately 163.4 million at FHLBNY, the FRB, and two other correspondent banks. At December 31, 2022, the Company had 116.0 million of the available lines of credit utilized, including encumbrances supporting the outstanding letters of credit, described above, on its existing lines of credit with the remainder of 47.4 million available. 
 - 59 - 

The Asset Liability Management Committee of the Company is responsible for implementing the policies and guidelines for the maintenance of prudent levels of liquidity. As of December 31, 2022, management reported to the Board of Directors that the Bank was in compliance with its liquidity policy guidelines. 
 Due to a variety of macroeconomic and bank-specific factors, there was a small number of large bank failures in the first quarter of 2023 that resulted in those banks being placed into receivership by the FDIC. These failures were highly-publicized and created significant concerns related to 'systemic' risk within the banking sector. It was generally understood that those particular failures resulted primarily from imprudent depositor concentrations, a loss of large-balance depositor confidence in those institutions and, consequently, unsustainably large depositor withdrawals. In an effort to increase depositor confidence across the United States banking system, the Federal Reserve Board, pursuant to section 13(3) of the Federal Reserve Act, authorized all 12 Reserve Banks to establish the Bank Term Funding Program BTFP to make available additional funding to eligible depository institutions, such as the Bank, in order to help assure those institutions have the ability to meet the liquidity needs of all of their depositors. 
 
 The BTFP will be an additional source of liquidity provided against any insured depository institution s high quality securities, eliminating an eligible depository institution s need to quickly sell those securities in times of liquidity stress. Significant features of the BTFP include the following: 
 Advances can be requested under the Program until at least March 11, 2024; 

There is no limit to the number or size of advances in the aggregate. Eligible depository institutions may borrow up to the value of eligible collateral they pledge. The collateral valuation will be at par value. Therefore, there will be no market value haircut adjustments applied to qualifying collateral and available margin to participating financial institutions will consequently be 100 of par value; 

Borrowers may prepay advances (including for purposes of refinancing) at any time without penalty; 

Advances will be made available to eligible depository institutions for a term of up to one year; 

The rate for term advances will be the one-year overnight index swap rate plus 10 basis points and will be fixed for the term of the advance on the day the advance is made; 

Advances made under the Program are made with recourse beyond the pledged collateral to the eligible depository institution; 

The BTFP will be an additional source of potential liquidity for the Bank until the date of the Program's termination. The BTFP may be accessed by the Bank if management determines that there is a potential or realized short-term liquidity requirement for which this facility should be used to support the Bank's operations. Management could also electively choose to use the facility in certain other circumstances to create other financial or operational benefits at the time that the BTFP line is accessed. As of the date of this filing, the BTFP has not been accessed by the Bank. 
 OFF-BALANCE SHEET ARRANGEMENTS 
 The Bank is also a party to financial instruments with off-balance sheet risk in the normal course of business to meet the financing needs of its customers. These financial instruments include commitments to extend credit and standby letters of credit. At December 31, 2022, the Bank had 216.0 million in outstanding commitments to extend credit and standby letters of credit. See Note 18 within the Notes to consolidated financial statements contained herein. 
 
 ITEM 7A: QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITAT IVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 
 Not required of a smaller reporting company. 
 - 60 - 

ITEM 8: FINANCIAL STATEMEN TS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 
 Index to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 Pathfinder Bancorp, Inc. 

Page 

Management s Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 
 62 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 
 64 

Consolidated Statements of Condition December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 
 66 

Consolidated Statements of Income Years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 
 67 

Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income Years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 
 68 

Consolidated Statements of Changes in Shareholders Equity Years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 
 69 

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows Years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 
 70 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 
 72 

- 61 - 

MANAGEMENT S REPORT ON INTERNAL C ONTROL OVER FINANCIAL REPORTING 
 
 Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
 
 Under the supervision and with the participation of our Chief Executive Officer CEO and our Chief Financial Officer CFO (the Company s principal executive officer and principal financial officer), management conducted an evaluation (the Evaluation of the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rule 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act) as of December 31, 2022. The term disclosure controls and procedures, under the Exchange Act, means controls and other procedures of a company that are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by a company in the reports that it files or submits under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported, within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms. Disclosure controls and procedures include, without limitation, controls and procedures designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by a company in the reports that it files or submits under the Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated to our management, including its principal executive officer and principal financial officer, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 
 
 Management recognizes that any controls and procedures, no matter how well designed and operated, can provide only reasonable assurance of achieving their objectives and management necessarily applies its judgment in evaluating the cost-benefit relationship of possible controls and procedures. 
 
 In connection with the filing of the Annual Report on Form 10-K as of December 31, 2022, our CEO and CFO concluded that the Company s internal control over financial reporting was effective as of December 31, 2022 at a reasonable assurance level. 
 
 Overview of Internal Control 
 
 Internal control processes and procedures help entities achieve important objectives and sustain and improve performance. The COSO Framework (as defined below) enables organizations to effectively and efficiently develop systems of internal control that adapt to changing business and operating environments, mitigate risks at acceptable levels and support sound decision making and governance of organizations. The COSO Framework defines internal control as a process, effected by an entity s Board of Directors, management, and other personnel, designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the achievement of objectives relating to operations, reporting and compliance. The COSO Framework provides three categories of objectives, which allow organizations to focus on differing aspects of internal control: (a) Operations Objectives, (b) Reporting Objectives and (c) Compliance Objectives. 

Management s Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 
 Management is responsible for establishing and maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting, as such term is defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) under the Exchange Act. Our internal control over financial reporting is designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with GAAP. 
 
 Management evaluates the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting and tests for reliability of recorded financial information through a program of ongoing internal audits. Any system of internal control, no matter how well designed, has inherent limitations, including the possibility that a control can be circumvented or overridden and misstatements due to error or fraud may occur and not be detected. Also, because of changes in conditions, internal control effectiveness may vary over time. Accordingly, even an effective system of internal control will provide only reasonable assurance with respect to financial statement preparation. Under applicable SEC accounting related rules, a material weakness is a deficiency, or combination of deficiencies, in internal control over financial reporting such that there is a reasonable possibility that a material misstatement of a company s annual or interim financial statements would not be prevented or detected on a timely basis. 
 
 Management conducted the Evaluation based on the 2013 framework established in Internal Control-Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (the COSO Framework). 
 
 As a result of the Evaluation as of December 31, 2022, management has determined that there were no material weaknesses in the Company s internal controls over financial reporting. 
 
 This annual report does not include an attestation report of the Company s independent registered public accounting firm regarding internal control over financial reporting. Management s report was not subject to attestation by the Company s independent registered public accounting firm pursuant to rules of the SEC that permit the Company to provide only management s report in this annual report. 
 
 - 62 - 

Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 
 There were no changes made in our internal controls during the year ended December 31, 2022 that materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, the Company s internal control over financial reporting. 

/s/ James A. Dowd 
 
 /s/ Walter F. Rusnak 

James A. Dowd 
 
 Walter F. Rusnak 

President and Chief Executive Officer 
 
 Senior Vice President, Chief Financial Officer 

Oswego, New York 
 March 31, 2023 
 - 63 - 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 To the Board of Directors and Shareholders of 
 Pathfinder Bancorp, Inc. 
 Oswego, New York: 
 
 Opinion on the Consolidated Financial Statements 
 We have audited the accompanying consolidated statements of condition of Pathfinder Bancorp, Inc. and subsidiaries (the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the related consolidated statements of income, comprehensive income, changes in shareholders equity, and cash flows for each of the years in the two-year period ended December 31, 2022, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the consolidated financial statements). In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of their operations and their cash flows for each of the years in the two-year period ended December 31, 2022, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 
 
 Basis for Opinion 
 These consolidated financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s consolidated financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB) and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 
 We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits, we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 
 
 Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the consolidated financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the consolidated financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 
 Critical Audit Matters 
 The critical audit matters communicated below are matters arising from the current period audit of the consolidated financial statements that were communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that: (1) relate to accounts or disclosures that are material to the consolidated financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of critical audit matters does not alter in any way our opinion on the consolidated financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matters below, providing separate opinions on the critical audit matters or on the accounts or disclosures to which they relate. 
 
 Allowance for Loan Losses 
 As described in Notes 1 and 6 to the consolidated financial statements, the Company s allowance for loan losses is management s estimate of losses inherent in the loan portfolio as of the date of the statement of condition and it is recorded as a reduction to loans. The allowance for loan losses was 15.3 million at December 31, 2022, which consists of three components (i) specific reserves based on probable losses on specific loans specific reserves ), and (ii) a general allowance based on historical loan loss experience, general economic conditions and other qualitative risk factors both internal and external to the Company general reserves ). The specific reserve component relates to loans that are classified as impaired and is established when the collateral value or discounted cash flows of the impaired loan are lower than the carrying value of the loan. The general reserve component of the allowance for loan losses covers pools of loans, by loan class, and is based on a variety of risk considerations, both quantitative and qualitative. Quantitative factors include the Company s historical loss experience, delinquency and charge-off trends, known information about individual loans and other factors. 
 
 Qualitative factors include various considerations regarding the general economic environment in the Company s market area. The qualitative adjustment for the general reserve includes management s consideration of changes in national and local economic trends, the rate of growth in the portfolio, trends of delinquencies and nonaccrual balances, changes in loan policy, and changes in lending management experience and related staffing. 
 - 64 - 

The qualitative adjustment contributes significantly to the general reserve component of the allowance for loan losses. Management s identification and analysis of these considerations and related adjustments requires significant judgment and could have a significant effect on the allowance for loan losses. We identified the estimate of the qualitative adjustments of the general reserve for the allowance for loan losses as a critical audit matter as they represent a significant portion of the total general reserve and because management s estimate relies on a qualitative analysis to determine a quantitative adjustment which required especially subjective auditor judgment . 
 
 The primary procedures we performed to address this critical audit matter included performing substantive testing, including evaluating management s judgments and assumptions for developing the general reserve qualitative adjustments for the allowance for loan losses, which consisted of the following: 
 Assessing management s methodology and considering whether relevant risks were reflected in the modeled provision and whether adjustments to modeled calculations were appropriate. 

Evaluating the completeness and accuracy of data inputs used as a basis for the adjustments relating to qualitative general reserve factors and considering whether the sources of data and factors that management used in forming the assumptions are relevant, reliable, and sufficient for the purpose based on the information gathered. 

Evaluating the reasonableness of management s judgments related to the qualitative and quantitative assessment of the data used in the determination of the general reserve qualitative adjustments for consistency with each other, the supporting data, relevant historical data, and industry data. 

Assessing whether historical data is comparable and consistent with data of the current year and considering whether the data is sufficiently reliable. Among other procedures, our evaluation considered evidence from internal and external sources, loan portfolio performance and whether such assumptions were applied consistently period to period. 

Analytically evaluating the qualitative adjustment in the current year compared to prior years for directional consistency and reasonableness. 

Evaluated whether management s judgments and assumptions adequately contemplated the impact of COVID-19 on management s quantitative and qualitative assessment. 

Testing the calculations used by management to translate the assumptions and key factors into the allowance estimated amount. 

We have served as the Company s auditor since 2011. 

/s/ BONADIO CO., LLP 

March 31, 2023 

- 65 - 

Pathfinder Bancorp, Inc. 
 Consolidated Statem ents of Condition 

December 31, 

December 31, 

(In thousands, except share and per share data) 
 
 2022 

2021 

ASSETS: 

Cash and due from banks (including restricted balances of and , respectively) 

Interest-earning deposits (including restricted balances of and , respectively) 

Total cash and cash equivalents 

Available-for-sale securities, at fair value 

Held-to-maturity securities, at amortized cost (fair value of and , respectively) 

Marketable securities, at fair value 

Federal Home Loan Bank stock, at cost 

Loans 

Loans held-for-sale 

Less: Allowance for loan losses 

Loans receivable, net 

Premises and equipment, net 

Assets held-for-sale 

Operating lease right-of-use assets 

Finance lease right-of-use assets 

Accrued interest receivable 

Foreclosed real estate 

Intangible assets, net 

Goodwill 

Bank owned life insurance 

Other assets 

Total assets 

LIABILITIES AND SHAREHOLDERS' EQUITY: 

Deposits: 

Interest-bearing 

Noninterest-bearing 

Total deposits 

Short-term borrowings 

Long-term borrowings 

Subordinated debt 

Accrued interest payable 

Operating lease liabilities 

Finance lease liabilities 

Other liabilities 

Total liabilities 

Shareholders' equity: 

Voting common stock, par value ; authorized shares; and shares issued and outstanding, respectively 

Non-Voting common stock, par value ; authorized shares; and shares issued and outstanding, respectively 

Additional paid in capital 

Retained earnings 

Accumulated other comprehensive loss 

() 

() 

Unearned ESOP 

() 

() 

Total Pathfinder Bancorp, Inc. shareholders' equity 

Noncontrolling interest 

Total equity 

Total liabilities and shareholders' equity 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of the consolidated financial statements. 
 - 66 - 

Pathfinder Bancorp, Inc. 
 Consolidated Stat ements of Income 

For the years ended 

(In thousands, except per share data) 
 December 31, 2022 

December 31, 2021 

Interest and dividend income: 

Loans, including fees 

Debt securities: 
 
 - 

- 

Taxable 

Tax-exempt 

Dividends 

Federal funds sold and interest earning deposits 

Total interest and dividend income 

Interest expense: 

Interest on deposits 

Interest on short-term borrowings 

Interest on long-term borrowings 

Interest on subordinated debt 

Total interest expense 

Net interest income 

Provision for loan losses 

Net interest income after provision for loan losses 

Noninterest income: 

Service charges on deposit accounts 

Earnings and gain on bank owned life insurance 

Loan servicing fees 

Net (losses) gains on sales and redemptions of investment securities 
 
 () 

Gains on marketable securities 

Net gains on sales of loans and foreclosed real estate 

Net (losses) gains on sale of premises and equipment 
 
 () 

Debit card interchange fees 

Insurance agency revenue 

Other charges, commissions fees 

Total noninterest income 

Noninterest expense: 

Salaries and employee benefits 

Building and occupancy 

Data processing 

Professional and other services 

Advertising 

FDIC assessments 

Audits and exams 

Insurance agency expense 

Community service activities 

Foreclosed real estate expenses 

Other expenses 

Total noninterest expense 

Income before income taxes 

Provision for income taxes 

Net income attributable to noncontrolling interest and Pathfinder Bancorp, Inc. 

Net income attributable to noncontrolling interest 

Net income attributable to Pathfinder Bancorp Inc. 

Voting Earnings per common share - basic and diluted 

Series A Non-Voting Earnings per common share- basic and diluted 

Dividends per common share (Voting and Series A Non-Voting) 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of the consolidated financial statements. 
 - 67 - 

Pathfinder B ancorp, Inc. 
 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income 

For the years ended 

(In thousands) 
 
 December 31, 2022 

December 31, 2021 

Net Income 

Other Comprehensive Income 

Retirement Plans: 

Retirement plan net gains recognized in plan expenses 

Plan (losses) gains not recognized in plan expenses 

() 

Net unrealized (losses) gains on retirement plans 

() 

Available-for-sale securities: 

Unrealized holding losses arising during the period 

() 

() 

Reclassification adjustment for net losses (gains) included in net income 

() 

Net unrealized losses on available-for-sale securities 

() 

() 

Derivatives and hedging activities: 

Unrealized holding gains arising during the period 

Net unrealized gains on derivatives and hedging activities 

Accretion of net unrealized (losses) gains on securities transferred to held-to-maturity (1) 

() 

Other comprehensive (loss) income, before tax 

() 

Tax effect 

() 

Other comprehensive (loss) income, net of tax 

() 

Comprehensive income 

Comprehensive income, attributable to noncontrolling interest 

Comprehensive income attributable to Pathfinder Bancorp, Inc. 

Tax Effect Allocated to Each Component of Other Comprehensive Income 

Retirement plan net gains recognized in plan expenses 

() 

Plan losses (gains) not recognized in plan expenses 

() 

Unrealized holding losses arising during the period 

Reclassification adjustment for net (losses) gains included in net income 

() 

Unrealized gains on derivatives and hedging arising during the period 

() 

() 

Accretion of net unrealized loss on securities transferred to held-to-maturity (1) 

() 

Income tax effect related to other comprehensive income 

() 

(1) 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of the consolidated financial statements. 
 - 68 - 

Pathfinder Bancorp, Inc. 
 Consolidated Statements of Ch anges in Shareholders Equity 
 Years ended December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 

(In thousands, except share and per share data) 
 
 Preferred Stock 

Common Stock 

Non-Voting Common Stock 

Additional Paid in Capital 

Retained Earnings 

Accumulated Other Comprehensive Loss 

Unearned ESOP 

Non-controlling Interest 

Total 

Balance, January 1, 2022 

- 

() 

() 

Net income 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

Other comprehensive income, net of tax 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

() 

- 

- 

() 

ESOP shares earned shares) 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

Stock based compensation 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

Stock options exercised 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

Common stock dividends declared per share) 

- 

- 

- 

- 

() 

- 

- 

- 

() 

Non-Voting common stock dividends declared per share) 

- 

- 

- 

- 

() 

- 

- 

- 

() 

Warrant dividends declared per share) 

- 

- 

- 

- 

() 

- 

- 

- 

() 

Cumulative effect of affiliate capital allocation 

- 

- 

- 

() 

- 

- 

- 

Distributions from affiliates 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

() 

() 

Balance, December 31, 2022 

- 

() 

() 

Balance, January 1, 2021 

- 

() 

() 

Net income 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

Conversion of Preferred stock to Non-Voting common stock 

() 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

Other comprehensive income, net of tax 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

ESOP shares earned shares) 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

Stock based compensation 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

Stock options exercised 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

Common stock dividends declared per share) 

- 

- 

- 

- 

() 

- 

- 

- 

() 

Non-Voting common stock dividends declared per share) 

- 

- 

- 

- 

() 

- 

- 

- 

() 

Preferred stock dividends declared per share) 

- 

- 

- 

- 

() 

- 

- 

- 

() 

Warrant dividends declared per share) 

- 

- 

- 

- 

() 

- 

- 

- 

() 

Cumulative effect of affiliate capital allocation 

- 

- 

- 

() 

- 

- 

- 

Distributions from affiliates 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

() 

() 

Balance, December 31, 2021 

- 

() 

() 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of the consolidated financial statements. 
 - 69 - 

Pathfinder Bancorp, Inc. 
 Consolidated Statem ents of Cash Flows 

For the years ended December 31, 

(In thousands) 
 
 2022 

2021 

OPERATING ACTIVITIES 

Net income attributable to Pathfinder Bancorp, Inc. 

Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash flows from operating activities: 

Provision for loan losses 

Deferred income expense (benefit) tax 

Amortization of operating leases 

() 

Proceeds from sales of loans 

Originations of loans held-for-sale 

() 

() 

Realized (gains) losses on sales, redemptions and calls of: 

Loans 

() 

() 

Available-for-sale investment securities 

() 

Held-to-maturity investment securities 

() 

Premises and equipment 

() 

() 

Marketable securities 

() 

() 

Impairment of asset 

Depreciation 

Amortization of mortgage servicing rights 

() 

() 

Amortization of deferred loan costs 

Amortization of deferred financing from subordinated debt 

Earnings on bank owned life insurance 

() 

() 

Net amortization of premiums and discounts on investment securities 

Amortization of intangible assets 

Stock based compensation and ESOP expense 

Net change in accrued interest receivable 

() 

Payment of executive deferred compensation and SERP contracts, expensed in prior periods 

() 

Net change in other assets and liabilities 

Net cash flows from operating activities 

INVESTING ACTIVITIES 

Purchase of investment securities available-for-sale 

() 

() 

Purchase of investment securities held-to-maturity 

() 

() 

Purchase of Federal Home Loan Bank stock 

() 

() 

Proceeds from redemption of Federal Home Loan Bank stock 

Purchase of marketable securities 

() 

Proceeds from maturities and principal reductions of investment securities available-for-sale 

Proceeds from maturities and principal reductions of investment securities held-to-maturity 

Proceeds from sales, redemptions and calls of: 

Available-for-sale investment securities 

Held-to-maturity investment securities 

Marketable securities 

Purchase of bank owned life insurance 

() 

Net change in loans 

() 

() 

Purchase of premises and equipment 

() 

() 

Insurance proceeds from fixed assets 

Disposal of premises and equipment 

() 

Proceeds from sale of premises and equipment 

Net cash outflows from investing activities 

() 

() 

FINANCING ACTIVITIES 

Net change in demand deposits, NOW accounts, savings accounts, money management deposit accounts, MMDA accounts and escrow deposits 

Net change in time deposits 

() 

() 

Net change in brokered deposits 

() 

Net change in short-term borrowings 

Payments on long-term borrowings 

() 

() 

Proceeds from long-term borrowings 

Payments on sub-debt borrowings 

() 

- 70 - 

Proceeds from exercise of stock options 

Cash dividends paid to common voting shareholders 

() 

() 

Cash dividends paid to common non-voting shareholders 

() 

() 

Cash dividends paid to preferred shareholders 

() 

Cash dividends paid on warrants 

() 

() 

Change in noncontrolling interest, net 

Net cash flows from financing activities 

Change in cash and cash equivalents 

() 

() 

Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of period 

Cash and cash equivalents at end of period 

CASH PAID DURING THE PERIOD FOR: 

Interest 

Income taxes 

NON-CASH INVESTING ACTIVITY 

Real estate acquired in exchange for loans 

Transfer from net premises for held for sale investment 

RESTRICTED CASH 

Collateral deposits for hedge position included in cash and due from banks 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of the consolidated financial statements. 
 - 71 - 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 wholly owned operating subsidiaries, Pathfinder Risk Management Company, Inc. PRMC and Whispering Oaks Development Corp. All significant inter-company accounts and activity have been eliminated in consolidation. Although the Company owns, through its subsidiary PRMC, of the membership interest in FitzGibbons Agency, LLC FitzGibbons ), the Company is required to consolidate of FitzGibbons within the consolidated financial statements. The of which the Company does not own is accounted for separately as noncontrolling interests within the consolidated financial statements. The Company has branch offices located in Oswego County, branch offices in Onondaga County and limited purpose office in Oneida County. The Company is primarily engaged in the business of attracting deposits from the general public in the Company s market area, and investing such deposits, together with other sources of funds, in loans secured by commercial real estate, business assets, one-to-four family residential real estate and investment securities. 

. All residential loan appraisals are reviewed by an individual or third party who is independent of the loan origination or approval process and was not involved in the approval of appraisers or selection of the appraiser for the transaction, and has no direct or indirect interest, financial or otherwise in the property or the transaction. Note 4 discusses the types of securities that the Company invests in. Note 5 discusses the types of lending that the Company engages in. 

or less). 

recoveries, if any, are credited to the allowance. All, or part, of the principal balance of loans receivable are charged off to the allowance as soon as it is determined that the repayment of all, or part, of the principal balance is highly unlikely. Non-residential consumer loans are generally charged off no later than 120 days past due on a contractual basis, unless productive collection efforts are providing results. Consumer loans may be charged off earlier in the event of bankruptcy, or if there is an amount that is deemed uncollectible. No portion of the allowance for loan losses is restricted to any individual loan product and the entire allowance is available to absorb any and all loan losses. The allowance for loan losses is maintained at a level considered adequate to provide for losses that can be reasonably anticipated. Management performs a quarterly evaluation of the adequacy of the allowance. The allowance is based on three major components which are; specific components for larger loans, recent historical losses and several qualitative factors applied to a general pool of loans, and an unallocated component. The first component is the specific component that relates to loans that are classified as impaired. For these loans, an allowance is established when the discounted cash flows or collateral value of the impaired loan is lower than the carrying value of that loan. The second or general component covers pools of loans, by loan class, not considered impaired, smaller balance homogeneous loans, such as residential real estate, home equity and other consumer loans. These pools of loans are evaluated for loss exposure first based on historical loss rates for each of these categories of loans. The ratio of net charge-offs to loans outstanding within each product class, over the most recent eight quarters, lagged by one quarter, is used to generate the historical loss rates. In addition, qualitative factors are added to the historical loss rates in arriving at the total allowance for loan loss need for this general pool of loans. The qualitative factors include changes in national and local economic trends, the rate of growth in the portfolio, trends of delinquencies and nonaccrual balances, changes in loan policy, and changes in lending management experience and related staffing. Each factor is assigned a value to reflect improving, stable or declining conditions based on management s best judgment using relevant information available at the time of the evaluation. These qualitative factors, applied to each product class, make the evaluation inherently subjective, as it requires material estimates that may be susceptible to significant revision as more information becomes available. Adjustments to the factors are supported through documentation of changes in conditions in a narrative accompanying the allowance for loan loss analysis and calculation. The third or unallocated component is maintained to cover uncertainties that could affect management s estimate of probable losses. The unallocated component of the allowance reflects the margin of imprecision inherent in the underlying assumptions used in the methodologies for estimating specific and general losses in the portfolio and generally comprises less than of the total allowance for loan loss. A loan is considered impaired when, based on current information and events, it is probable that the Company will be unable to collect the scheduled payments of principal or interest when due according to the contractual terms of the loan agreement. Factors considered by management in determining impairment include payment status, collateral value and the probability of collecting scheduled principal and interest payments when due. Loans that experience insignificant payment delays and payment shortfalls generally are not classified as impaired. Management determines the significance of payment delays and shortfalls on a case-by case basis, taking into consideration all of the circumstances surrounding the loan and the borrower, including the length and reason for the delay, the borrower s prior payment record and the amount of shortfall in relation to what is owed. Impairment is measured by either the present value of the expected future cash flows discounted at the loan s effective interest rate or the fair value of the underlying collateral, if the loan is collateral dependent. The majority of the Company s loans utilize the fair value of the underlying collateral. An allowance for loan loss is established for an impaired loan if its carrying value exceeds its estimated fair value. The estimated fair values of substantially all of the Company s impaired loans are measured based on the estimated fair value of the loan s collateral. For loans secured by real estate, estimated fair values are determined primarily through third-party appraisals, less costs to sell. Appraised values are discounted to arrive at the estimated selling price of the collateral, which is considered to be the estimated fair value. The discounts also include estimated costs to sell the property. For commercial and industrial loans secured by non-real estate collateral, such as accounts receivable, inventory and equipment, estimated fair values are determined based on the borrower s financial statements, inventory reports, accounts receivable agings or equipment appraisals or invoices. Indications of value from these sources are generally discounted based on the age of the financial information or the quality of the assets. Large groups of homogeneous loans are collectively evaluated for impairment. Accordingly, the Company does not separately identify individual residential mortgage loans less than , home equity and other consumer loans for impairment disclosures, unless such loans are related to borrowers with impaired commercial loans or they are subject to a troubled debt restructuring agreement. Loans that are related to borrowers with impaired commercial loans or are subject to a troubled debt restructuring agreement are evaluated individually for impairment. Commercial loans whose terms are modified are classified as troubled debt restructurings if the Company grants such borrowers concessions and it is deemed that those borrowers are experiencing financial difficulty. Concessions granted under a troubled debt restructuring generally include but are not limited to a temporary reduction in the interest rate or an extension of a loan s stated maturity date. Commercial loans classified as troubled debt restructurings are designated as impaired and evaluated individually as discussed above. The allowance calculation methodology includes further segregation of loan classes into risk rating categories. The borrower s overall financial condition, repayment sources, guarantors and value of the collateral, if appropriate, are evaluated not less than annually for commercial loans or when credit deficiencies arise on all loans. Credit quality risk ratings include regulatory classifications of special mention, substandard, doubtful and loss. See Note 5 for a description of these regulatory classifications. In addition, Federal and State regulatory agencies, as an integral part of their examination process, periodically review the Company s allowance for loan losses and may require the Company to recognize additions to the allowance based on their judgments about information available to them at the time of their examination, which may not be currently available to management. Based on management s comprehensive analysis of the loan portfolio, management believes the current level of the allowance for loan losses is adequate. Beginning on January 1, 2023, the Company adopted ASU 2016-13: Financial Instruments Credit Losses [Topic 326]: Measurement of Credit Losses on Financial Instruments. See Notes 2 and 6 for a further discussion of this transition. 
 , and the ultimate collectability of the total contractual principal and interest is no longer in doubt. Nonaccrual troubled debt restructurings are restored to accrual status if principal and interest payments, under the modified terms, are current for six consecutive months after modification. For nonaccrual loans, when future collectability of the recorded loan balance is expected, interest income may be recognized on a cash basis. In the case where a nonaccrual loan had been partially charged off, recognition of interest on a cash basis is limited to that which would have been recognized on the recorded loan balance at the contractual interest rate. Cash interest receipts in excess of that amount are recorded as recoveries to the allowance for loan losses until prior charge-offs have been fully recovered. 

years for premises and leasehold improvements and years for equipment. Maintenance and repairs are charged to operating expenses as incurred. The asset cost and accumulated depreciation are removed from the accounts for assets sold or retired and any resulting gain or loss is included in the determination of income. 
 years. 

primary types of interest rate derivatives that may be employed by the Company: Fair Value Hedge - As a result of interest rate fluctuations, fixed-rate assets and liabilities will appreciate or depreciate in fair value over the course of their economic lives prior to maturity. When effectively hedged, this appreciation or depreciation will generally be offset by fluctuations in the fair value of derivative instruments that are linked to the hedged assets and liabilities. This strategy is referred to as a fair value hedge. For a fair value hedge, changes in the fair value of the derivative instrument and changes in the 

 fair value of the hedged asset or liability are expected to substantially offset each other and these changes are recognized currently in earnings. 

 Cash Flow Hedge - Cash flows related to floating rate assets and liabilities will fluctuate with changes in the underlying rate index. When effectively hedged, the increases or decreases in cash flows related to the floating-rate asset or liability will generally be offset by changes in cash flows of the derivative instruments designated as a hedge. This strategy is referred to as a cash flow hedge. For a cash flow hedge, changes in the fair value of the derivative instrument, to the extent that it is effective, are recorded in other comprehensive income and subsequently reclassified to earnings as the hedged transaction impacts net income. Any ineffective portion of a cash flow hedge is recognized currently in earnings. 

() 

Tax effect 

Net unrealized loss for pension and other postretirement obligations 

() 

() 

Unrealized (loss) gain on available-for-sale securities 

() 

Tax effect 

() 

Net unrealized (loss) gain on available-for-sale securities 

() 

Unrealized holding gain (loss) on hedging activities arising during the period 

() 

Tax effect 

() 

Net unrealized gain (loss) on hedging activities 

() 

Unrealized loss on securities transferred to held-to-maturity 

() 

Tax effect 

Net unrealized gain (loss) on securities transferred to held-to-maturity 

Accumulated other comprehensive loss 

() 

() 

- 78 - 

million and simultaneously increasing its deferred tax asset balance (a component of other assets on the Statement of Financial Condition) by . These entries resulted in a one-time reduction in the Company's January 1, 2023 retained earnings (a component of tangible common equity) of million on the adoption date. Per the new guidance, this one-time transitional adjustment was not recorded as a charge to net income and will have no effect on reported net income in the first quarter of 2023. 

- 80 - 

- 81 - 

shares of its Series B Convertible Perpetual Preferred Stock to an equal number of shares of its newly-created Series A Non-Voting Common Stock. The conversion, which was effective on June 28, 2021, represented 100 of the Company's Convertible Perpetual Preferred Stock outstanding at the time of the conversion and retired the Convertible Perpetual Preferred Stock in perpetuity. The Company has voting common stock, non-voting common stock and a warrant that are all eligible to participate in dividends equal to the voting common stock dividends on a per share basis. Securities that participate in dividends, such as the Company s non-voting common stock and warrant, are considered participating securities. The Company calculates net income available to voting common shareholders using the two-class method required for capital structures that include participating securities. In applying the two-class method, basic net income per share was calculated by dividing net income (less any dividends on participating securities) by the weighted average number of shares of common stock and participating securities outstanding for the period. Diluted earnings per share may include the additional effect of other securities, if dilutive, in which case the dilutive effect of such securities is calculated by applying either the two-class method or the Treasury Stock method to the assumed exercise or vesting of potentially dilutive common shares. The method yielding the more dilutive result is ultimately reported for the applicable period. Potentially dilutive common stock equivalents primarily consist of employee stock options and restricted stock units. Unallocated common shares held by the ESOP are not included in the weighted average number of common shares outstanding for purposes of calculating earnings per common share until they are committed to be released to plan participants. Anti-dilutive shares are common stock equivalents with average exercise prices in excess of the weighted average market price for the period presented. Anti-dilutive stock options, not included in the computation below, were - - for the years ended 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

Convertible preferred stock dividends 

Series A Non-Voting Common Stock dividends 

Warrant dividends 

Undistributed earnings allocated to participating securities 

Net income available to common shareholders- Voting 

Net income attributable to Pathfinder Bancorp, Inc. 

Convertible preferred stock dividends 

Voting Common Stock dividends 

Warrant dividends 

Undistributed earnings allocated to participating securities 

Net income available to common shareholders- Series A Non-Voting 

Basic and diluted weighted average common shares outstanding- Voting 

Basic and diluted weighted average common shares outstanding- Series A Non-Voting 

Basic and diluted earnings per common share- Voting 

Basic and diluted earnings per common share- Series A Non-Voting 

- 82 - 

1 

() 

State and political subdivisions 

() 

Corporate 

() 

Asset backed securities 

() 

Residential mortgage-backed - US agency 

() 

Collateralized mortgage obligations - US agency 

() 

Collateralized mortgage obligations - Private label 

() 

Total 

() 

Equity investment securities: 

Common stock - financial services industry 

Total 

Total available-for-sale 

() 

Held-to-Maturity Portfolio 

Debt investment securities: 

US Treasury, agencies and GSEs 

() 

State and political subdivisions 

() 

Corporate 

() 

Asset backed securities 

() 

Residential mortgage-backed - US agency 

() 

Collateralized mortgage obligations - US agency 

() 

Collateralized mortgage obligations - Private label 

() 

Total held-to-maturity 

() 

December 31, 2021 

Gross 

Gross 

Estimated 

Amortized 

Unrealized 

Unrealized 

Fair 

(In thousands) 
 
 Cost 

Gains 

Losses 

Value 

Available-for-Sale Portfolio 

Debt investment securities: 

US Treasury, agencies and GSEs 

() 

State and political subdivisions 

() 

Corporate 

() 

Asset backed securities 

() 

Residential mortgage-backed - US agency 

() 

Collateralized mortgage obligations - US agency 

() 

Collateralized mortgage obligations - Private label 

() 

Total 

() 

Equity investment securities: 

Common stock - financial services industry 

Total 

Total available-for-sale 

() 

Held-to-Maturity Portfolio 

Debt investment securities: 

US Treasury, agencies and GSEs 

State and political subdivisions 

() 

Corporate 

() 

Asset backed securities 

() 

Residential mortgage-backed - US agency 

() 

Collateralized mortgage obligations - US agency 

() 

Collateralized mortgage obligations - Private label 

() 

Total held-to-maturity 

() 

A substantial percentage of the Company s investments in mortgage-backed securities include pass-through securities and collateralized mortgage obligations issued and guaranteed by Fannie Mae, Freddie Mac, and Ginnie Mae. At December 31, 2022, the Company also held a total of private-label mortgage-backed securities, collateralized mortgage obligations or asset-backed securities with an aggregate book balance of million. At December 31, 2021, the Company also held a total of private-label mortgage-backed securities, collateralized mortgage obligations or asset-backed securities with an aggregate book balance of million. These investments are relatively short-duration securities with significant credit enhancements. The Company s investments in state and political obligation securities are generally municipal obligations that are categorized as general obligations of the issuer that are supported by the overall taxing authority of the issuer, and in some cases are insured. The obligations issued by school districts are generally supported by state administered insurance funds or credit enhancement programs. 

Due after one year through five years 

Due after five years through ten years 

Due after ten years 

Sub-total 

Residential mortgage-backed - US agency 

Collateralized mortgage obligations - US agency 

Collateralized mortgage obligations - Private label 

Totals 

() 

() 

State and political subdivisions 

() 

() 

() 

Corporate 

() 

() 

() 

Asset backed securities 

() 

() 

() 

Residential mortgage-backed - US agency 

() 

() 

() 

Collateralized mortgage obligations - US agency 

() 

() 

() 

Collateralized mortgage obligations - Private label 

() 

() 

() 

Totals 

() 

() 

() 

Held-to-Maturity Portfolio 

US Treasury, agencies and GSE's 

() 

() 

State and political subdivisions 

() 

() 

() 

Corporate 

() 

() 

() 

Asset backed securities 

() 

() 

() 

Residential mortgage-backed - US agency 

() 

() 

() 

Collateralized mortgage obligations - US agency 

() 

() 

() 

Collateralized mortgage obligations - Private label 

() 

() 

() 

Totals 

() 

() 

() 

December 31, 2021 

Less than Twelve Months 

Twelve Months or More 

Total 

Number of 

Number of 

Number of 

Individual 

Unrealized 

Fair 

Individual 

Unrealized 

Fair 

Individual 

Unrealized 

Fair 

(Dollars in thousands) 
 
 Securities 

Losses 

Value 

Securities 

Losses 

Value 

Securities 

Losses 

Value 

Available-for-Sale Portfolio 

US Treasury, agencies and GSE's 

() 

- 

() 

State and political subdivisions 

() 

- 

() 

Corporate 

() 

() 

() 

Asset backed securities 

() 

- 

() 

Residential mortgage-backed - US agency 

() 

- 

() 

Collateralized mortgage obligations - US agency 

() 

() 

() 

Collateralized mortgage obligations - Private label 

() 

() 

() 

Totals 

() 

() 

() 

Held-to-Maturity Portfolio 

State and political subdivisions 

() 

() 

() 

Corporate 

() 

() 

Asset backed securities 

() 

() 

() 

Residential mortgage-backed - US agency 

() 

() 

Collateralized mortgage obligations - US agency 

() 

() 

Collateralized mortgage obligations - Private label 

() 

() 

() 

Totals 

() 

() 

() 

Other Than Temporary Impairment The Company conducts a formal review of investment securities on a quarterly basis for the presence of OTTI. The Company assesses whether OTTI is present when the fair value of a debt security is less than its amortized cost basis at the statement of condition date. Under these circumstances, OTTI is considered to have occurred (1) if we intend to sell the security; (2) if it is more likely than not we will be required to sell the security before recovery of its amortized cost basis; or (3) the present value of expected cash flows is not anticipated to be sufficient to recover the entire amortized cost basis. The guidance requires that credit-related OTTI is recognized in earnings while non-credit-related OTTI on securities not expected to be sold is recognized in other comprehensive income OCI ). Non-credit-related OTTI is based on other factors, including illiquidity and changes in the general interest rate environment. Presentation of OTTI is made in the consolidated statement of income on a gross basis, including both the portion recognized in earnings, as well as the portion recorded in OCI. The gross OTTI would then be offset by the amount of non-credit-related OTTI, showing the net as the impact on earnings. M anagement does not believe any unrealized losses in individual investment securities within the portfolio as of December 31, 2022 represent OTTI. There were a total of securities classified as available-for-sale with an aggregate amortized historical cost of million and an unrealized aggregate loss of million, or - , that were in an unrealized loss position for 12 months or longer at December 31, 2022. In addition, there were securities classified as held-to-maturity with an aggregate amortized historical cost of million and an unrealized aggregate loss of million, or - , that were in an unrealized loss position for 12 months or longer at December 31, 2022. In total, therefore, at December 31, 2022 there were securities with an aggregate book value of million and an aggregate fair value of million, representing a loss of million, or - , that were in an unrealized loss position for 12 months or more on that date. All of the securities which have been in an unrealized loss position for 12 months or more at December 31, 2022 have been individually analyzed and none of the securities are considered to be impaired. These securities have unrealized losses primarily due to fluctuations in general interest rates or changes in expected prepayments. In all cases, price improvement in future periods will be realized as the issuances approach maturity. Of the securities in an unrealized loss position for 12 months or more at December 31, 2022, securities, with aggregate amortized cost balances of million and representing of the aggregate amortized cost of all securities in an unrealized loss position for 12 months or more, are issued by the United States government or GSEs (collectively, government-issued securities and are therefore either explicitly or implicitly guaranteed as to the timely payment of contractual principal and interest These positions are deemed to have no credit impairment, thus, the disclosed unrealized losses relate primarily to changes in prevailing interest rates. 

- 

- 

Corporate 

- 

- 

Asset backed securities 

- 

- 

Collateralized mortgage obligations - Private label 

- 

- 

Totals 

Held-to-Maturity Portfolio 

State and political subdivisions 

- 

- 

Corporate 

- 

- 

Asset backed securities 

- 

- 

Collateralized mortgage obligations - Private label 

- 

- 

Totals 

Of the total securities in an unrealized loss position for 12 months or more at December 31, 2022 (see table above), securities, with aggregate amortized cost balances of million and representing of the aggregate amortized cost of all non-government-issued securities in an unrealized loss position for 12 months or more, are currently rated by one of more NRSRO at or above the minimum investment grade. These positions are deemed to have no credit impairment, thus, the disclosed unrealized losses relate primarily to changes in prevailing interest rates. In addition to the government-issued and NRSRO-rated securities discussed above, representing of all securities in a loss position greater than 12 months at December 31, 2022, the Company held non-government-issued/backed securities that were in an unrealized loss position for 12 or more months at December 31, 2022 and are unrated by any NRSRO. All of these securities were unrated at the time of their original issuance. These securities are primarily privately-issued asset-backed or mortgage-backed securities (including issuances backed by commercial real estate mortgages). Most of these securities have significant credit enhancements in place in the form of cash reserves or other overcollateralization and of these, the vast majority are the most senior tranche with respect to credit priority in the overall issuance structure for that particular security. Given the characteristics of the underlying loans supporting each of these securities and the credit enhancements in place, it is unlikely that any of the Company s unrated securities, now in a loss position for 12 or more months, will experience any loss of principal in currently foreseeable economic environments prior to the security s respective maturity dates. Additional Disclosures million and million, respectively on sales and redemptions of securities for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 resulted in gross realized gains (losses) detailed below: 

(In thousands) 
 
 2022 

2021 

Realized gains on investments 

Realized losses on investments 

() 

() 

() 

As of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, securities with a fair value of million and million, respectively, were pledged to collateralize certain municipal deposit relationships. As of the same dates, securities with a fair value of million and million were pledged against certain borrowing arrangements. Management has reviewed its loan and mortgage-backed securities portfolios and determined that, to the best of its knowledge, little or no exposure exists to sub-prime or other high-risk residential mortgages. The Company is not in the practice of investing in, or originating, these types of investments. 

Construction 

Loans held-for-sale 

Total residential mortgage loans 

Commercial loans: 

Real estate 

Lines of credit 

Other commercial and industrial 

Paycheck Protection Program loans 

Tax exempt loans 

Total commercial loans 

Consumer loans: 

Home equity and junior liens 

Other consumer 

Total consumer loans 

Total loans 

Net deferred loan fees 

() 

() 

Less allowance for loan losses 

Loans receivable, net 

Paycheck Protection Program PPP The Bank participated in all rounds of the PPP funded by the U.S. Treasury Department and administered by the U.S. SBA pursuant to the CARES Act and subsequent legislation. PPP loans have an interest rate of and a or loan term to maturity. The SBA guarantees 100 of the PPP loans made to eligible borrowers. The entire principal amount of the borrower s PPP loan, including any accrued interest, is eligible to be reduced by the loan forgiveness amount under the PPP so long as employee and compensation levels of the business are maintained and the loan proceeds are used for qualifying expenses. The PPP ended in May 2021. 

Funded balance of PPP loans originated in the year 

Number of PPP loans forgiven in the year 

Balance of PPP loans forgiven in the year 

Deferred PPP fee income recognized in the year 

(In thousands) 
 
 December 31, 2022 

December 31, 2021 

Unearned PPP deferred fee income at end of year 

(In thousands, except number of loans) 
 
 Number 

Balance 

Total PPP loans originated since inception 

Total PPP loans forgiven since inception 

Total PPP loans remaining at December 31, 2022 

The Bank received million in fees from the SBA associated with PPP lending activities during 2020 and 2021 and recognized and million of those fees in 2022 and 2021, respectively. At December 31, 2022, the Bank held PPP loans in its portfolio, representing in outstanding loan balances, and anticipates that all activities related to the PPP will be completed in the first quarter of 2023. Future credit-related performance of a loan portfolio generally depends upon the types of loans within the portfolio, concentrations by type of loan and the quality of the collateral securing the loans. 

Commercial Real Estate: 

Mixed Use 

Multi-Family Residential 

Hotels and Motels 

Office 

Retail 

1-4 Family Residential 

Automobile Dealership 

Skilled Nursing Facility 

Recreation/ Golf Course/ Marina 

Warehouse 

Manufacturing/Industrial 

Restaurant 

Automobile Repair 

Hospitals 

Not-For-Profit Community Service Real Estate 

Land 

All Other 

Total Commercial Real Estate Loans 

Commercial and Industrial: 

Secured Term Loans 

Unsecured Term Loans 

Secured Lines of Credit 

Unsecured Lines of Credit 

Total Commercial and Industrial Loans 

Tax Exempt Loans 

Paycheck Protection Program Loans 

Consumer: 

Home Equity Lines of Credit 

Vehicle 

Consumer Secured 

Consumer Unsecured 

All Others 

Total Consumer Loans 

Net deferred loan fees 

() 

- 

- 

Unallocated allowance for loan losses 

() 

- 

- 

Total Loans 

In 2019, the Bank acquired seven diverse pools of loans, originated by unrelated third parties. There were six new loan pools added in 2021. No new loan pools were acquired in 2022. 

- years 

Commercial and industrial loans (6/2019) 

- 

- years 

- 

Home equity lines of credit (8/2019) 

- years 

- 

Unsecured consumer loan pool 2 (11/2019) 

- years 

- 

Residential real estate loans (12/2019) 

- years 

- 

Unsecured consumer loan pool 1 (12/2019) 

- 

- years 

- 

Unsecured consumer installment loans pool 3 (12/2019) 

- years 

Secured consumer installment loans pool 4 (12/2020) 

() 

- years 

- 

Unsecured consumer loans pool 5 (1/2021) 

() 

- years 

- 

Revolving commercial line of credit 1 (3/2021) 

- year 

- 

Secured consumer installment loans (11/2021) 

() 

- years 

- 

Revolving commercial line of credit 2 (11/2021) 

- year 

- 

Unsecured consumer loans pool 6 (11/2021) 

() 

- years 

- 

Total 

() 

(In thousands, except number of loans) 
 
 December 31, 2021 

Original Balance 

Current Balance 

Unamortized Premium/ (Discount) 

Number of Loans 

Maturity Range 
 
 Cumulative net charge-offs 

Automobile loans (1/2017) 

- years 

Commercial and industrial loans (6/2019) 

- 

- years 

- 

Home equity lines of credit (8/2019) 

- years 

- 

Unsecured consumer loan pool 2 (11/2019) 

- years 

- 

Residential real estate loans (12/2019) 

- years 

- 

Unsecured consumer loan pool 1 (12/2019) 

- 

- years 

- 

Unsecured consumer installment loans pool 3 (12/2019) 

- years 

Secured consumer installment loans pool 4 (12/2020) 

() 

- years 

- 

Unsecured consumer loans pool 5 (1/2021) 

() 

- years 

- 

Revolving commercial line of credit 1 (3/2021) 

- year 

- 

Secured consumer installment loans (11/2021) 

() 

- years 

- 

Revolving commercial line of credit 2 (11/2021) 

- year 

- 

Unsecured consumer loans pool 6 (11/2021) 

() 

- years 

- 

Total 

() 

As of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, residential mortgage loans with a carrying value of million and million, respectively, have been pledged by the Company to the FHLBNY under a blanket collateral agreement to secure the Company s line of credit and term borrowings. Risk Characteristics of Portfolio Segments Each portfolio segment generally carries its own unique risk characteristics. The residential mortgage loan segment is impacted by general economic conditions, unemployment rates in the Bank s service area, real estate values and the forward expectation of improvement or deterioration in economic conditions. First and second lien residential mortgages, acquired via purchase are impacted by general economic conditions, unemployment rates in the general areas in which the loan collateral is located, real estate values in those areas and the forward expectation of improvement or deterioration in economic conditions. The commercial loan segment is impacted by general economic conditions but, more specifically, the industry segment in which each borrower participates. Unique competitive changes within a borrower s specific industry, or geographic location could cause significant changes in the borrower s revenue stream, and therefore, impact its ability to repay its obligations. Commercial real estate is also subject to general economic conditions but changes within this segment typically lag changes seen within the consumer and commercial segment. Included within this portfolio are both owner occupied real estate, in which the borrower occupies the majority of the real estate property and upon which the majority of the sources of repayment of the obligation is dependent upon, and non-owner occupied real estate, in which several tenants comprise the repayment source for this portfolio segment. The composition and competitive position of the tenant structure may cause adverse changes in the repayment of debt obligations for the non-owner occupied class within this segment. The consumer loan segment is impacted by general economic conditions, unemployment rates in the geographic areas in which borrowers and loan collateral are located, and the forward expectation of improvement or deterioration in economic conditions. Real estate loans, including residential mortgages, commercial real estate loans and home equity, comprised and of the total loans held in the portfolio in 2022 and 2021, respectively. Loans sec ured by real estate generally provide strong collateral protection and thus significantly reduce the inherent credit risk in the portfolio. Management has reviewed its loan portfolio and determined that, to the best of its knowledge, little or no exposure exists to sub-prime or other high-risk residential mortgages. The Company is not in the practice of originating these types of loans. Description of Credit Quality Indicators The Company utilizes an eight tier risk rating system to evaluate the quality of its loan portfolio. Loans that are risk rated 1 through 4 are considered Pass loans. In accordance with regulatory guidelines, loans rated 5 through 8 are termed criticized loans and loans rated 6 through 8 are termed classified loans. A description of the Company s credit quality indicators follows. For Commercial Loans: 1. Prime : A loan that is fully secured by properly margined Pathfinder Bank deposit account(s) or an obligation of the US Government. It may also be unsecured if it is supported by a very strong financial condition and, in the case of a commercial loan, excellent management. There exists an unquestioned ability to repay the loan in accordance with its terms. 

 2. Strong : Desirable relationship of somewhat less stature than Prime grade. Possesses a sound documented repayment source, and back up, which will allow repayment within the terms of the loan. Individual loans backed by solid assets, character and integrity. Ability of individual or company management is good and well established. Probability of serious financial deterioration is unlikely. 

 3. Satisfactory : Stable financial condition with cash flow sufficient for debt service coverage. Satisfactory loans of average strength having some deficiency or vulnerability to changing economic or industry conditions but performing as agreed with documented evidence of repayment capacity. May be unsecured loans to borrowers with satisfactory credit and financial strength. Satisfactory provisions for management succession and a secondary source of repayment exists. 

 4. Satisfactory Watch: A four is not a criticized or classified credit. These credits do not display the characteristics of a criticized asset as defined by the regulatory definitions. A credit is given a Satisfactory Watch designation if there are matters or trends observed deserving attention somewhat beyond normal monitoring. Borrowing obligations may be handled according to agreement but could be adversely impacted by developing factors such as industry conditions, operating problems, pending litigation of a significant nature or declining collateral quality and adequacy. 

 5. Special Mention : A warning risk grade that portrays one or more weaknesses that may be tolerated in the short term. Assets in this category are currently protected but are potentially weak. This loan would not normally be booked as a new credit, but may have redeeming characteristics persuading the Bank to continue working with the borrower. Loans accorded this 

 classification have potential weaknesses which may, if not checked or corrected, weaken the company s assets, inadequately protect the Bank s position or effect the orderly, scheduled reduction of the debt at some future time. 

 6. Substandard : The relationship is inadequately protected by the current net worth and cash flow capacity of the borrower, guarantor/endorser, or of the collateral pledged. Assets have a well-defined weakness or weaknesses that jeopardize the orderly liquidation of the debt. The relationship shows deteriorating trends or other deficient areas. The loan may be nonperforming and expected to remain so for the foreseeable future. Relationship balances may be adequately secured by asset value; however a deteriorated financial condition may necessitate collateral liquidation to effect repayment. This would also include any relationship with an unacceptable financial condition requiring excessive attention of the officer due to the nature of the credit risk or lack of borrower cooperation. 

 7. Doubtful : The relationship has all the weaknesses inherent in a credit graded 5 with the added characteristic that the weaknesses make collection on the basis of currently existing facts, conditions and value, highly questionable or improbable. The possibility of some loss is extremely high, however its classification as an anticipated loss is deferred until a more exact determination of the extent of loss is determined. Loans in this category must be on nonaccrual. 

 8. Loss : Loans are considered uncollectible and of such little value that continuance as bankable assets is not warranted. It is not practicable or desirable to defer writing off this basically worthless asset even though partial recovery may be possible in the future. 

 For Residential Mortgage and Consumer Loans: Residential mortgage and consumer loans are assigned a Pass rating unless the loan has demonstrated signs of weakness as indicated by the ratings below. 5. Special Mention : All loans past due are classified Special Mention. The loan is not upgraded until it has been current for six consecutive months. 

 6. Substandard : All loans days past due are classified Substandard. The loan is not upgraded until it has been current for six consecutive months. 

 7. Doubtful : The relationship has all the weaknesses inherent in a credit graded 5 with the added characteristic that the weaknesses make collection on the basis of currently existing facts, conditions and value, highly questionable or improbable. The possibility of some loss is extremely high. 

 The risk ratings for classified loans are evaluated at least quarterly for commercial loans or when credit deficiencies arise, such as delinquent loan payments, for commercial, residential mortgage or consumer loans. See further discussion of risk ratings in Note 1. 

Construction 

Loans held-for-sale 

Total residential mortgage loans 

Commercial loans: 

Real estate 

Lines of credit 

Other commercial and industrial 

Paycheck Protection Program loans 

Tax exempt loans 

Total commercial loans 

Consumer loans: 

Home equity and junior liens 

Other consumer 

Total consumer loans 

Total loans 

As of December 31, 2021 

Special 

(In thousands) 
 
 Pass 

Mention 

Substandard 

Doubtful 

Total 

Residential mortgage loans: 

1-4 family first-lien residential mortgages 

Construction 

Loans held-for-sale 

Total residential mortgage loans 

Commercial loans: 

Real estate 

Lines of credit 

Other commercial and industrial 

Paycheck Protection Program loans 

Tax exempt loans 

Total commercial loans 

Consumer loans: 

Home equity and junior liens 

Other consumer 

Total consumer loans 

Total loans 

Nonaccrual and Past Due Loans Loans are placed on nonaccrual when the contractual payment of principal and interest has become 90 days past due or management has serious doubts about further collectability of principal or interest, even though the loan may be performing. Loans are considered past due if the required principal and interest payments have not been received within thirty days of the payment due date. 

Construction 

Loans held-for-sale 

Total residential mortgage loans 

Commercial loans: 

Real estate 

Lines of credit 

Other commercial and industrial 

Paycheck Protection Program loans 

Tax exempt loans 

Total commercial loans 

Consumer loans: 

Home equity and junior liens 

Other consumer 

Total consumer loans 

Total loans 

As of December 31, 2021 

30-59 Days 

60-89 Days 

90 Days 

Total 

Total Loans 

(In thousands) 
 
 Past Due 

Past Due 

and Over 

Past Due 

Current 

Receivable 

Residential mortgage loans: 

1-4 family first-lien residential mortgages 

Construction 

Loans held-for-sale 

Total residential mortgage loans 

Commercial loans: 

Real estate 

Lines of credit 

Other commercial and industrial 

Paycheck Protection Program loans 

Tax exempt loans 

Total commercial loans 

Consumer loans: 

Home equity and junior liens 

Other consumer 

Total consumer loans 

Total loans 

Commercial loans: 

Real estate 

Lines of credit 

Other commercial and industrial 

Consumer loans: 

Home equity and junior liens 

Other consumer 

Total consumer loans 

Total nonaccrual loans 

There were loans past due ninety days or more and still accruing interest at December 31, 2022 or 2021. The Company is required to disclose certain activities related to Troubled Debt Restructurings TDR in accordance with accounting guidance. Certain loans have been modified in a TDR where economic concessions have been granted to a borrower who is experiencing, or expected to experience, financial difficulties. These economic concessions could include a reduction in the loan interest rate, extension of payment terms, reduction of principal amortization, or other actions that it would not otherwise consider for a new loan with similar risk characteristics. The Company is required to disclose new TDRs for each reporting period for which an income statement is being presented. Pre-modification outstanding recorded investment is the principal loan balance less the provision for loan losses before the loan was modified as a TDR. Post-modification outstanding recorded investment is the principal balance less the provision for loan losses after the loan was modified as a TDR. Additional provision for loan losses is the change in the allowance for loan losses between the pre-modification outstanding recorded investment and post-modification outstanding recorded investment. 

The TDRs evaluated for impairment for the year ended December 31, 2022 have been classified as TDRs due to economic concessions granted, which include reduction in the stated interest rate, a significant delay in the timing of the payment or an extended maturity date that will result in a significant delay in payment from the original terms. The table below details loans that have been modified as TDRs for the year ended December 31, 2021. 

For the year ended December 31, 2021 

(In thousands) 
 
 Number of loans 

Pre-modification outstanding recorded investment 

Post-modification outstanding recorded investment 

Additional provision for loan losses 

Commercial real estate loans 

Commercial and industrial loans 

Residential mortgages 

Consumer loans 

The TDRs evaluated for impairment for the year ended December 31, 2021 have been classified as TDRs due to economic concessions granted, which include reductions in the stated interest rates or an extended maturity date that will result in a delay in payment from the original contractual maturity. One loan has been granted four deferrals and based on the known history of the borrower, Management has determined this loan to be a TDR. The Company is required to disclose loans that have been modified as TDRs within the previous 12 months in which there was payment default after the restructuring. The Company defines payment default as any loans 90 days past due on contractual payments. The Company had loans that had been modified as TDRs during the twelve months prior to December 31, 2022, which had subsequently defaulted during the year ended December 31, 2022. The Company had loans that had been modified as TDRs during the twelve months prior to December 31, 2021, which had subsequently defaulted during the year ended December 31, 2021. When the Company modifies a loan within a portfolio segment that is individually evaluated for impairment, a potential impairment is analyzed either based on the present value of the expected future cash flows discounted at the interest rate of the original loan terms or the fair value of the collateral less costs to sell. If it is determined that the value of the loan is less than its recorded investment, then impairment is recognized as a component of the provision for loan losses, an associated increase to the allowance for loan losses or as a charge-off to the allowance for loan losses in the current period. Impaired Loans 

- 

- 

Commercial real estate 

- 

- 

Commercial lines of credit 

- 

- 

Other commercial and industrial 

- 

- 

Home equity and junior liens 

- 

- 

Other consumer 

- 

- 

With an allowance recorded: 

1-4 family first-lien residential mortgages 

Commercial real estate 

Commercial lines of credit 

Other commercial and industrial 

Home equity and junior liens 

Other consumer 

Total: 

1-4 family first-lien residential mortgages 

Commercial real estate 

Commercial lines of credit 

Other commercial and industrial 

Home equity and junior liens 

Other consumer 

Totals 

Commercial real estate 

Commercial lines of credit 

Other commercial and industrial 

Home equity and junior liens 

Other consumer 

Total 

Commercial real estate 

Commercial lines of credit 

Other commercial and industrial 

Home equity and junior liens 

Other consumer 

Total 

- 

- 

Charge-offs 

() 

- 

() 

() 

() 

- 

Recoveries 

- 

- 

- 

- 

Provisions (credits) 

() 

- 

- 

Ending balance 

- 

- 

Ending balance: related to loans individually evaluated for impairment 

- 

- 

Ending balance: related to loans collectively evaluated for impairment 

- 

- 

Loans receivables: 

Ending balance 

Ending balance: individually evaluated for impairment 

- 

- 

Ending balance: 

collectively evaluated for impairment 

Home equity 

Other 

Tax exempt 

and junior liens 

consumer 

Unallocated (1) 

Total 

Allowance for loan losses: 

Beginning Balance 

Charge-offs 

- 

- 

() 

() 

Recoveries 

- 

- 

Provisions 

- 

() 

() 

() 

Ending balance 

Ending balance: related to loans individually evaluated for impairment 

- 

- 

Ending balance: related to loans collectively evaluated for impairment 

Loans receivables: 

Ending balance 

Ending balance: individually evaluated for impairment 

- 

- 

Ending balance: collectively evaluated for impairment 

(1) . These loans were still part of the portfolio as of December 31, 2022. Based on ASC 948, Mortgage Banking, loans shall be classified as held-for-sale once a decision has been made to sell the loans and shall be transferred to the held-for-sale category at lower of cost or fair value. 

December 31, 2021 

1-4 family 

first-lien 

Other 

Paycheck 

residential 

Commercial 

Commercial 

commercial 

Protection 

(In thousands) 
 
 mortgage 

Construction 

real estate 

lines of credit 

and industrial 

Program 

Allowance for loan losses: 

Beginning Balance 

- 

- 

Charge-offs 

() 

- 

() 

() 

() 

- 

Recoveries 

- 

- 

- 

- 

Provisions (credits) 

() 

- 

() 

- 

Ending balance 

- 

- 

Ending balance: related to loans individually evaluated for impairment 

- 

- 

Ending balance: related to loans collectively evaluated for impairment 

- 

- 

Loans receivables: 

Ending balance 

Ending balance: individually evaluated for impairment 

- 

- 

Ending balance: collectively evaluated for impairment 

Home equity 

Other 

Tax exempt 

and junior liens 

consumer 

Unallocated (1) 

Total 

Allowance for loan losses: 

Beginning Balance 

Charge-offs 

- 

- 

() 

() 

Recoveries 

- 

- 

Provisions 

Ending balance 

Ending balance: related to loans individually evaluated for impairment 

- 

- 

Ending balance: related to loans collectively evaluated for impairment 

Loans receivables: 

Ending balance 

Ending balance: individually evaluated for impairment 

- 

- 

Ending balance: collectively evaluated for impairment 

(1) . These loans were still part of the portfolio as of December 31, 2021. Based 

The Company s methodology for determining its allowance for loan losses includes an analysis of qualitative factors that are added to the historical loss rates in arriving at the total allowance for loan losses needed for this general pool of loans. The qualitative factors include: Changes in national and local economic trends; 

 The rate of growth in the portfolio; 

 Trends of delinquencies and nonaccrual balances; 

 Changes in loan policy; and 

 Changes in lending management experience and related staffing. 

 Each factor is assigned a value to reflect improving, stable or declining conditions based on management s best judgment using relevant information available at the time of the evaluation. These qualitative factors, applied to each product class, make the evaluation inherently subjective, as it requires material estimates that may be susceptible to significant revision as more information becomes available. Adjustments to the factors are supported through documentation of changes in conditions in a narrative accompanying the allowance for loan losses analysis and calculation. 

- 

Historical loss rate 

- 

() 

- 

Qualitative factors 

- 

Total 

- 

Home equity 

Other 

Tax exempt 

and junior liens 

consumer 

Unallocated 

Total 

Specifically reserved 

- 

- 

- 

Historical loss rate 

- 

- 

Qualitative factors 

- 

Other 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

Total 

December 31, 2021 

1-4 family 

first-lien 

Other 

residential 

Commercial 

Commercial 

commercial 

(In thousands) 
 
 mortgage 

Construction 

real estate 

lines of credit 

and industrial 

Specifically reserved 

- 

Historical loss rate 

- 

Qualitative factors 

- 

Total 

- 

Home equity 

Other 

Tax exempt 

and junior liens 

consumer 

Unallocated 

Total 

Specifically reserved 

- 

- 

- 

Historical loss rate 

- 

- 

Qualitative factors 

- 

Other 

- 

- 

- 

Total 

In June 2016, the FASB issued Accounting Standards Update (ASU) 2016-13, Financial Instruments - Credit Losses (Topic 326): Measurement of Credit Losses on Financial Instruments. The standard s stated main goal is to improve financial reporting by requiring earlier recognition of credit losses on financing receivables (such as loans) and other financial assets in scope. The ASU requires entities to measure credit losses on most financial assets carried at amortized costs and certain other instruments using an expected credit loss model. Banks in the United States above billion in assets generally adopted this new way of measuring loan losses called the Current Expected Credit Loss CECL model in 2020, with smaller public and private banks, such as Pathfinder, required to convert to this method in fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2022. The Company computed its Allowance for Loan Losses at December 31, 2022 using a methodology called the Incurred Loss Model ILM ), which remained applicable GAAP at that date. ILM (current GAAP) assumes that all loans will be repaid until evidence to the contrary (known as a loss or trigger event) is identified. Only at that point is the impaired loan (or portfolio of loans) written down to a lower value. CECL requires that an estimate of loss for the entire life cycle of each asset with credit loss exposure be recorded at the funding date of that asset as a component of the reported Allowance for Credit Losses. For additional information regarding current expected credit losses, see Notes 2 and 6 to the consolidated financial statements. The three major differences between CECL and ILM are: (1) CECL requires that reserves for the full, expected life of any asset with credit loss exposure be established at the funding date of the asset. The reserve must consider all expected credit and credit-related losses in aggregate to the asset's maturity (including prepayment projections) using a methodology that both a.) requires an evaluation of the Bank s segmented internal credit dynamics (historical loss rate, underwriting standards, etc.); and b.) requires evaluations of the macroeconomic environment at funding and at the end of each subsequent reporting period; (2) CECL requires that a broader array of assets, in addition to outstanding loans, must be included in the CECL calculation than were includable under the ILM model; and (3) CECL requires substantially enhanced documentation and underlying assumption, input and calculation support, due to its more extensive modeling assumptions and inputs, as well as its more complex calculations, than were previously considered necessary under ILM. Beginning on January 1, 2023, the Bank will have to account for all credit loss exposures using this CECL methodology. A nonrecurring adjustment from ILM to CECL was made on January 1, 2023, increasing the ALLL at December 31, 2022 by million in determining the beginning ACL for the quarter ended March 31, 2023. This transition adjustment was booked to retained earnings in the first quarter of 2023 and therefore will be a subtraction from tangible book value TBV ), after tax effects of approximately million. 

million and million at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The balance of capitalized servicing rights included in other assets at December 31, 2022 and 2021, was and , respectively. 

Mortgage servicing rights amortized 

Buildings 

Furniture, fixtures and equipment 

Construction in progress 

Less: Accumulated depreciation 

Depreciation expense in 2022 and 2021 was million and million, respectively. 

- 101 - 

At December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, the Company reported and million, respectively, in real estate loans in the process of foreclosure. 

 million of goodwill carried on the Company s books as of December 31, 2022, million of this amount was due to prior periods acquisitions of bank branches and , initially and currently classified as an identifiable intangible asset, was due to the 2013 acquisition of the FitzGibbons Agency by PRMC and the 2015 acquisition of the Huntington Agency. In 2020, the Company retained expert, independent consultants to evaluate the recorded goodwill for impairment. The Company updated those evaluations using internal modeling processes for the year ended December 31, 2022. The Company is permitted to assess market-based, prospective analyses and other qualitative factors to determine if it is more likely than not that the fair value of the reporting unit is less than the carrying value. Based on the results of the assessments made by management, with prior input from the retained consultants, it was determined that the carrying value of goodwill in the amount of million is not impaired as of December 31, 2022. The identifiable intangible asset of as of December 31, 2022 was due to the acquisition of the FitzGibbons and Huntington Agencies and represents the amortized carrying amount of the customer lists intangible. The weighted average remaining amortization period of this intangible asset is years. 

Accumulated amortization 

() 

() 

Net amortizing intangibles 

2024 

2025 

2026 

2027 

Thereafter 

Total 

- 102 - 

Time accounts 

Time accounts in excess of 250,000 

Money management accounts 

MMDA accounts 

Demand deposit interest-bearing 

Demand deposit noninterest-bearing 

Mortgage escrow funds 

Total Deposits 

2024 

2025 

2026 

2027 

Thereafter 

Total 

Time accounts 

Time accounts of 250,000 or more 

Money management accounts 

MMDA accounts 

Demand deposit interest-bearing 

Demand deposit noninterest-bearing 

Mortgage escrow funds 

Total Deposits 

Total short-term borrowings 

Long-term: 

FHLB advances 

Total long-term borrowings 

- 

Due within 2 years 

- 

Due within 10 years 

- 

Total advances with FHLB 

Total long-term fixed rate borrowings 

2024 

2025 

2026 

Total 

million, securities with a carrying value of million and FHLB stock with a carrying value of million have been pledged by the Company under a blanket collateral agreement to secure the Company s borrowings at December 31, 2022. The total outstanding indebtedness under borrowing facilities with the FHLB cannot exceed the total value of the assets pledged under the blanket collateral agreement. The Company has a million line of credit available at December 31, 2022 with the Federal Reserve Bank of New York through its Discount Window and has pledged various corporate and municipal securities against the line. The Company has million in lines of credit available with other correspondent banks. million of that line of credit is available on an unsecured basis and the remaining million must be collateralized with investment securities. Interest on the lines is determined at the time of borrowing. 
 million of its Fixed to Floating Rate non-amortizing Subordinated Debt (the 2020 Subordinated Debt to certain qualified institutional investors. The 2020 Subordinated Debt has a maturity date of and initially bears interest, payable semi-annually, at a fixed annual rate of per annum until October 15, 2025. Commencing on that date, the interest rate applicable to the outstanding principal amount due will be reset quarterly to an interest rate per annum equal to the then current three month Secured Overnight Financing Rate SOFR plus basis points, payable quarterly until maturity. The Company may redeem the 2020 Subordinated Debt at par, in whole or in part, at its option, any time after October 15, 2025 (the first redemption date). The 2020 Subordinated Debt is senior in the Company s credit repayment hierarchy only to the Company s common equity and preferred stock and, and any future senior indebtedness and is intended to qualify as Tier 2 capital for regulatory capital purposes for the Company. The Company paid in origination and legal fees as part of this transaction. These fees will be amortized over the life of the 2020 Subordinated Debt through its first redemption date using the effective interest method, giving rise to an effective cost of funds of from the issuance date calculated under this method. Accordingly, interest expense related to this indebtedness of million and million was recorded in the years ended December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively. The Company has a non-consolidated subsidiary trust, Pathfinder Statutory Trust II, of which the Company owns of the common equity. The Trust issued of -year floating rate Company-obligated pooled capital securities of Pathfinder Statutory Trust II Floating-Rate Debentures ). The Company borrowed the proceeds of the capital securities from its subsidiary by issuing floating rate junior subordinated deferrable interest debentures having substantially similar terms. The capital securities mature in 2037 and are treated as Tier 1 c apital by the FDIC and FRB. The capital securities of the trust are a pooled trust preferred fund of Preferred Term Securities VI, Ltd., whose interest rate resets quarterly, and are indexed to the -month LIBOR rate plus . These securities have a call provision. The Company paid and in interest expense related to this issuance in 2022 and 2021, respectively. The Company guarantees all of these securities. The United Kingdom s Financial Conduct Authority FCA ), the organization responsible for regulating LIBOR, ceased publishing LIBOR indices at the end of 2021. The Alternative Reference Rates Committee (the ARRC ), formed by the Federal Reserve Board and the Federal Reserve Bank of New York, had been charged with developing an alternative rate that replaced LIBOR in the United States (U.S. dollar-denominated LIBOR). The ARRC identified the SOFR as the rate that represents best practice for use in U.S. dollar-denominated LIBOR derivatives and other financial contracts. Accordingly, SOFR has currently replaced LIBOR in the substantial majority of contracts in which LIBOR was used. Management has analyzed the Company s aggregate exposure to instruments that are indexed to LIBOR (including the Company s acquired loan participations, fixed-income investments, hedging instruments and the Floating-Rate debt) and concluded that the adoption of SOFR will not materially impact the Company or the results of its operations. The Company's equity interest in the trust subsidiary is included in other assets on the Consolidated Statements of Financial Condition at December 31, 2022 and 2021. For regulatory reporting purposes, the Federal Reserve Board has indicated that the preferred securities will continue to qualify as Tier 1 Capital subject to previously specified limitations, until further notice. If regulators make a determination that Trust Preferred Securities can no longer be considered in regulatory capital, the securities become callable and the Company may redeem them. On April 1, 2021, the Company redeemed a million non-amortizing subordinated debt instrument. The terms of the subordinated debt required fixed interest payments at an annual interest rate of after February 29, 2016 until the debt s scheduled maturity date. Interest expense, related to this borrowing, of - - and was recorded in the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

Subordinated debt 

Deferred Financing Charges 

() 

() 

Total subordinated debt 

Due within 15 years 

3-Month LIBOR + 

Total subordinated debt 

S 

2024 

2025 

2026 

2027 

Thereafter 

Total 

years of service as of January 1, 1995, are not eligible for the health and life insurance retirement benefits. 

Service cost 

Interest cost 

Plan participants' contribution 

Actuarial (gain) loss 

() 

() 

() 

() 

Benefits paid 

() 

() 

() 

() 

Benefit obligations at end of year 

Change in plan assets: 

Fair value of plan assets at beginning of year 

Actual return on plan assets 

() 

Benefits paid 

() 

() 

() 

() 

Plan participants' contribution 

Employer contributions 

Fair value of plan assets at end of year 

Funded (unfunded) status - asset (liability) 

() 

() 

The funded status of the pension was recorded within other assets on the statement of condition. The unfunded status of the postretirement plan is recorded within other liabilities on the statement of condition. 

() 

Tax Effect 

() 

() 

Gains and losses in excess of of the greater of the benefit obligation or the fair value of assets are amortized over the average remaining service period of active participants. The Company utilized the actual projected cash flows of the participants in both plans for the years ended December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021. The following points address the approach taken. 1. An analysis of the defined benefit pension plan s expected future cash flows and high-quality fixed income investments currently available and expected to be available during the period to maturity of the pension benefits yielded a single discount rate of at December 31, 2022. 

 2. An analysis of the postretirement health plan s expected future cash flows and high-quality fixed-income investments currently available and expected to be available during the period to maturity of the retiree medical benefits yielded a single discount rate of at December 31, 2022. 

 3. Each discount rate was developed by matching the expected future cash flows of the Bank to high quality bonds. Every bond considered has earned ratings of at least AA by Fitch Group, AA by Standard Poor s, or Aa2 by Moody s Investor Services. 

 The accumulated benefit obligation for the defined benefit pension plan was million and million at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The postretirement plan had an accumulated benefit obligation of and at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

Rate of increase in future compensation levels 

Assumed health care cost trend rates have a significant effect on the amounts reported for the postretirement health care plan. The annual rates of increase in the per capita cost of covered medical and prescription drug benefits for future years were assumed to be for 2022, gradually decreasing to in and remain at that level thereafter. 

Interest cost 

Expected return on plan assets 

() 

() 

Amortization of transition obligation 

Amortization of net losses 

Amortization of unrecognized past service liability 

() 

() 

Net periodic benefit plan (benefit) cost 

() 

() 

Expected long term rate of return on plan assets 

Rate of increase in future compensation levels 

The long term rate of return on assets assumption was set based on historical returns earned by equities and fixed income securities, adjusted to reflect expectations of future returns as applied to the plan s target allocation of asset classes. Equities and fixed income securities were assumed to earn real rates of return in the ranges of to and to , respectively. The long-term inflation rate was estimated to be . When these overall return expectations are applied to the plan s target allocation, the expected rate of return was determined to be in the range of to . Management chose to use a expected long-term rate of return in 2022 and a expected long-term rate of return in 2023 reflecting current economic conditions and expected rates of return. Based on the million fair value of plan assets at December 31, 2022, each basis point decrease in the expected long-term rate of return would reduce after tax net income at a 2023 expected state and federal combined statutory tax rate of by approximately . The estimated net actuarial income that will be amortized from accumulated other comprehensive income into net periodic benefit plan income during 2023 is . The estimated amortization of the unrecognized transition obligation and actuarial income for the postretirement health plan in 2023 is . The expected net periodic benefit plan benefit for 2023 is estimated to be for both retirement plans in aggregate. Plan assets are invested in diversified investment portfolios of the Pentegra Retirement Trust (the Trust , formerly known as RSI Retirement Trust), a private placement investment fund. The Trust has been given discretion by the Plan Sponsor to determine the appropriate strategic asset allocation versus plan liabilities, as governed by the Trust s Investment Policy Statement. The Plan is structured to utilize a Liability Driven Investment (LDI) approach which seeks to fund the current and future liabilities of the Plan and aims to mitigate funded status and contribution volatility. The Plan s asset allocation targets to hold of assets in equity securities via investment in the Long-Term Growth Equity Portfolio LTGE ), in intermediate-term investment grade bonds via investment in the Long-Term Growth Fixed-Income Portfolio LTGFI ), in long duration bonds via the Liability Focused Fixed-Income Portfolio LFFI ), and in a cash equivalents portfolio (for liquidity). LTGE is a diversified portfolio that invests in a number of actively and passively managed equity-focused mutual funds and collective investment trusts. The Portfolio holds a diversified mix of equity funds in order to gain exposure to the U.S. and non-U.S. equity markets. LTGFI is a diversified portfolio that invests in a number of fixed-income mutual funds and collective investment trusts. The Portfolio invests primarily in intermediate-term bond funds with a focus on Core Plus fixed-income investment approaches. LFFI is a diversified high quality fixed-income portfolio that currently invests in passively managed collective investment trusts that hold long duration bonds. The investment objectives, investment strategies and risks of each of the daily valued and unitized Portfolios and the funds held within the Portfolios are detailed in the Private Placement Memorandum and the Trust s Investment Policy Statement. The overall long-term investment objectives are to maintain plan assets at a level that will sufficiently cover long-term obligations and to generate a return on plan assets that will meet or exceed the rate at which long-term obligations will grow. The LTGE and LTGFI Portfolios are designed to provide long-term growth of equity and fixed-income assets with the objective of achieving an investment return in excess of the cost of funding the active life, deferred vested, and all -year term and longer obligations of retired lives in the Trust. The LFFI Portfolio is designed to fund the Trust s estimated retired lives class of liabilities for 30 years. Risk/volatility is further managed by the distinct investment objectives of each of the Trust s Portfolios. 

- 

Large-cap Growth (b) 

- 

- 

Large-cap Core (c) 

- 

- 

Mid-cap Value (d) 

- 

- 

Mid-cap Growth (e) 

- 

- 

Mid-cap Core (f) 

- 

- 

Small-cap Value (g) 

- 

- 

Small-cap Growth (h) 

- 

- 

Small-cap Core (i) 

- 

- 

International Equity (j) 

- 

- 

Equity -Total 

- 

- 

Fixed Income Funds 

Fixed Income - US Core (k) 

- 

- 

Intermediate Duration (l) 

- 

- 

Long Duration (m) 

- 

- 

Fixed Income-Total 

- 

- 

Cash Equivalents-Money market 

- 

Total 

- 

At December 31, 2021 

(In thousands) 
 
 Level 1 

Level 2 

Level 3 

Total Fair Value 

Asset Category: 

Mutual Funds - Equity 

Large-cap value (a) 

Large-cap Growth (b) 

Large-cap Core (c) 

Mid-cap Value (d) 

Mid-cap Growth (e) 

Mid-cap Core (f) 

Small-cap Value (g) 

Small-cap Growth (h) 

Small-cap Core (i) 

International Equity (j) 

Equity -Total 

Fixed Income Funds 

Fixed Income - US Core (k) 

Intermediate Duration (l) 

Long Duration (m) 

Fixed Income-Total 

Cash Equivalents-Money market 

Total 

Includes cash equivalents investments in equity and fixed income strategies a) and stocks. 

 b) 

 c) 

 d) 

 e) 

 f) 

 g) 

 h) 

 i) of the market universe, or smaller than the 1000th largest US company. 

 j) of total assets will be invested in equity securities, including common stocks, preferred stocks, and convertible securities. 

 k) mutual funds, of which usually hold at least of fund assets in investment grade fixed income securities, seeking to outperform the Barclays US Aggregate Bond Index while maintaining a similar duration to that index. The third fund targets investments of or more in mortgage-backed securities guaranteed by the US government and its agencies. 

 l) Year, Bullets only Index, along with a diversified mutual fund holding fixed income securities rated A or better. 

 m) 

For the fiscal year ending December 31, 2023, the Company expects to contribute approximately to the postretirement plan. 

2024 

2025 

2026 

2027 

Thereafter 

The Company also offers a 401(k) plan to its employees. Contributions to this plan by the Company were and for 2022 and 2021, respectively. In addition, the Company made and of safe harbor contributions to the plan in 2022 and 2021, respectively. The Company maintains optional deferred compensation plans for its directors and certain executive officers, whereby fees and income normally received are deferred and paid by the Company based upon a payment schedule commencing between the ages of 65 and 70 and continuing monthly for years. At December 31, 2022 and 2021, other liabilities include approximately million and million, respectively, relating to deferred compensation. Deferred compensation expense for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 amounted to approximately and , respectively. To assist in the funding of the Company s benefits under the supplemental executive retirement plan and deferred compensation plans, the Company is the owner of single premium life insurance policies on selected participants. At December 31, 2022 and 2021, the cash surrender values of these policies were million and million, respectively. The Bank adopted a Defined Contribution Supplemental Executive Retirement Plan (the SERP ), effective January 1, 2014. The SERP benefits certain key senior executives of the Bank who are selected by the Board to participate, including our named executive officers. The SERP is intended to provide a benefit from the Bank upon retirement, death, disability or voluntary or involuntary termination of service (other than for cause ), subject to the requirements of Section 409A of the Internal Revenue Code. Accordingly, the SERP obligates the Bank to make a contribution to each executive s account on the last business day of each calendar year. In addition, the Bank, may, but is not required to, make additional discretionary contributions to the executive s accounts from time to time. All executives currently participating in the plan, including the named executive officers, are fully vested in the Bank s contribution to the plan. In the event the executive is terminated involuntarily or resigns for good reason within months following a change in control, the Bank is required to make additional annual contributions the lesser of: (1) or (2) the number of years remaining until the executive s benefit age, subject to potential reduction to avoid an excess parachute payment under Code Section 280G. In the event of the executive s death, disability or termination within months after a change in control, the executive s account will be paid in a lump sum to the executive or his beneficiary, as applicable. In the event the executive is entitled to a benefit from the SERP due to retirement or other termination of employment, the benefit will be paid either in a lump sum or in annual installments as detailed in his or her participant agreement. At December 31, 2022 and 2021, other liabilities included and , respectively, accrued under this plan. 

- 110 - 

exchange rate used in the Conversion and Offering that occurred on October 16, 2014. April 2010 Stock Option Grants In June 2011, the Board of Directors of the Company approved the grant of stock option awards to its directors and executive officers under the 2010 Stock Option Plan that had shares authorized for award. A total of stock option awards were granted to the directors of the Company, at that time, and stock option awards, in total, were granted to the Chief Executive Officer and the Company s then senior vice presidents. The awards vested ratably over per year for each year of the participant s service with the Company) with an expiration date from the date of the grant, or June 2021. The fair value of each option grant was established at the date of grant using the Black-Scholes option pricing model. The Black-Scholes model used the following weighted average assumptions: risk-free interest rate of ; volatility factors of the expected market price of the Company's common stock of ; weighted average expected lives of the options of years: cash dividend yield of . Based upon these assumptions, the weighted average fair value of options granted was . In July 2013, the Board of Directors of the Company approved the grant of stock option awards in total to newly elected directors of the Company. The awards vested ratably over per year for each year of the participant s service with the Company) with an expiration date from the date of the grant, or July 2023. The fair value of each option grant was established at the date of grant using the Black-Scholes option pricing model. The Black-Scholes model used the following weighted average assumptions: risk-free interest rate of ; volatility factors of the expected market price of the Company's common stock of ; weighted average expected lives of the options of years: cash dividend yield of . Based upon these assumptions, the weighted average fair value of options granted was . In November 2015, the Board of Directors of the Company approved the grant of stock option awards in total to newly elected directors of the Company. The awards vest ratably over per year for each year of the participant s service with the Company) and will expire from the date of the grant, or November 2025. The fair value of each option grant was established at the date of grant using the Black-Scholes option pricing model. The Black-Scholes model used the following weighted average assumptions: risk-free interest rate of ; volatility factors of the expected market price of the Company's common stock of ; weighted average expected lives of the options of years: cash dividend yield of . Based upon these assumptions, the weighted average fair value of options granted was . In April 2016, the Board of Directors of the Company approved the grant of stock option awards in total to officers and recently promoted senior officer. The awards vest ratably over per year for each year of the participant s service with the Company) and will expire from the date of the grant, or April 2026. The fair value of each option grant was established at the date of grant using the Black-Scholes option pricing model. The Black-Scholes model used the following weighted average assumptions: risk-free interest rate of ; volatility factors of the expected market price of the Company's common stock of ; weighted average expected lives of the options of years: cash dividend yield of . Based upon these assumptions, the weighted average fair value of options granted was . May 2016 Stock Option Grants In May 2016, the Board of Directors of the Company approved the grant of stock option awards to its directors, executive officers, senior officers and officers under the 2016 Equity Incentive Plan that was approved at the Annual Meeting of Shareholders on May 4, 2016 when shares were authorized for award. A total of stock option awards were granted to the directors of the Company and stock option awards, in total, were granted to officers. The awards vest ratably over per year for each year of the participant s service with the Company) and will expire from the date of the grant, or May 2026. The fair value of each option grant was established at the date of grant using the Black-Scholes option pricing model. The Black-Scholes model used the following weighted average assumptions: risk-free interest rate of ; volatility factors of the expected market price of the Company's common stock of ; weighted average expected lives of the options of years: cash dividend yield of . Based upon these assumptions, the weighted average fair value of options granted was . A total of stock option awards were granted to the Chief Executive Officer, executive officers and senior officers. The awards vest ratably over (approximately per year for each year of the participant s service with the Company) with the exception of senior officer whose awards vested upon retirement on August 1, 2017 and will expire from the date of the grant, or May 2026. The fair value of each option grant was established at the date of grant using the Black-Scholes option pricing model. The Black-Scholes model used the following weighted average assumptions: risk-free interest rate of ; volatility factors of the expected market price of the Company's common stock of ; weighted average expected lives of the options of years: cash dividend yield of 1.55 . Based upon these assumptions, the weighted average fair value of options granted was . In September 2020, the Board of Directors of the Company approved the grant of stock option awards to officer. The awards vest ratably over (approximately per year for each year of the participant s service with the Company) and will expire from the date of the grant, or September 2030. The fair value of each option grant was established at the date of grant using the Black-Scholes option pricing model. The Black-Scholes model used the following weighted average assumptions: risk-free rate of ; volatility factors of the expected market price of the Company s common stock of ; weighted average expected lives of the options of years: cash dividend yield of 2.46 . Based upon these assumptions, the weighted average fair value of options granted was . In October 2020, the Board of Directors of the Company approved the grant of stock option awards in total to senior officers and officers. The awards vest ratably over (approximately per year for each year of the participant s service with the Company) and will expire from the date of the grant, or October 2030. The fair value of each option grant was established at the date of grant using the Black-Scholes option pricing model. The Black-Scholes model used the following weighted average assumptions: risk-free rate of ; volatility factors of the expected market price of the Company s common stock of ; weighted average expected lives of the options of years: cash dividend yield of . Based upon these assumptions, the weighted average fair value of options granted was . In October 2020, the Board of Directors of the Company approved the grant of stock option awards to senior officer. The awards were split between incentive stock option awards and non-qualified stock option awards in accordance with applicable tax regulations that required that allocation of stock option distributions due to the aggregate value of the stock option awards vesting each year. The awards vest ratably over (approximately per year for each year of the participant s service with the Company) and will expire from the date of the grant, or October 2030. The Black-Scholes model, for the incentive stock option awards, used the following weighted average assumptions: risk-free rate of ; volatility factors of the expected market price of the Company s common stock of ; weighted average expected lives of the options of years: cash dividend yield of . The Black-Scholes model, for the non-qualified stock option awards, used the following weighted average assumptions: risk-free rate of ; volatility factors of the expected market price of the Company s common stock of ; weighted average expected lives of the options of years: cash dividend yield of . Based upon these assumptions, the weighted average fair value of the incentive stock options and the non-qualified stock options granted were and , respectively. 

Granted 

Newly vested 

Exercised 

() 

() 

Forfeited 

Expired 

() 

Outstanding at December 31, 2021 

Granted 

Newly vested 

Exercised 

() 

() 

Forfeited 

() 

Expired 

Outstanding at December 31, 2022 

The aggregate intrinsic value of a stock option represents the total pre-tax intrinsic value (the amount by which the current market value of the underlying stock exceeds the exercise price of the option) that would have been received by the option holders had all option holders exercised their options prior to the expiration date. The intrinsic value can change based on fluctuations in the market value of the Company s stock. At December 31, 2022, the intrinsic value of the stock options was million. At December 31, 2021, the intrinsic value of the stock options was million. At December 31, 2022, the average remaining contractual life of outstanding options and shares exercisable were years and years, respectively. May 2016 Restricted Stock Unit Grants In May 2016, the Board of Directors of the Company approved the grant of restricted stock units to its directors, executive officers, senior officers and officers under the 2016 Equity Incentive Plan that was approved at the Annual Meeting of Shareholders on May 4, 2016 when shares were authorized for award. A total of restricted stock units were granted to the directors of the Company and restricted stock units, in total, were granted to officers. The units vest ratably over per year for each year of the participant s service with the Company). A total of restricted stock units, in total, were granted to the Chief Executive Officer, executive officers and senior officers. The units vest ratably over (approximately per year for each year of the participant s service with the Company) with the exception of senior officer whose units vested upon retirement on August 1, 2017. In September 2020, the Board of Directors of the Company approved the grant of restricted stock units to officer. The units vest ratably over (approximately per year for each year of the participant s service with the Company). In October 2020, the Board of Directors of the Company approved the grant of restricted stock units to senior officers and officers. The units vest ratably over (approximately per year for each year of the participant s service with the Company). The compensation expense of the stock option awards and restricted stock units is based on the fair value of the instruments on the date of grant. The Company recorded compensation expense in the amount of and in 2022 and 2021, respectively, and is expected to record , and - - in 2023 and 2024. 

 million loan from Community Bank, N.A., guaranteed by the Company, to fund the Plan s purchase of shares of the Company s treasury stock. The loan was being repaid in equal quarterly installments of principal plus interest over beginning October 1, 2011. Interest accrued at the Wall Street Journal Prime Rate plus , and was secured by the unallocated shares of the ESOP stock. This loan was refinanced in connection with the Conversion and Offering that occurred on October 16, 2014. In connection with the Conversion and Offering, the ESOP purchased shares issued in the offering by obtaining a loan from the Company which was used to purchase both the additional shares and refinance the remaining outstanding balance on the loan from Community Bank N.A. There were shares associated with the refinanced loan resulting in a total of shares associated with the new loan provided by the Company. The ESOP loan from the Company has a ten year term and is being repaid in equal payments of principal and interest under a fixed rate of interest equal to which was the prime rate of interest on the date of the closing of the offering. This ESOP loan from the Company, also referred to as an internally leveraged ESOP, does not appear as a liability on the Company s Consolidated Statement of Condition as of December 31, 2022 in accordance with ASC 718-40-25-9d . In accordance with the payment of principal on the loan, a proportionate number of shares are allocated to the employees over the ten year time horizon of the loan. Participants vesting interest in the shares of Company stock is at the rate of per year. Compensation expense is recorded based on the number of shares released to the participants times the average market value of the Company s stock over that same period. Dividends on unallocated shares, recorded as compensation expense on the income statement, are made available to the participants' account. The Company recorded and in compensation expense in 2022 and 2021, respectively, including and for dividends on unallocated shares in these same time periods. At December 31, 2022, there were unearned ESOP shares with a fair value of thousand. 

 - 113 - 

Deferred 

The provision for income taxes includes the following 

(In thousands) 
 
 2022 

2021 

Federal Income Tax 

State Tax 

Allowance for loan losses 

Postretirement benefits 

Subordinated debt interest 

Loan origination fees 

Investment securities 

Stock-based compensation 

Capital loss carryover 

Cash flow hedges 

Lease Liabilities 

632 

638 

Other 

Total 

Liabilities: 

Prepaid pension 

() 

() 

Investment securities 

() 

Cash flow hedges 

() 

- 

Depreciation 

() 

() 

Accretion 

() 

() 

Intangible assets 

() 

() 

Mortgage servicing rights 

() 

() 

Right-of-use assets 

(549) 

(559) 

Prepaid expenses and transaction fees 

() 

() 

Total 

() 

() 

Less: deferred tax asset valuation allowance 

() 

Net deferred tax (liability) asset 

() 

Realization of deferred tax assets is dependent upon the generation of future taxable income or the existence of sufficient taxable income within the statutory carry back period. A valuation allowance is provided when it is more likely than not that some portion, or all of the deferred tax assets, will not be realized. In assessing the need for a valuation allowance, management considers the scheduled reversal of the deferred tax liabilities, the level of historical taxable income and the projected future level of taxable income over the periods in which the temporary differences comprising the deferred tax assets will be deductible. On the basis of this evaluation, as of December 31, 2022, a reversal of the prior year valuation allowance of has been recorded. Deferred income tax assets and liabilities are determined using the liability method. Under this method, the net deferred tax asset or liability is recognized for their future tax consequences. This is attributable to the differences between the financial statement carrying amounts of existing assets and liabilities and their respective tax basises as well as net operating and capital loss carry forwards. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured using enacted tax rates applied to taxable income in the years in which those temporary differences are expected to be recovered or settled. The effect on deferred tax assets and liabilities of a change in tax rates is recognized in income tax expense in the period that includes the enactment date. If current available evidence about the future raises doubt about the likelihood of a deferred tax asset being realized, a valuation allowance is established. The judgment about the level of future taxable income, including that which is considered capital, is inherently subjective and is reviewed on a continual basis as regulatory and business factors change. During 2022, the Company recognized capital gains from the disposal of an equity security and real property held for investment. These capital gains were able to fully offset prior capital loss carryforwards, thereby allowing the reversal of the valuation allowance recorded in the prior year. In 2022, the Company s effective tax rate was , as compared to in 2021. 

2022 

2021 

Federal statutory income tax rate 

State tax, net of federal benefit 

Tax-exempt interest income 

() 

() 

Increase in value of bank owned life insurance less premiums paid 

() 

() 

Change in valuation allowance 

() 

Federal credits 

() 

- 

Other 

() 

Effective income tax rate - Pathfinder Bancorp, Inc. 

Minority interest 

Effective income tax rate 

Unfunded commitments under lines of credit 

Unfunded commitments related to construction loans in progress 

Standby letters of credit 

Commitments to extend credit are agreements to lend to a customer as long as there is no violation of any condition established in the contract. Commitments generally have fixed expiration dates or other termination clauses and may require payment of a fee. Since some of the commitment amounts are expected to expire without being drawn upon, the total commitment amounts do not necessarily represent future cash requirements. The Company evaluates each customer s creditworthiness on a case-by-case basis. The amount of collateral obtained, if deemed necessary by the Company upon extension of credit, is based on management s credit evaluation of the counter party. Collateral held varies but may include residential real estate and income-producing commercial properties. Loan commitments outstanding at December 31, 2022 with variable interest rates and fixed interest rates were approximately million and million, respectively. These outstanding loan commitments carry current market rates. Unfunded commitments under standby letters of credit, revolving credit lines and overdraft protection agreements are commitments for possible future extensions of credit to existing customers. These lines of credit usually do not contain a specified maturity date and may not be drawn upon to the total extent to which the Company is committed. Letters of credit written are conditional commitments issued by the Company to guarantee the performance of a customer to a third party. Generally, all letters of credit, when issued have expiration dates within . The credit risk involved in issuing letters of credit is essentially the same as those that are involved in extending loan facilities to customers. The Company generally holds collateral and/or personal guarantees supporting these commitments. Management believes that the proceeds obtained through a liquidation of collateral and the enforcement of guarantees would be sufficient to cover the potential amount of future payments required under the corresponding guarantees. 

million as of December 31, 2022. Dividends paid by the Bank to the Company would be prohibited if the effect thereof would cause the Bank s capital to be reduced below applicable minimum capital requirements. The Bank made dividend payments to the Company in the years ended December 31, 2022 or December 31, 2021. Capital adequacy is evaluated primarily by the use of ratios which measure capital against total assets, as well as against total assets that are weighted based on defined risk characteristics. The Company s goal is to maintain a strong capital position, consistent with the risk profile of its banking operations. This strong capital position serves to support growth and expansion activities while at the same time exceeding regulatory standards. At December 31, 2022, the Bank met the regulatory definition of a well-capitalized institution, i.e. a leverage capital ratio exceeding 5 , a Tier 1 risk-based capital ratio exceeding 8 , Tier 1 common equity exceeding 6.5 , and a total risk-based capital ratio exceeding 10 . In addition to establishing the minimum regulatory capital requirements, the regulations limit capital distributions and certain discretionary bonus payments to management if the institution does not hold a capital conservation buffer consisting of 2.5 of common equity Tier 1 capital to risk-weighted assets above the amount necessary to meet its minimum risk-based capital requirements. The buffer is separate from the capital ratios required under the Prompt Corrective Action PCA standards. In order to avoid these restrictions, the capital conservation buffer effectively increases the minimum levels of the following capital to risk-weighted assets ratios: (1) Core Capital, (2) Total Capital and (3) Common Equity. The capital conservation buffer requirement is now fully implemented at 2.5 of risk-weighted assets. At December 31, 2022, the Bank exceeded all regulatory required minimum capital ratios, including the capital buffer requirements. As a result of the Economic Growth, Regulatory Relief, and Consumer Protection Act, the federal banking agencies developed a Community Bank Leverage Ratio (the ratio of a bank's Tier 1 capital to average total consolidated assets) for financial institutions with assets of less than billion. A qualifying community bank that exceeds this ratio will be deemed to be in compliance with all other capital and leverage requirements, including the capital requirements to be considered well capitalized under Prompt Corrective Action statutes. The federal banking agencies may consider a financial institution's risk profile when evaluating whether it qualifies as a community bank for purposes of the capital ratio requirement. . Pursuant to the CARES Act, the federal banking agencies issued final rules to set the Community Bank Leverage Ratio at 8 beginning in the second quarter of 2020 through the end of 2020. In 2021, the Community Bank Leverage Ratio increased to 8.5 for the calendar year. Community banks had until January 1, 2022, before the Community Bank Leverage Ratio requirement returned to 9 . A financial institution can elect to be subject to this new definition. The new rule took effect on January 1, 2020. The Bank did not elect to become subject to the Community Bank Leverage Ratio. 

 Tier 1 risk-based and Tier 1 leverage ratios as set forth in the tables below. There are no conditions or events since that notification that management believes have changed the Bank s category. As noted above, the regulations also impose a capital conservation buffer consisting of of common equity Tier 1 capital to risk-weighted assets above the amount necessary to meet its minimum risk-based capital requirements. The buffer is separate from the capital ratios required under the Prompt Corrective Action PCA standards and imposes restrictions on dividend distributions and discretionary bonuses. In order to avoid these restrictions, the capital conservation buffer effectively increases the minimum levels of the following capital to risk-weighted assets ratios: (1) Core Capital, (2) Total Capital and (3) Common Equity. The capital conservation buffer requirement is now fully implemented at of risk-weighted assets. At December 31, 2022, the Bank exceeded all regulatory required minimum capital ratios, including the capital buffer requirements. 

Tier 1 Capital (to Risk-Weighted Assets) 

Tier 1 Common Equity (to Risk-Weighted Assets) 

Tier 1 Capital (to Assets) 

As of December 31, 2021: 

Total Core Capital (to Risk-Weighted Assets) 

Tier 1 Capital (to Risk-Weighted Assets) 

Tier 1 Common Equity (to Risk-Weighted Assets) 

Tier 1 Capital (to Assets) 

The Company s goal is to maintain a strong capital position, consistent with the risk profile of its subsidiary bank that supports growth and expansion activities while at the same time exceeding regulatory standards. At December 31, 2022, the Bank exceeded all regulatory required minimum capital ratios and met the regulatory definition of a well-capitalized institution, i.e. a leverage capital ratio exceeding , a Tier 1 risk-based capital ratio exceeding and a total risk-based capital ratio exceeding . The Federal Reserve Board regulations previously required banks to maintain non-interest-earning reserves on deposit at the Federal Reserve Bank FRB ), against their transaction accounts (primarily negotiable order of withdrawal NOW and regular checking accounts). In March 2020, due to a change in in its approach to monetary policy due to the COVID-19 pandemic, the Federal Reserve Board announced an interim rule to amend Regulation D requirements and reduce reserve requirement ratios to . The Federal Reserve Board has indicated that it has no plans to re-impose reserve requirements, but may do so in the future. 

 Cash flows related to floating rate assets and liabilities will fluctuate with changes in underlying rate indices. When effectively hedged, the increases or decreases in cash flows related to the floating-rate asset or liability will generally be offset by changes in cash flows of the derivative instruments designated as a hedge. This strategy is referred to as a cash flow hedge. In a cash flow hedge, the effective portion of the derivative s gain or loss is initially reported as a component of other comprehensive income and subsequently reclassified into earnings when the forecasted transaction affects earnings. The ineffective portion of the derivative s gain or loss on cash flow hedges is accounted for similar to that associated with fair value hedges. Among the array of interest rate hedging contracts, potentially available to the Company, are interest rate swap and interest rate cap (or floor) contracts. The Company uses interest rate swaps, cap or floor contracts as part of its interest rate risk management strategy. Interest rate swaps involve the receipt of variable (or fixed) amounts from a counterparty in exchange for the Company making fixed (or variable) payments over the life of the agreements without the exchange of the underlying notional amount. An interest rate cap is a type of interest rate derivative in which the buyer receives payments at the end of each contractual period in which the index interest rate exceeds the contractually agreed upon strike price rate. The purchaser of a cap contract will continue to benefit from any rise in interest rates above the strike price. Similarly, an interest rate floor is a derivative contract in which the buyer receives payments at the end of each period in which the interest rate is below the agreed strike price. The purchaser of a floor contract will continue to benefit from any rise in interest rates above the strike price. The Company records various hedges in the Consolidated Statements of Condition at fair value. The Company s accounting treatment for these derivative instruments is based on the instrument's hedge designation determined at the inception of each derivative instrument's contractual term. The following tables show the Company s outstanding fair value hedges at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021: 

Loans receivable (2) 

(1) million and million at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively. The fair value of the derivatives (an unrealized gain, receivable from derivative counterparties) recorded in other assets resulted in a net asset position of million and million at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively. The Company s participation in these fair value hedging transactions increased interest income by and reduced interest income by in the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

 million and million at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively. At December 31, 2022, the fair value of the derivatives recorded in other assets (an unrealized gain, receivable from derivative counterparties) resulted in a net asset position of million, recorded by the Company in other assets. The Company s participation in the fair value hedge had an immaterial effect on recorded interest income for the twelve months ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

In February 2020, the Company entered into an interest rate cap contract, designated as a cash flow hedging transaction at its inception, in the notional amount of million, intended to reduce the Company s exposure to potential rises in short-term interest rates above the contractual level. The Company paid in a one-time premium for the cap contract and has no further contractual obligations to the contractual counterparty over the remaining life of the contract. The premium was expected to be amortized ratably over the contractual term of the cap contract, which matures in February 2023. In September of 2021, the Company determined that the specific underlying funding stream, for which the interest rate cap was originally intended to hedge, was no longer going to be a continuing component of the Bank s overall funding strategies. Therefore, although the cap contract continued to remain in force, it was no longer considered to be a hedge against any specific funding liability. Therefore under ASC 815, the Company re-designated the cap as a free-standing derivative and marked the fair value of the cap to market during each reporting period through earnings. The re-designation of the interest rate cap contract to a free-standing derivative resulted in the recognition of a increase in interest expense in 2021, prior to its re-designation. The cap contract was terminated in April 2022 resulting in a gain, recorded as other noninterest income, of . In March 2020, the Bank entered into an interest rate swap contract with an unaffiliated counterparty that will expire in March 2023 . The contract was designated as a cash flow hedging transaction at its inception. The notional amount of the swap was and remains million and the Bank will pay a fixed rate of to the counterparty and receive a variable payment equivalent to the published three-month LIBOR index rate to be paid by the swap counterparty through the expiration date of the contract. The hedged instrument is a planned series of revolving borrowings totaling million that will be obtained in the brokered certificate of deposit market. 

() 

Total gain (loss) in comprehensive income 

() 

() 

Amount of unrealized gains recognized in other comprehensive income 

Gain (loss) in other comprehensive income: 

() 

The amounts of hedge ineffectiveness, recognized during the year ended December 31, 2022, and December 31, 2021, for cash flow hedges were not material to the Company s Consolidated Statements of Income. A portion of, or the entire amount included in accumulated other comprehensive loss would be reclassified into current earnings should a portion of, or the entire hedge, no longer be considered effective. Management believes that the hedges will remain fully effective during the remaining term of the respective hedging contracts. The changes in the fair values of the interest rate hedging agreements primarily result from the effects of changing index interest rates and the reduction of the time each quarter between the measurement date and the contractual maturity date of the hedging instrument. The Company manages its potential credit exposure on interest rate swap transactions by entering into a bilateral credit support agreements with each counterparty. These agreements require collateralization of credit exposures beyond specified minimum threshold amounts. 

pricing service. Level 3 securities are assets whose fair value cannot be determined by using observable measures, such as market prices or pricing models. Level 3 assets are typically very illiquid, and fair values can only be calculated using estimates or risk-adjusted value ranges. Management applies known factors, such as currently applicable discount rates, to the valuation of those investments in order to determine fair value at the reporting date. The Bank holds corporate investment securities with an aggregate amortized historical cost of million and an aggregate fair market value of million as of December 31, 2022. The securities had a valuation that is determined using published net asset values (NAV) derived by an analysis of the security s underlying assets. The s ecurities are comprised primarily of broadly-diversified real estate loans and are traded in secondary markets on an infrequent basis. While these securities are redeemable through tender offers made by their respective issuers, the liquidation value of the securities may be below their stated NAVs and also subject to restrictions as to the amount of securities that can be redeemed at any single scheduled redemption. The Company anticipates that these securities will be redeemed by their respective issuers on indeterminate future dates as a consequence of the ultimate liquidation strategies employed by the management of these investments. The Company also holds two limited partnership investments managed by an unrelated third party with an aggregate fair market value of million. The investments are funds comprised of marketable equity securities, primarily focused on community banks and financial technology companies. These investments are recorded at fair value at the end of each reporting period using Level 1 valuation techniques. Unrealized changes in the fair value of these investments are recorded as components of periodic net income in the period in which the changes occur. Interest rate derivatives: The fair value of the interest rate derivatives, characterized as either fair value or cash flow hedges, are calculated based on a discounted cash flow model. All future floating rate cash flows are projected and both floating rate and fixed rate cash flows are discounted to the valuation date. The benchmark interest rate curve utilized for projecting cash flows and applying appropriate discount rates is built by obtaining publicly available third party market quotes for various swap maturity terms. Impaired loans: Impaired loans are those loans in which the Company has measured impairment based on the fair value of the loan s collateral or the discounted value of expected future cash flows. Fair value is generally determined based upon market value evaluations by third parties of the properties and/or estimates by management of working capital collateral or discounted cash flows based upon expected proceeds. These appraisals may include up to three approaches to value: the sales comparison approach, the income approach (for income-producing property), and the cost approach. Management modifies the appraised values, if needed, to take into account recent developments in the market or other factors, such as, changes in absorption rates or market conditions from the time of valuation and anticipated sales values considering management s plans for disposition. Such modifications to the appraised values could result in lower valuations of such collateral. Estimated costs to sell are based on current amounts of disposal costs for similar assets. These measurements are classified as Level 3 within the valuation hierarchy. Impaired loans are subject to nonrecurring fair value adjustment upon initial recognition or subsequent impairment. A portion of the allowance for loan losses is allocated to impaired loans if the value of such loans is deemed to be less than the unpaid balance. 

- 

State and political subdivisions 

- 

- 

Corporate 

- 

- 

Asset backed securities 

- 

- 

Residential mortgage-backed - US agency 

- 

- 

Collateralized mortgage obligations - US agency 

- 

- 

Collateralized mortgage obligations - Private label 

- 

- 

Total 

- 

- 

Equity investment securities: 

Common stock - financial services industry 

- 

- 

Other Securities: 

Corporate issuances measured at NAV 

- 

- 

- 

Total available-for-sale securities 

- 

Marketable securities measured at NAV 

- 

- 

Interest rate swap derivative fair value hedges (unrealized gain carried as receivable from derivative counterparties) 

- 

- 

Interest rate swap derivative cash flow hedges (unrealized gain carried as receivable from derivative counterparties) 

- 

- 

December 31, 2021 

Total Fair 

(In thousands) 
 
 Level 1 

Level 2 

Level 3 

Value 

Available-for-Sale Portfolio 

Debt investment securities: 

US Treasury, agencies and GSEs 

- 

- 

State and political subdivisions 

- 

- 

Corporate 

- 

- 

Asset backed securities 

- 

- 

Residential mortgage-backed - US agency 

- 

- 

Collateralized mortgage obligations - US agency 

- 

- 

Collateralized mortgage obligations - Private label 

- 

- 

Total 

- 

- 

Equity investment securities: 

Common stock - financial services industry 

- 

- 

Other Securities: 

Investment securities issued by corporations measured at NAV 

- 

- 

- 

Total available-for-sale securities 

- 

Marketable securities measured at NAV 

- 

- 

Interest rate swap derivative fair value hedges (unrealized gain carried as receivable from derivative counterparties) 

- 

- 

Interest rate swap derivative cash flow hedges (unrealized loss carried as payable to derivative counterparties) 

- 

() 

- 

() 

Foreclosed real estate 

- 

- 

December 31, 2021 

Total Fair 

(In thousands) 
 
 Level 1 

Level 2 

Level 3 

Value 

Impaired loans 

- 

- 

Foreclosed real estate 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

(Sales Approach) 
 Costs to Sell 
 - 

Discounted Cash Flow 

Foreclosed real estate 
 Appraisal of collateral 
 Appraisal Adjustments 
 - 

(Sales Approach) 
 Costs to Sell 
 - 

Quantitative Information about Level 3 Fair Value Measurements 

Valuation 
 Unobservable 
 Range 

Techniques 
 Input 
 (Weighted Avg.) 

At December 31, 2021 

Impaired loans 
 Appraisal of collateral 
 Appraisal Adjustments 
 - 

(Sales Approach) 
 Costs to Sell 
 - 

Discounted Cash Flow 

Required disclosures include fair value information of financial instruments, whether or not recognized in the consolidated statement of condition, for which it is practicable to estimate that value. In cases where quoted market prices are not available, fair values are based on estimates using present value or other valuation techniques. Those techniques are significantly affected by the assumptions used, including the discount rate and estimates of future cash flows. In that regard, the derived fair value estimates cannot be substantiated by comparison to independent markets and, in many cases, could not be realized in immediate settlement of the instrument. The Company has various processes and controls in place to ensure that fair value is reasonably estimated. The Company performs due diligence procedures over third-party pricing service providers in order to support their use in the valuation process. While the Company believes its valuation methods are appropriate and consistent with other market participants, the use of different methodologies or assumptions to determine the fair value of certain financial instruments could result in a different estimate of fair value at the reporting date. Management uses its best judgment in estimating the fair value of the Company s financial instruments; however, there are inherent weaknesses in any estimation technique. Therefore, for substantially all financial instruments, the fair value estimates herein are not necessarily indicative of the amounts the Company could have realized in a sales transaction on the dates indicated. The estimated fair value amounts have been measured as of their respective period-ends, and have not been re-evaluated or updated for purposes of these financial statements subsequent to those respective dates. As such, the estimated fair values of these financial instruments subsequent to the respective reporting dates may be different than the amounts reported at each period-end. FASB ASC Topic 820 for Fair Value Measurements and Disclosures, the financial assets and liabilities were valued at a price that represents the Company s exit price or the price at which these instruments would be sold or transferred. The following information should not be interpreted as an estimate of the fair value of the entire Company since a fair value calculation is only provided for a limited portion of the Company s assets and liabilities. Due to a wide range of valuation techniques and the degree of subjectivity used in making the estimates, comparisons between the Company s disclosures and those of other companies may not be meaningful. The Company, in estimating its fair value disclosures for financial instruments, used the following methods and assumptions: Cash and cash equivalents The carrying amounts of these assets approximate their fair value and are classified as Level 1. Federal Home Loan Bank stock The carrying amount of these assets approximates their fair value and are classified as Level 2. Net loans For variable-rate loans that re-price frequently, fair value is based on carrying amounts. The fair value of other loans (for example, fixed-rate commercial real estate loans, mortgage loans, and commercial and industrial loans) is estimated using discounted cash flow analysis, based on interest rates currently being offered in the market for loans with similar terms to borrowers of similar credit quality. Loan value estimates include judgments based on expected prepayment rates. The measurement of the fair value of loans, including impaired loans, is classified within Level 3 of the fair value hierarchy. Accrued interest receivable and payable The carrying amount of these assets approximates their fair value and are classified as Level 1. Deposits The fair values disclosed for demand deposits (e.g., interest-bearing and noninterest-bearing checking, passbook savings and certain types of money management accounts) are, by definition, equal to the amount payable on demand at the reporting date (i.e., their carrying amounts) and are classified within Level 1 of the fair value hierarchy. Fair values for fixed-rate certificates of deposit are estimated using a discounted cash flow calculation that applies interest rates currently being offered in the market on certificates of deposits to a schedule of aggregated expected monthly maturities on time deposits. Measurements of the fair value of time deposits are classified within Level 2 of the fair value hierarchy. Borrowings Fixed/variable term structures are valued using a replacement cost of funds approach. These borrowings are discounted to the FHLBNY advance curve. Option structured borrowings fair values are determined by the FHLB for borrowings that include a call or conversion option. If market pricing is not available from this source, current market indications from the FHLBNY are obtained and the borrowings are discounted to the FHLBNY advance curve less an appropriate spread to adjust for the option. These measurements are classified as Level 2 within the fair value hierarchy. Subordinated debt The Company secures quotes from its pricing service based on a discounted cash flow methodology or utilizes observations of recent highly-similar transactions which result in a Level 2 classification. 

Investment securities - available-for-sale 

2 

Investment securities - available-for-sale 
 
 NAV 

Investment securities - marketable securities 
 
 NAV 

Investment securities - held-to-maturity 

2 

Federal Home Loan Bank stock 

2 

Net loans 

3 

Accrued interest receivable 

1 

Interest rate derivative fair value hedges receivable - AFS investments 

2 

Interest rate derivative fair value hedges receivable - loans 

2 

Financial liabilities: 

Demand Deposits, Savings, NOW and MMDA 

1 

Time Deposits 

2 

Borrowings 

2 

Subordinated debt 

2 

Accrued interest payable 

1 

Interest rate derivative cash flow hedge receivable/(payable) 

2 

() 

() 

Investments 

Investment in bank subsidiary 

Investment in non-bank subsidiary 

Premise and equipment, net 

Assets held-for-sale 

Other assets 

Total assets 

Liabilities and Shareholders' Equity 

Accrued liabilities 

Subordinated debt 

Shareholders' equity 

Total liabilities and shareholders' equity 

Dividends from marketable equity security 

Gain (loss) on marketable securities 

() 

Impairment on premise and equipment 

() 

Operating, net 

Total income 

Expenses 

Interest 

Operating, net 

Total expenses 

Loss before taxes and equity in undistributed net income of subsidiaries 

() 

() 

Tax benefit 

Loss before equity in undistributed net income of subsidiaries 

() 

() 

Equity in undistributed net income of subsidiaries 

Net income 

Statements of Cash Flows 
 
 2022 

2021 

(In thousands) 

Operating Activities 

Net Income 

Equity in undistributed net income of subsidiaries 

() 

() 

Stock based compensation and ESOP expense 

Amortization of deferred financing from subordinated loan 

Gains on marketable securities 

() 

Impairment of fixed asset 

- 

Net change in other assets and liabilities 

() 

Net cash flows from operating activities 

() 

() 

Investing Activities 

Purchase of investments 

() 

- 

Proceeds from sales of marketable equity securities 

- 

Disposal of premises and equipment 

() 

- 

Transfer of fixed asset to held-for-sale 

- 

Proceeds from insurance claim for premises and equipment 

- 

Purchase of premises and equipment 

() 

() 

Net cash flows from investing activities 

() 

() 

Financing activities 

Proceeds from exercise of stock options 

Payments on redemption of subordinated debt 

- 

() 

Cash dividends paid to common shareholders 

() 

() 

Cash dividends paid to non-voting common shareholders 

() 

() 

Cash dividends paid to preferred shareholders 

- 

() 

Cash dividends paid on warrants 

() 

() 

Net cash flows from financing activities 

() 

() 

Change in cash and cash equivalents 

() 

() 

Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of year 

Cash and cash equivalents at end of year 

- 125 - 

Originations and related party additions 

Principal payments and related party removals 

() 

() 

Balance at the end of the period 

Deposit accounts of each related party at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 were million and million, respectively. 

 million. The asset has been classified as held-for-sale and is being actively marketed as of the filing date. It is the Company's intention to complete the sale of this asset during 2023. For the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company recorded an impairment charge of on this asset to reflect its estimated realizable value upon sale. 

() 

() 

Other comprehensive income before reclassifications 

() 

() 

() 

() 

Amounts reclassified from AOCI 

Ending balance 

() 

() 

() 

For the year ended December 31, 2021 

(In thousands) 
 
 Retirement Plans 

Unrealized Gains and (Losses) on Available-for- Sale Securities 

Unrealized (Losses) and Gains on Derivatives and Hedging Activities 

Unrealized (Loss) on Securities Transferred to Held-to- Maturity 

Total 

Beginning balance 

() 

() 

() 

() 

Other comprehensive income before reclassifications 

() 

Amounts reclassified from AOCI 

() 

Ending balance 

() 

() 

() 

() 
 
 Salaries and employee benefits 

Provision for income taxes 

() 

() 
 
 Net Income 

Available-for-sale securities 

Realized gain (loss) on sale of securities 

() 

Net (losses) gains on sales and redemptions of investment securities 

() 
 
 Provision for income taxes 

() 

Net Income 
 
 (1) 

 (2) 

 See Note 14 for additional information. 

- 127 - 

Deposit related fees 

ATM fees 

Total service charges on deposit accounts 

Fee Income 

Insurance agency revenue 

Investment services revenue 

ATM fees surcharge 

Banking house rents collected 

Total fee income 

Card income 

Debit card interchange fees 

Merchant card fees 

Total card income 

Mortgage fee income and realized gain on sale of loans and foreclosed real estate 

Loan servicing fees 

Net gains on sales of loans and foreclosed real estate 

Total mortgage fee income and realized gain on sale of loans and foreclosed real estate 

Total 

Earnings and gain on bank owned life insurance 

Net (losses) gains on sales and redemption of investment securities 

() 

Gains on marketable securities 

Net (losses) gains on sale of premises and equipment 

() 

Other miscellaneous income 

Total noninterest income 

The following is a discussion of key revenues within the scope of ASC 606: Service charges on deposit accounts Revenue is earned through insufficient funds fees, customer initiated activities or passage of time for deposit related fees, and ATM service fees. Transaction-based fees are recognized at the time the transaction is executed, which is the same time the Company s performance obligation is satisfied. Account maintenance fees are earned over the course of the month as the monthly maintenance performance obligation to the customer is satisfied. 

 Fee income Revenue is earned through commissions on insurance and securities sales, ATM surcharge fees, and banking house rents collected. The Company earns investment advisory fee income by providing investment management services to customers under investment management contracts. As the direction of investment management accounts is provided over time, the performance obligation to investment management customers is satisfied over time, and therefore, revenue is recognized over time. 

 Card income Card income consists of interchange fees from consumer debit card networks and other related services. Interchange rates are set by unaffiliated card processing networks. Interchange fees are based on purchase volumes transacted and certain other factors and are recognized as transactions occur. 

 Mortgage fee income and realized gain on sale of loans and foreclosed real estate Revenue from mortgage fee income and realized gain on sale of loans and foreclosed real estate is earned through the origination of residential and commercial mortgage loans, sales of one-to-four family residential mortgage loans, sales of government guarantees portions of SBA loans, and sales of foreclosed real estate, and is earned as the individual transactions occur. 

- 128 - 

up to years, some of which include options to extend the leases for various renewal periods. All options to renew are included in the current lease term when we believe it is reasonably certain that the renewal options will be exercised. 

Finance lease cost 

Operating cash flows from finance leases 

Financing cash flows from finance leases 

Operating lease liabilities 

Finance Leases: 

Finance lease right-of-use assets 

Finance lease liability 

Weighted Average Remaining Lease Term: 

Operating Leases 
 
 years 

years 

Finance Leases 
 
 years 

years 

Weighted Average Discount Rate: 

Operating Leases 

Finance Leases 

2024 

2025 

2026 

2027 

Thereafter 

Total minimum lease payments 

The Company owns certain properties that it leases to unaffiliated third parties at market rates. Lease rental income was and for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. All lease agreements are accounted for as operating leases. 

- 129 - 

ITEM 9: CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCO UNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE 
 None. 
 ITEM 9A: CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 
 Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
 Under the supervision and with the participation of our Chief Executive Officer CEO and our Chief Financial Officer CFO (the Company s principal executive officer and principal financial officer), management conducted an evaluation (the Evaluation of the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rule 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act) as of December 31, 2022. The term disclosure controls and procedures, under the Exchange Act, means controls and other procedures of a company that are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by a company in the reports that it files or submits under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported, within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms. Disclosure controls and procedures include, without limitation, controls and procedures designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by a company in the reports that it files or submits under the Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated to our management, including its principal executive officer and principal financial officer, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 
 
 - 130 - 

In connection with the filing of the Annual Report on Form 10-K as of December 31, 2022, our CEO and CFO concluded that the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures were effective at December 31, 2022. 
 
 Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
 During 2022, we evaluated, under the supervision and with the participation of our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures (as such term is defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (the Exchange Act )). Management necessarily applied its judgment in assessing the costs and benefits of those controls and procedures, which by their nature, can provide only reasonable assurance about management s control objectives. It should be noted that the design of any system of controls is based in part upon certain assumptions about the likelihood of future events, and we cannot make absolute assurances that any design will succeed in achieving its stated goals under all potential future conditions, regardless of how remote. Based upon this evaluation, our Chief Executive Officer and the Chief Financial Officer concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were effective and operating to provide reasonable assurance that we record, process, summarize, and report the information we are required to disclose in the reports that we file or submit under the Exchange Act within the time periods specified in the rules and forms of the SEC, and to provide reasonable assurance that we accumulate and communicate such information to our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, as appropriate to allow timely decisions about required disclosure. 
 CHANGES IN INTERNAL CONTROL OVER FINANCIAL REPORTING 
 We did not make any changes in internal control over financial reporting during the year ended December 31, 2022 that materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, the Company s internal control over financial reporting. 
 ITEM 9B: OTHER INFORMATION 
 None. 
 ITEM 9C: DISCLOSURE REGARDING FOREIGN JURISDICTIONS THAT PREVENT INSPECTIONS 
 Not applicable. 
 PART III 
 ITEM 10: DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OF FICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 
 (a) Information concerning the directors of the Company is incorporated herein by reference to Proposal 1 of the Company s Proxy Statement for the Annual Meeting of Shareholders. 

(b) Information concerning the officers and directors compliance with Section 16(a) of the Securities Exchange Act is incorporated herein by reference to the Company s Proxy Statement for the Annual Meeting of Shareholders under the caption Delinquent Section 16(a) Reports . 

(c) Information concerning the Company s Code of Ethics is incorporated herein by reference to the Company s Proxy Statement for the Annual Meeting of Shareholders under the caption Code of Ethics . 

(d) Information concerning the Company s Audit Committee and financial expert thereof is incorporated herein by reference to the Company s Proxy Statement for the Annual Meeting of Shareholders under the caption Audit Committee . 

(e) Set forth below is information concerning the Executive Officers of the Company at December 31, 2022. 

Name 
 Age 
 Positions Held With the Company 

James A. Dowd, CPA 
 55 
 President and Chief Executive Officer 

Ronald Tascarella 
 64 
 Executive Vice President, Chief Banking Officer 

Walter F. Rusnak, CPA, CGMA 
 69 
 Senior Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Controller 

Daniel R. Phillips 
 58 
 Senior Vice President, Chief Information Officer 

William O' Brien 
 57 
 Senior Vice President, Chief Risk Officer and Corporate Secretary 

Calvin L. Corridors 
 60 
 Regional President, Syracuse Market/HR Director 

ITEM 11: EXECUTI VE COMPENSATION 
 (a) Information with respect to management compensation and transactions required under this item is incorporated by reference hereunder in the Company's Proxy Materials for the Annual Meeting of Shareholders under the caption Compensation Committee . 

- 131 - 

(b) Information concerning director compensation is incorporated herein by reference to the Company s Proxy Statement for the Annual Meeting of Shareholders under the caption Directors Compensation . 

ITEM 12: SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OW NERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS 
 The information required by this item is incorporated by reference hereunder in the Company s Proxy Materials for the Annual Meeting of Shareholders under the caption Voting Securities and Principal Holders Thereof. 
 ITEM 13: CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATE D TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 
 The information required by this item is incorporated by reference hereunder in the Company s Proxy Materials for the Annual Meeting of Shareholders under the captions Independence and Diversity of Directors and Transactions with Certain Related Persons . 
 ITEM 14: PRINCIPAL ACCOU NTING FEES AND SERVICES 
 Our independent registered public accounting firm is Bonadio Co., LLP, Pittsford, NY, Auditor Firm ID . The information required by this item is incorporated by reference hereunder in the Company s Proxy Materials for the Annual Meeting of Shareholders under the caption Audit and Related Fees . 
 - 132 - 

PART IV 
 ITEM 15: EXHI BITS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES 

(a)(1) 
 
 Financial Statements - The Company s consolidated financial statements, for the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020, together with the Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm are filed as part of this Form 10-K report. See Item 8: Financial Statements and Supplementary Data. 

(a)(2) 
 
 Financial Statement Schedules - All financial statement schedules have been omitted as the required information is inapplicable or has been included in Item 7: Management Discussion and Analysis. 

(b) 
 
 Exhibits 

3.1 
 
 Articles of Incorporation of Pathfinder Bancorp, Inc. (Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to Pathfinder Bancorp, Inc. s Registration Statement on Form S-1, file no. 333-196676, originally filed on June 11, 2014) 

3.2 
 
 Bylaws of Pathfinder Bancorp, Inc. (Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 3.2 to Pathfinder Bancorp, Inc. s Registration Statement on Form S-1, file no. 333-196676, filed on June 11, 2014) 

3.3 
 
 Articles Supplementary to the Articles of Incorporation of Pathfinder Bancorp, Inc. designating the Company s Series B Convertible Perpetual Preferred Stock, par value 0.01 per share (Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to Pathfinder Bancorp, Inc. s Current Report on Form 8-K, file no. 001-36695, filed on May 9, 2019) 

3.4 
 
 Amendment to the Articles Supplementary to the Articles of Incorporation of Pathfinder Bancorp, Inc. designating the Series B Convertible Perpetual Preferred Stock, 0.01 par value per share (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to Pathfinder Bancorp, Inc. s Current Report on Form 8-K, file no. 001-36695, filed on November 17, 2020) 

3.5 
 
 Articles Supplementary to the Articles of Incorporation of Pathfinder Bancorp, Inc. creating Class A Non-Voting Common Stock, par value 0.01 per share (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to Pathfinder Bancorp Inc. s Current Report on Form 8-K, file no. 001-36695, filed on June 10, 2021) 

4.1 
 
 Form of Stock Certificate of Pathfinder Bancorp, Inc. (Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 4 to Pathfinder Bancorp, Inc. s Registration Statement on Form S-1, file no. 333-196676, filed on June 11, 2014) 

4.2 
 
 Indenture between Pathfinder Bancorp, Inc., a federal corporation, and Wilmington Trust Company, as trustee, dated March 22, 2007 (Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to Pathfinder Bancorp, Inc. s Current Report on Form 8-K, file no. 001-36695, filed on October 22, 2014) 

4.3 
 
 Supplemental Indenture between Pathfinder Bancorp, Inc. and Wilmington Trust Company, as trustee, dated October 16, 2014 (Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to Pathfinder Bancorp, Inc. s Current Report on Form 8-K, file no. 001-36695, filed on October 22, 2014) 

4.4 
 
 Warrant Agreement, by and between Pathfinder Bancorp, Inc. and Castle Creek Capital Partners VII, L.P., dated May 8, 2019 (Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to Pathfinder Bancorp, Inc. s Current Report on Form 8-K, file no. 001-36695, filed on May 9, 2019) 

4.5 
 
 Description of Common Stock (Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 4.5 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2019 file no 000-36695, filed on March 23, 2020) 

4.6 
 
 Indenture, dated as of October 14, 2020, by and between Pathfinder Bancorp, Inc. and UMB Bank, National Association, as trustee (Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to Pathfinder Bancorp, Inc. s Current Report on Form 8-K, file no. 001-36695, filed on October 15, 2020) 

4.7 
 
 Form of 5.50 Fixed-to-Floating Rate Subordinated Note due 2030 of Pathfinder Bancorp, Inc. (included in Exhibit 4.6) 

10.1 
 
 2003 Executive Deferred Compensation Plan (Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2008 file no. 000-23601, filed on March 27, 2009) 

10.2 
 
 2003 Trustee Deferred Fee Plan (Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2008 file no. 000-23601, filed on March 27, 2009) 

- 133 - 

10.5 
 
 Executive Supplemental Retirement Plan Agreement between Pathfinder Bank and James A. Dowd effective February 24, 2014 (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.15 to Pathfinder Bancorp, Inc. s Current Report Form 8-K, file no. 000-23601, filed on February 25, 2014) 

10.6 
 
 Amended and Restated Declaration of Trust among Pathfinder Bancorp, Inc., a federal corporation, as Sponsor, Wilmington Trust Company, as Delaware and Institutional Trustee, and the administrative trustees of the Pathfinder Statutory Trust II (Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Pathfinder Bancorp, Inc. s Current Report on Form 8-K, file no. 001-36695, filed on October 22, 2014) 

10.7 
 
 Amendment two to the Trustee Deferral Fee Plan (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.17 to Pathfinder Bancorp, Inc. s Annual Report on Form 10-K, file no. 001-36695, filed on March 18, 2015) 

10.8 
 
 Amendment one to the Executive Deferral Compensation Plan (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.18 to Pathfinder Bancorp, Inc. s Annual Report on Form 10-K, file no. 001-36695, filed on March 18, 2015) 

10.9 
 
 Amendment one to the Supplemental Executive Retirement Plan (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.19 to Pathfinder Bancorp, Inc. s Annual Report on Form 10-K, file no. 001-36695, filed on March 18, 2015) 

10.10 
 
 Subordinated Loan Agreement (Incorporated herein by reference to Pathfinder Bancorp, Inc. s Current Report on Form 8-K, file no. 001-36695, filed on October 19, 2015) 

10.11 
 
 2016 Pathfinder Bancorp, Inc. Equity Incentive Plan (Incorporated by reference to Appendix A to Pathfinder Bancorp, Inc. s Proxy Statement, file no. 001-36695, filed on March 29, 2016. 

10.12 
 
 Executive Supplemental Retirement Plan Agreement between Pathfinder Bank and Ronald Tascarella effective February 24, 2014 (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.14 to Pathfinder Bancorp, Inc. s Annual Report on Form 10-K, file no. 001-36695, filed on March 30, 2018). 

10.13 
 
 Senior Executive Split Dollar Life Insurance Plan (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Pathfinder Bancorp, Inc. s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed no. 001-36695, filed on January 7, 2019. 

10.14 
 
 Change of Control Agreement between Pathfinder Bank and James A. Dowd (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to Pathfinder Bancorp, Inc. s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed no. 001-36695, filed on January 7, 2019. 

10.15 
 
 Change of Control Agreement between Pathfinder Bank and Ronald Tascarella (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to Pathfinder Bancorp, Inc. s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed no. 001-36695, filed on January 7, 2019. 

10.16 
 
 Securities Purchase Agreement, by and between Pathfinder Bancorp, Inc. and the Purchasers Identified on the Signature Pages Thereto, dated May 8, 2019 (Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Pathfinder Bancorp, Inc. s Current Report on Form 8-K, file no. 001-36695, filed on May 9, 2019) 

10.17 
 
 Registration Rights Agreement, by and between Pathfinder Bancorp, Inc. and Castle Creek Capital Partners VII, L.P., dated May 8, 2019 (Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to Pathfinder Bancorp, Inc. s Current Report on Form 8-K, file no. 001-36695, filed on May 9, 2019) 

10.18 
 
 Form of Subordinated Note Purchase Agreement, dated as of October 14, 2020, by and between Pathfinder Bancorp, Inc. and the Several Purchasers (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Pathfinder Bancorp, Inc. s Current Report on Form 8-K, file no. 001-36695, filed on October 15, 2020) 

10.19 
 
 Form of Registration Rights Agreement, dated as of October 14, 2020, by and between Pathfinder Bancorp, Inc. and the Several Purchasers (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to Pathfinder Bancorp, Inc. s Current Report on Form 8-K, file no. 001-36695, filed on October 15, 2020) 

- 134 - 

10.20 
 
 Exchange Agreement, dated as of November 13, 2020, by and between Pathfinder Bancorp, Inc. and Castle Creek Capital Partners VII, LP. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Pathfinder Bancorp, Inc. s Current Report on Form 8-K, file no. 001-36695, filed on November 17, 2020) 

10.21 
 
 Separation Agreement and General Release by and Between Pathfinder Bancorp, Inc. and Thomas W. Schneider, Dated September 28, 2022 (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Pathfinder Bancorp Inc.'s Current Report on Form 8-K, file no. 001-36695, filed on October 7, 2022). 

14 
 
 Code of Ethics (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 14 to Pathfinder Bancorp, Inc. s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2003, file no. 000-23601, filed on March 31, 2004) 

21 
 
 Subsidiaries of Registrant 

23 
 
 Consent of Bonadio Co., LLP 

31.1 
 
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

31.2 
 
 Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

32 
 
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

101 
 
 Interactive data files pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T: (i) the Consolidated Statements of Condition as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, (ii) the Consolidated Statements of Income for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, (iii) the Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, (iv) the Consolidated Statements of Changes in Shareholders Equity for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, (v) the Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, and (vi) the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 

104 
 
 Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document) 

ITEM 16: FORM 10-K SUMMARY 
 None. 

- 135 - 

Signatures 
 Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Company has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

Pathfinder Bancorp, Inc. 

Date: 
 
 March 31, 2023 
 
 By: 
 
 /s/ James A. Dowd James A. Dowd President and Chief Executive Officer 

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the Registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 

By: 
 
 /s/ James A. Dowd 
 
 By: 
 
 /s/ Walter F. Rusnak 

James A. Dowd, President and Chief Executive Officer 

Walter F. Rusnak, Senior Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Controller 

(Principal Executive Officer) 

(Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

Date: 
 
 March 31, 2023 
 
 Date: 
 
 March 31, 2023 

By: 
 
 /s/ Lloyd Stemple 
 
 By: 
 
 /s/ William A. Barclay 

Lloyd Stemple, Director 

William A. Barclay, Director 

Date: 
 
 March 31, 2023 
 
 Date: 
 
 March 31, 2023 

By: 
 
 /s/ John P. Funiciello 
 
 By: 
 
 /s/ Chris R. Burritt 

John Funiciello, Director 

Chris R. Burritt, Director 

Date: 
 
 March 31, 2023 
 
 Date: 
 
 March 31, 2023 

By: 
 
 /s/ David A. Ayoub 
 
 By: 
 
 /s/ John F. Sharkey 

David A. Ayoub, Director 

John F. Sharkey, Director 

Date: 
 
 March 31, 2023 
 
 Date: 
 
 March 31, 2023 

By: 
 
 /s/ Adam C. Gagas 
 
 By: 
 
 /s/ Melanie Littlejohn 

Adam C. Gagas, Director 

Melanie Littlejohn, Director 

Date: 
 
 March 31, 2023 
 
 Date: 
 
 March 31, 2023 

By: 
 
 /s/ Meghan Crawford-Hamlin 
 
 By: 
 
 /s/ Eric Allyn 

Meghan Crawford-Hamlin, Director 

Eric Allyn, Director 

Date: 
 
 March 31, 2023 
 
 Date: 
 
 March 31, 2023 

- 136 - 

<EX-21>
 2
 pbhc-ex21.htm
 EX-21

EX-21 

EXHIBIT 21: SUBSIDIARIES OF THE REGISTRANT 

Name 

State of Incorporation 

Pathfinder Bank 

New York (direct) 

Pathfinder Statutory Trust II 

Delaware (direct) 

Whispering Oaks Development Corp. 

New York (indirect) 

Pathfinder Risk Management Company Inc. 

New York (indirect) 

FitzGibbons Agency, LLC (1) 

New York (indirect) 

(1) Pathfinder Bancorp, Inc. indirectly owns 51 of FitzGibbons Agency, LLC 

The Company has evaluated the activities relating to its strategic business units. The controlling interest in the FitzGibbons Agency is dissimilar in nature and management when compared to the Company s other strategic business units which are judged to be similar in nature and management. The Company has determined that the FitzGibbons Agency is below the reporting threshold in size in accordance with Accounting Standards Codification 280. Accordingly, the Company has determined it has no reportable segments. 

</EX-21>

<EX-23>
 3
 pbhc-ex23.htm
 EX-23

EX-23 

EXHIBIT 23: CONSENT OF BONADIO CO., LLP 
 CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 
 Pathfinder Bancorp, Inc. 
 Oswego, New York 
 We consent to the incorporation by reference in the registration statements on Forms S-8 (No. 333-202081 and 333-224388) of our report dated March 31, 2023 of Pathfinder Bancorp, Inc. relating to the consolidated financial statements, which report appears in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

/s/ Bonadio Co., LLP 

Bonadio Co., LLP 

Pittsford, New York 

March 31, 2023 

</EX-23>

<EX-31>
 4
 pbhc-ex31_1.htm
 EX-31.1

EX-31 

EXHIBIT 31.1: Rule 13a-14(a) / 15d-14(a) Certification of the Chief Executive Officer 
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer 
 Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 I, James A. Dowd, President and Chief Executive Officer, certify that: 
 1. I have reviewed this Annual report on Form 10-K of Pathfinder Bancorp, Inc.; 

2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. Based on my knowledge, the consolidated financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the consolidated financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. The registrant's other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

(a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting, to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of consolidated financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

(c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

(d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. The registrant's other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors: 

(a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

(b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting. 

March 31, 2023 
 
 /s/ James A. Dowd 

James A. Dowd 

President and Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-31>

<EX-31>
 5
 pbhc-ex31_2.htm
 EX-31.2

EX-31 

EXHIBIT 31.2: Rule 13a-14(a) / 15d-14(a) Ce rtification of the Chief Financial Officer 
 Certification of Chief Financial Officer 
 Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 I, Walter F. Rusnak, Senior Vice President, Chief Financial Officer, certify that: 
 1. I have reviewed this Annual report on Form 10-K of Pathfinder Bancorp, Inc.; 

2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. Based on my knowledge, the consolidated financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the consolidated financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. The registrant's other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

(a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting, to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of consolidated financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

(c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

(d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. The registrant's other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors: 

(a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

(b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting. 

March 31, 2023 
 
 /s/ Walter F. Rusnak 

Walter F. Rusnak 

Senior Vice President, Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-31>

<EX-32>
 6
 pbhc-ex32.htm
 EX-32

EX-32 

EXHIBIT 32 Section 1350 Certification of the Chief Executive and Chief Financial Officers 
 Certification pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 James A. Dowd, President and Chief Executive Officer, and Walter F. Rusnak, Senior Vice President, Chief Financial Officer of Pathfinder Bancorp, Inc. (the Company ), each certify in his capacity as an officer of the Company that he has reviewed the Annual Report of the Company on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022 and that to the best of his knowledge: 
 1. the report fully complies with the requirements of Sections 13(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

2. the information contained in the report fairly presents, in all material respects, the consolidated financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

The purpose of this statement is solely to comply with Title 18, Chapter 63, Section 1350 of the United States Code, as amended by Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

March 31, 2023 
 
 /s/ James A. Dowd 

James A. Dowd 

President and Chief Executive Officer 

March 31, 2023 
 
 /s/ Walter F. Rusnak 

Walter F. Rusnak 

Senior Vice President, Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-32>

<EX-101.PRE>
 7
 pbhc-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

<EX-101.DEF>
 8
 pbhc-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.CAL>
 9
 pbhc-20221231_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.LAB>
 10
 pbhc-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.SCH>
 11
 pbhc-20221231.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

