<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230315_10-K_edgar_data_944745_0000950170-23-008123.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>42878462</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>370597</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>3466542</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>23020180</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>4361046</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>10427951</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>13</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0000950170-23-008123.hdr.sgml : 20230315
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230315160522
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0000950170-23-008123
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		171
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230315
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230315

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			CIVISTA BANCSHARES, INC.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000944745
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	STATE COMMERCIAL BANKS [6022]
		IRS NUMBER:				341558688
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			OH
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-36192
		FILM NUMBER:		23735165

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		100 EAST WATER ST
		STREET 2:		P O BOX 5016
		CITY:			SANDUSKY
		STATE:			OH
		ZIP:			44870
		BUSINESS PHONE:		4196254121

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		100 EAST WATER ST
		STREET 2:		P O BOX 5016
		CITY:			SANDUSKY
		STATE:			OH
		ZIP:			44870

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	FIRST CITIZENS BANC CORP /OH
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19950502

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0000950170-23-008123.txt : 20230315

10-K
 1
 civb-20221231.htm
 10-K

10-K 

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549 
 
 FORM 
 
 	 ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the fiscal year ended , 
 OR 
 	 TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the transition period from to 
 Commission file number 

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

State or other jurisdiction of 

(IRS Employer 

incorporation or organization 

Identification No.) 

, , 
 (Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code) 
 Registrant s telephone number, including area code 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 

Title of each class 
 
 Trading Symbol(s) 
 
 Name of each exchange on which registered 

The NASDAQ Stock Market LLC Capital Market) 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: None 
 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer , accelerated filer , smaller reporting company , and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large accelerated filer 

Non-accelerated filer 

Smaller reporting company 

Emerging Growth Company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 
 
 If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant s executive o cers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act). Yes No 
 The aggregate market value of the voting and non-voting common equity held by non-affiliates of the registrant based upon the closing market price as of June 30, 2022 was . Fo r this purpose, shares held by non-affiliates include all outstanding common shares except those beneficially owned by the directors and executive officers of the registrant. 
 As of February 21, 2023, there were c ommon shares, no par value, of the registrant issued and outstanding. 
 DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 

INDEX 

Part I 

Item 1. 
 
 Business 
 
 3 

Item 1A. 
 
 Risk Factors 
 
 18 

Item 1B. 
 
 Unresolved Staff Comments 
 
 32 

Item 2. 
 
 Properties 
 
 32 

Item 3. 
 
 Legal Proceedings 
 
 32 

Item 4. 
 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 
 32 

Part II 

Item 5. 
 
 Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 
 33 

Item 6. 
 
 Reserved 
 
 34 

Item 7. 
 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 
 35 

Item 7A. 
 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 
 51 

Item 8. 
 
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 
 54 

Item 9. 
 
 Changes in and Disagreements With Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 
 129 

Item 9A. 
 
 Controls and Procedures 
 
 129 

Item 9B. 
 
 Other Information 
 
 129 

Item 9C. 
 
 Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 
 129 

Part III 

Item 10. 
 
 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 
 130 

Item 11. 
 
 Executive Compensation 
 
 130 

Item 12. 
 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 
 130 

Item 13. 
 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 
 130 

Item 14. 
 
 Principal Accountant Fees and Services 
 
 130 

Part IV 

Item 15. 
 
 Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 
 
 131 

Item 16 
 
 Form 10-K Summary 
 
 133 

Signatures 
 
 134 

PART I 
 Item 1. Business 
 
 General Development of Business 
 CIVISTA BANCSHARES, INC. CBI was organized under the laws of the State of Ohio on February 19, 1987 and is a registered financial holding company under the Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act of 1999, as amended (the GLBA ). CBI s office is located at 100 East Water Street, Sandusky, Ohio. CBI and its subsidiaries are sometimes referred to together as the Company . The Company had total consolidated assets of 3,537,830 at December 31, 2022. 
 CIVISTA BANK Civista ), owned by the Company since 1987, opened for business in 1884 as The Citizens National Bank. In 1898, Civista was reorganized under Ohio banking law and was known as The Citizens Bank and Trust Company. In 1908, Civista surrendered its trust charter and began operation as The Citizens Banking Company. The name Civista Bank was introduced during the first quarter of 2015 to solidify our dual Citizens/Champaign brand and distinguish ourselves from the many other banks using the Citizens name in our existing and prospective markets. Civista maintains its main office at 100 East Water Street, Sandusky, Ohio and operates branch banking offices in the following Ohio communities: Sandusky (2), Norwalk (2), Berlin Heights, Huron, Port Clinton, Castalia, New Washington, Shelby (2), Willard, Greenwich, Plymouth, Shiloh, Akron, Dublin, Plain City, Russells Point, Urbana (2), West Liberty, Quincy, Dayton (3), Beachwood, Gahanna, Napoleon (3), Malinta, Liberty Center, Holgate, Bowling Green, and in the following Indiana communities: Lawrenceburg (3), Aurora, West Harrison, Milan, Osgood and Versailles. Civista also operates loan production offices in Westlake, Ohio and Fort Mitchell, Kentucky and a leasing company office in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania. Civista and its consolidated subsidiaries as discussed below, accounted for 99.2 of the Company s consolidated assets at December 31, 2022. 
 FIRST CITIZENS INSURANCE AGENCY, INC. FCIA was formed as a wholly-owned subsidiary of CBI to allow the Company to participate in commission revenue generated through its third party insurance agreement. Assets of FCIA were not significant as of December 31, 2022. 
 WATER STREET PROPERTIES WSP was formed as a wholly-owned subsidiary of CBI to hold properties repossessed by CBI subsidiaries. Assets of WSP were not significant as of December 31, 2022. 
 FIRST CITIZENS INVESTMENTS, INC. FCI was formed in the fourth quarter of 2007 as a wholly-owned subsidiary of Civista to hold and manage its securities portfolio. The operations of FCI are located in Wilmington, Delaware. 
 FIRST CITIZENS CAPITAL LLC FCC was also formed in the fourth quarter of 2007 as a wholly-owned subsidiary of Civista to hold inter-company debt that is eliminated in consolidation. The operations of FCC were discontinued December 31, 2021 as a result of inactivity. 
 VISION FINANCIAL GROUP, INC. VFG was acquired in the fourth quarter of 2022 as a wholly-owned subsidiary of Civista and is a full-service general equipment leasing financing company. The operations of VFG are located in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania. 
 CIVB RISK MANAGEMENT, INC. CRMI ), a wholly-owned subsidiary of CBI which was formed and began operations on December 26, 2017, is a Delaware-based captive insurance company which insures against certain risks unique to the operations of the Company and for which insurance may not be currently available or economically feasible in today s insurance marketplace. CRMI pools resources with several other similar insurance company subsidiaries of financial institutions to spread a limited amount of risk among themselves. CRMI is subject to regulations of the State of Delaware and undergoes periodic examinations by the Delaware Division of Insurance. 
 
 Acquisition of Comunibanc Corp. 
 
 On July 1, 2022, CBI completed the acquisition by merger of Comunibanc Corp. in a stock and cash transaction for aggregate consideration of approximately 46,090. Immediately following the merger, Comunibanc Corp. s banking subsidiary, The Henry County Bank, was merged into Civista. At the time of the merger, Comunibanc Corp. had total assets of 315,083, including 175,500 in loans, and 271,081 in deposits. As a result of the merger, we acquired seven offices of Comunibanc Corp. in the Ohio communities of Napoleon (3), Malinta, Holgate, Liberty Center, and Bowling Green. 
 
 3 
 
 Acquisition of Vision Financial Group 
 
 On October 3, 2022, CBI and Civista completed the acquisition by Civista of all of the issued and outstanding shares of capital stock of VFG for aggregate cash and stock consideration of approximately 46,544. Prior to the acquisition, VFG was a privately held, independent, full-service equipment leasing and financing company headquartered in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania. At the time of the acquisition, VFG had total assets of 93,870, including 62,712 in loans and leases. As a result of the acquisition, VFG became a wholly-owned subsidiary of Civista. 
 
 CBI is a financial holding company. Through its subsidiaries, including Civista, the Company is primarily engaged in the business of community banking, which accounts for substantially all of its revenue, operating income and assets. Refer to the Consolidated Financial Statements on pages 64 through 69 of the 2022 Annual Report for additional information. 
 
 Narrative Description of Business 
 General 
 The Company s primary business is incidental to the subsidiary bank and its subsidiaries. Civista, through its locations in the Ohio counties of Erie, Crawford, Champaign, Cuyahoga, Franklin, Huron, Logan, Madison, Montgomery, Ottawa, Richland, Henry, Wood and Summit, in the Indiana counties of Dearborn and Ripley and in the Kentucky county of Kenton, conducts a general banking business that involves collecting customer deposits, making loans, purchasing securities, and offering Trust services. Civista also engages in a general equipment leasing and financing business through its wholly-owned subsidiary, VFG, which was acquired in October 2022. 
 Interest and fees on loans accounted for 69 of total revenue for 2022, 67 of total revenue for 2021, and 69 of total revenue for 2020. The Company s primary focus of lending continues to be real estate loans, both residential and commercial in nature. Commercial real estate loans comprised 55 of the total loan portfolio in 2022, 56 of the total loan portfolio in 2021, and 48 of the total loan portfolio in 2020. Residential real estate mortgage loans comprised 22 of the total loan portfolio in 2022, 22 of the total loan portfolio in 2021 and 22 of the total loan portfolio in 2020. Commercial and agriculture loans comprised 11 of the total loan portfolio in 2022, 12 in 2021, and 20 in 2020. Civista s loan portfolio does not include any foreign-based loans, loans to lesser-developed countries or loans to CBI or its other subsidiaries. 
 On a parent company only basis, CBI s primary source of funds is the receipt of dividends paid by its subsidiaries, principally Civista. The ability of Civista to pay dividends is subject to limitations under various laws and regulations and to prudent and sound banking principles. Generally, subject to certain minimum capital requirements, Civista may declare a dividend without the approval of the State of Ohio Division of Financial Institutions (the ODFI unless the total of the dividends in a calendar year exceeds the total net profits of the bank for the year combined with the retained profits of the bank for the two preceding years. At December 31, 2022, Civista had 55,501 of accumulated net profits available to pay dividends to CBI without approval of the ODFI. 
 The Company s business is not seasonal, nor is it dependent on a single or small group of customers. 
 Business Strategy 
 
 The Company s strategy is to compete for business by providing high quality, personal service to customers, enhanced local presence and customer access to our decision-makers, rapid decision-making, and competitive interest rates and fees. We develop and maintain business relationships by taking on leadership roles in our communities through the involvement of our experienced commercial and retail bankers, management team and Board of Directors. We believe we will continue to drive growth and increase profitability, while maintaining our high level of asset quality, by doing the following: 
 Expand Relationships in Our Communities 
 
 We emphasize relationship banking by maintaining and growing our customers and contacts with personal interaction by our bankers and management teams in the communities that we serve. We strive to do this by offering a full suite of competitive banking products through efficient and varied delivery channels tailored to the needs of our customers and potential customers. Civista, through its Civista Wealth Management division, also offers investment and advisory solutions. Our approach is personalized and focused on what our clients need. We provide individuals, families, business and non-profits with personalized investment management, 401-(k) advisory services for employers, financial planning, trust services, and tailored lending. 
 4 

Core Deposit Growth 
 
 We plan to continue to focus on growing our core, commercial operating and retail, non-maturity deposit base with an emphasis on relationship banking. Our business model focuses on gaining the majority of our customers banking relationships by implementing many best practices for community banks, including personalized service and technology. We believe that these generate stickier deposit accounts with larger average balances than might be attracted otherwise. From time to time we also use pricing techniques in our efforts to attract banking relationships having larger than average balances. 
 
 Leverage Our Residential Mortgage Banking Infrastructure 
 
 We seek to leverage our mortgage banking infrastructure to support the origination of residential mortgage loans for sale into the secondary market. Mortgage loan originations and sales activity are strategies utilized to support growth in our non-interest income, while also serving to help manage the Company s exposure to interest rate risk through the sale of longer-duration, fixed-rate loans into the secondary market. 
 
 Improve Our Operating Efficiency 
 
 Expense discipline is a key strategy to improve operating efficiency and contribute to earnings growth. We also strive to operate more efficiently by incorporating technology into our client offerings. 
 
 Maintain Robust Capital and Liquidity Levels 
 
 The Company s capital position provides a source of strength and continues to significantly exceed all regulatory capital guidelines as demonstrated by the December 31, 2022 Tier 1 Leverage ratios of the Company and Civista of 8.9 percent and 10.3 percent, respectively. We plan to continue to maintain robust capital reserves. 
 
 In addition to our robust capital levels, we maintain significant sources of both on- and off-balance sheet liquidity and plan to continue to do so. At December 31, 2022, our liquid assets included 43.3 million of short-term cash and equivalents supplemented by 615.4 million of investment securities classified as available for sale which can be readily sold or pledged as collateral, if necessary. In addition, we had the capacity to borrow additional funds totaling 374.7 million from the Federal Home Loan Bank of Cincinnati at December 31, 2022. 
 
 Ensure the Adequacy of Our Allowance for Credit Losses 
 
 Despite the economic implications and challenges resulting from the COVID-19 pandemic on our business over the past three years, our reserve levels have remained adequate with total allowance amounting to 28.5 million at December 31, 2022. 
 
 Market Area and Competition 
 
 At December 31, 2022, our primary market area consisted of the counties in which we currently operate branches, and loan production offices, including Erie, Crawford, Champaign, Cuyahoga, Franklin, Huron, Logan, Madison, Montgomery, Ottawa, Richland, Henry, Wood and Summit Counties in Ohio, Dearborn and Ripley Counties in Indiana and Kenton County in Kentucky. Our lending is concentrated in these markets and our predominant sources of deposits are the communities in which our offices are located as well as the neighboring communities. 
 
 The banking business is highly competitive. We face substantial competition both in attracting deposits and in originating loans anf commercial equipment leasing. We compete with numerous financial institutions, including large regional financial institutions, community banks, thrifts and credit unions operating without our market area. Nontraditional sources of competition for loan and deposit dollars come from captive auto finance companies, mortgage banking companies, internet banks, brokerage companies, insurance companies, business leasing and finance companies and direct mutual funds. As a result of their size, resources and ability to achieve economies of scale, certain of our competitors offer a broader range of products and services than we offer, as well as higher lending limits, which may adversely affect the ability of Civista to compete. 
 5 
 
 Products and Services 
 
 We offer a broad range of deposit and loan products and other banking services. These include personal and commercial checking accounts, retirement accounts, money market accounts, time and savings accounts, safe deposit boxes, wire transfers, access to automated teller services, internet banking, ACH origination, telephone banking, and mobile/digital banking. Civista also offers remote deposit capture banking for both retail and business customers, providing the ability to electronically scan and transmit checks for deposit. 
 
 Time deposits consist of certificates of deposit, including those held in IRA accounts. Reciprocal deposits are offered through Civista s participation in the Certificate of Deposit Account Registry Service (CDARS) and Insured Cash Sweep (ICS) programs offered through Promontory Interfinancial Network, LLC. Customers who are Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation FDIC insurance sensitive are able to place large dollar deposits with Civista and Civista uses either outlet to place those funds into certificates of deposit or money markets issued by other banks in the Network. This occurs in increments of less than the FDIC insurance limits so that both the principal and interest are eligible for complete FDIC insurance coverage. The FDIC currently considers these funds as brokered deposits. 
 
 We offer commercial and personal loans on a secured and unsecured basis, revolving lines of credit, commercial mortgage loans, and residential mortgages on both primary and secondary residences, home equity loans, bridge loans and other personal purpose loans. However, we are not and have not historically been a participant in the sub-prime lending market. 
 
 Commercial loans are loans made for business purposes and are primarily secured by collateral such as cash balances with Civista, business assets including accounts receivable, inventory and equipment, and liens on commercial real estate. 
 
 Construction loans are loans to finance the construction of commercial or residential properties secured by first liens on such properties. Commercial real estate loans include loans secured by first liens on completed commercial properties, including multi-family properties, to purchase or refinance such properties. Residential mortgages include loans secured by first liens on residential real estate to purchase or refinance primary and secondary residences. Home equity loans and lines of credit include loans secured by first or second liens on residential real estate for primary or secondary residences. 
 
 Consumer loans are made to individuals who qualify for auto loans, cash reserve, and installment loans. Our consumer loan portfolio includes unsecured overdraft lines of credit and personal loans as well as loans secured by savings accounts and certificates of deposit on deposit with Civista. 
 
 Our portfolio lending activities include the origination of one- to four-family first mortgage loans, primarily in our designated market area. The fixed-rate residential mortgage loans that we originate for portfolio generally meet the secondary mortgage market standards. As a complement to our residential one- to four-family portfolio lending activities, we operate a mortgage banking platform which supports the origination of one- to four-family mortgage loans that generally meet the secondary mortgage market standards. Such loans are generally originated by and sourced from the same resources and markets as those loans originated and held in our portfolio. 
 
 Through our equipment leasing and financing business operated by VFG, which was acquired as a whooly-owned subsuduary of Civista in October 2022, we offer commercial equipment leasing services for businesses nationwide. 
 
 Through our Civista Wealth Management division we offer investment advisory services to individuals, families, businesses and non-profits with personalized investment management, 401(k) advisory services for employers, financial planning, and trust services. 
 
 Human Capital Resources 
 
 Our employees are vital to our success in the financial services industry. As a human-capital intensive business, the long-term success of our company depends on our people. Our goal is to ensure that we have the right talent, in the right place, at the right time. We do that through our commitment to attracting, developing and retaining our employees. 
 
 6 
 
 We strive to attract individuals who are people-focused and share our values. We have a comprehensive program dedicated to selecting new talent and enhancing the skills of our employees. In our recruiting efforts, we strive to have a diverse group of candidates to consider for our roles. To that end, we have strong relationships with a variety of industry associations that represent diverse professionals and partner with schools in the communities we serve to offer internship opportunities to students interested in the financial industry. 
 
 We have designed a compensation structure that we believe is attractive to our current and prospective employees. We also offer our employees the opportunity to participate in a variety of professional and leadership development programs. Our programs include a variety of industry, product, technical, professional, business development, leadership and regulatory topics. These programs are available online and in-person. In addition, we encourage all employees to be involved in the communities we serve through various volunteer activities. 
 
 We seek to retain our employees by using their feedback to create and continually enhance programs that support their needs. We use company-wide surveys to solicit feedback from our employees. We have a formal annual goal setting and performance review process for our employees. We promote a values-based culture, an important factor in retaining our employees. Our training, to share and communicate our culture to all employees, plays an important part in this process. We are committed to having a diverse workforce, and an inclusive work environment is a natural extension of our culture. We are committed to ensuring that all our employees feel welcomed, valued, respected and heard so that they can fully contribute their unique talents for the benefit of our customers, their careers, our company and our communities. We have recently established a Diversity, Equity and Inclusion Council DEI Council ). This company-wide diversity and inclusion advisory council stewards the Company s efforts and provides guidance on priorities. The DEI Council is composed of employees from all areas of our Company and locations where we operate. 
 
 We monitor and evaluate various turnover and attrition metrics throughout our organization. Our annualized voluntary turnover is relatively low, as is the case for turnover of our top performers, a record which we attribute to our strong values-based culture, commitment to career development, and attractive compensation and benefit programs. 
 
 Civista employs approximately 530 full-time equivalent employees to whom a variety of benefits are provided. CBI has no employees. CBI and its subsidiaries are not parties to any collective bargaining agreements. Management considers its relationship with its employees to be good. 
 Supervision and Regulation 
 CBI and its subsidiaries are subject to extensive supervision and regulation by federal and state agencies. The regulation of financial holding companies and their subsidiaries is intended primarily for the protection of consumers, depositors, borrowers, the Deposit Insurance Fund (the DIF and the banking system as a whole, and not for the protection of shareholders. Applicable laws and regulations restrict permissible activities and investments and require actions to protect loan, deposit, brokerage, fiduciary and other customers, as well as the DIF. These laws and regulations also may restrict the ability of CBI to pay dividends to its shareholders, to repurchase its common shares or to receive dividends from Civista, and impose capital adequacy and liquidity requirements. 
 The following is a summary of the regulatory agencies that supervise and regulate CBI and Civista and the statutes and regulations that have, or could have, a material impact on the Company s business. This discussion is qualified in its entirety by reference to such statutes and regulations. The statutes and regulations applicable to the Company are continually under review by the United States Congress and state legislatures and federal and state regulatory agencies, and a change in statutes, regulations or regulatory policies applicable to the Company could have a material effect on the Company s business. 
 
 The Bank Holding Company Act: As a financial holding company, CBI is subject to regulation under the Bank Holding Company Act of 1956, as amended (the BHCA ), and the examination and reporting requirements of the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System (the Federal Reserve Board ). Under the BHCA, CBI is subject to periodic examination by the Federal Reserve Board and is required to file periodic reports regarding its operations and any additional information that the Federal Reserve Board may require. The Federal Reserve Board also has extensive enforcement authority over financial and bank holding companies, including the ability to assess civil money penalties, issue cease and desist and removal orders, and require that a financial or bank holding company divest subsidiaries, including its subsidiary banks. 
 7 
 
 Under applicable law and Federal Reserve Board policy, a financial or bank holding company is expected to act as a source of strength to each of its subsidiary banks. The Federal Reserve Board may require a financial or bank holding company to contribute additional capital to an undercapitalized subsidiary bank and may disapprove of the payment of dividends to shareholders if the Federal Reserve Board believes the payment of such dividends would be an unsafe or unsound practice. 
 The BHCA generally limits the activities of a bank holding company to banking, managing or controlling banks, furnishing services to or performing services for its subsidiaries and engaging in any other activities that the Federal Reserve Board has determined to be so closely related to banking or to managing or controlling banks as to be a proper incident to those activities. In addition, the BHCA requires every bank holding company to obtain the approval of the Federal Reserve Board prior to acquiring all or substantially all of the assets of any bank or another financial or bank holding company, acquiring direct or indirect ownership or control of more than 5 of the voting shares of any bank not already majority-owned by it, or merging or consolidating with another financial or bank holding company. 
 In April 2020, the Federal Reserve Board adopted a final rule to revise its regulations related to determinations of whether a company has the ability to exercise a controlling influence over another company for purposes of the BHCA. The final rule expands and codifies the presumptions for use in such determinations. By codifying the presumptions, the final rule provides greater transparency on the types of relationships that the Federal Reserve Board generally views as supporting a facts-and-circumstances determination that one company controls another company. The Federal Reserve Board s final rule applies to questions of control under the BHCA, but does not extend to the Change in Bank Control Act. 
 Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act GLBA) : The GLBA permits qualifying bank holding companies to elect to become financial holding companies and thereby affiliate with securities firms and insurance companies and engage in other activities that are financial in nature if (i) the holding company is well capitalized and well managed and (ii) each of the holding company s subsidiary banks is well capitalized under the FDIC s Deposit Insurance Corporation Act of 1991 prompt corrective action provisions, is well managed, and has at least a satisfactory rating under the Community Reinvestment Act (the CRA ). In March, 2000, CBI became a financial holding company. No regulatory approval is required for a financial holding company to acquire a company, other than a bank or a savings association, engaged in activities that are financial in nature or incidental to activities that are financial in nature, as determined by the Federal Reserve Board. 
 The GLBA defines financial in nature to include: 
 securities underwriting, dealing and market making; 

sponsoring mutual funds and investment companies; 

insurance underwriting and agency; 

merchant banking; and 

activities that the Federal Reserve Board has determined to be closely related to banking. 

If a financial holding company or a subsidiary bank fails to maintain all requirements for the holding company to maintain financial holding company status, material restrictions may be placed on the activities of the financial holding company and its subsidiaries and on the ability of the holding company to enter into certain transactions and obtain regulatory approvals for new activities and transactions. The financial holding company could also be required to divest of subsidiaries that engage in activities that are not permitted for bank holding companies that are not financial holding companies. If restrictions are imposed on the activities of a financial holding company, the existence of such restrictions may not be made publicly available pursuant to confidentiality regulations of the bank regulatory agencies. 
 
 Transactions with Affiliates, Directors, Executive Officers and Shareholders: Transactions between Civista and its affiliates, including CBI, are subject to Sections 23A and 23B of the Federal Reserve Act, and Federal Reserve Board Regulation W, which generally limit the extent to which Civista may engage in covered transactions with affiliates and require that the terms of such transactions be the same, or at least as favorable, to Civista as the terms provided in a similar transaction between Civista and an unrelated party. The term covered transaction includes the making of loans to an affiliate, the purchase of assets from an affiliate, the issuance of a guarantee on behalf of an affiliate, the purchase of securities issued by an affiliate and other similar types of transactions. 
 8 
 
 A bank s authority to extend credit to executive officers, directors and greater than 10 shareholders, as well as entities such persons control, is subject to Sections 22(g) and 22(h) of the Federal Reserve Act and Regulation O promulgated thereunder by the Federal Reserve Board. Among other things, these loans must be made on terms (including interest rates charged and collateral required) substantially similar to those offered to unaffiliated individuals or be made as part of a benefit or compensation program and on terms widely available to employees, and must not involve a greater than normal risk of repayment. In addition, the amount of loans a bank may make to these affiliated persons is based, in part, on the bank s capital position, and specified approval procedures must be followed in making loans which exceed specified amounts. 
 Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation FDIC ): The FDIC is an independent federal agency which insures the deposits of federally-insured banks and savings associations up to certain prescribed limits and safeguards the safety and soundness of financial institutions. The general insurance limit is 250,000 per separately insured depositor. This insurance is backed by the full faith and credit of the United States Government. 
 As insurer, the FDIC is authorized to conduct examinations of and to require reporting by insured institutions, including Civista, to prohibit any insured institution from engaging in any activity the FDIC determines to pose a threat to the DIF, and to take enforcement actions against insured institutions. The FDIC may terminate insurance of deposits of any institution if the FDIC finds that the institution has engaged in unsafe and unsound practices, is in an unsafe or unsound condition or has violated any applicable law, regulation, rule, order or condition imposed by the FDIC or other regulatory agency. 
 The FDIC assesses a quarterly deposit insurance premium on each insured institution based on risk characteristics of the insured institution to the DIF, with institutions deemed less risky paying lower rates. Currently, assessments for institutions with less than 10 billion of total assets are based on financial measures and supervisory ratings derived from statistical models that estimate the probability of failure within three years. The FDIC may increase or decrease the range of assessments uniformly, except that no adjustments can deviate more than two basis points from the base assessment without notice and comment rule making. The FDIC may also impose special assessments in emergency situations. The premiums fund the DIF. Pursuant to the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act of 2010 (the Dodd-Frank Act ), the FDIC has established 2.0 as the designated reserve ratio DRR ), which is the amount in the DIF as a percentage of all DIF insured deposits. In March 2016, the FDIC adopted final rules designed to meet the statutory minimum DRR of 1.35 by September 30, 2020, the deadline imposed by the Dodd-Frank Act. The Dodd-Frank Act requires the FDIC to offset the effect on insured institutions with assets of less than 10 billion of the increase in the statutory minimum DRR to 1.35 from the former statutory minimum of 1.15 . Although the FDIC's rules reduced assessment rates on all banks, they imposed a surcharge on banks with assets of 10 billion or more to be paid until the DRR reached 1.35 . The DRR met the statutory minimum of 1.35 on September 30, 2018. As a result, the previous surcharge imposed on banks with assets of 10 billion or more was lifted. In addition, preliminary assessment credits have been determined by the FDIC for banks with assets of less than 10 billion, which had previously contributed to the increase of the DRR to 1.35 . On June 30, 2019, the DRR reached 1.40 , and the FDIC applied credits for banks with assets of less than 10 billion small bank credits beginning September 30, 2019. As of June 30, 2020, the DRR fell below the minimum DRR to 1.30 . As a result, the FDIC adopted a restoration plan requiring the restoration of the DRR to 1.35 within eight years (September 30, 2028). The FDIC rules further changed the method of determining risk-based assessment rates for established banks with less than 10 billion in assets to better ensure that banks taking on greater risks pay more for deposit insurance than banks that take on less risk. As of September 30, 2022, the DRR was 1.26 . Because the DRR remained below the statutory minimum, the FDIC adopted a final rule in October 2022 increasing the assessment rate from three basis points to five basis points beginning with the first quarterly assessment period of 2023. 
 The FDIC is authorized to prohibit any insured institution from engaging in any activity that poses a serious threat to the insurance fund and may initiate enforcement actions against a bank, after first giving the institution s primary regulatory authority an opportunity to take such action. The FDIC may also terminate the deposit insurance of any institution that has engaged in or is engaging in unsafe or unsound practices, is in an unsafe or unsound condition to continue operations or has violated any applicable law, order or condition imposed by the FDIC. 
 
 9 
 
 COVID-19 Legislation and Initiatives : In response to the novel COVID-19 pandemic COVID-19 ), the Coronavirus Aid, Relief, and Economic Security Act of 2020, as amended (the CARES Act ), was signed into law on March 27, 2020, to provide national emergency economic relief measures. Many of the CARES Act s programs are dependent upon the direct involvement of U.S. financial institutions, such as CBI and Civista, and have been implemented through rules and guidance adopted by federal departments and agencies, including the U.S. Department of Treasury, the Federal Reserve Board and other federal banking agencies, including those with direct supervisory jurisdiction over CBI and Civista. Furthermore, as COVID-19 evolves, federal regulatory authorities continue to issue additional guidance with respect to the implementation, lifecycle, and eligibility requirements for the various CARES Act programs as well as industry-specific recovery procedures for COVID-19. In addition, it is possible that Congress will enact supplementary COVID-19 response legislation, including amendments to the CARES Act or new bills comparable in scope to the CARES Act. For example, on December 27, 2020, the Consolidated Appropriations Act, 2021 (the CAA was signed into law, which, among other things, allowed certain banks to temporarily postpone implementation of the current expected credit loss model (accounting standard), which is described below. The Company is continuing to assess the impact of the CARES Act and other statues, regulations and supervisory guidance related to COVID-19. 
 The CARES Act amended the loan program of the Small Business Administration (the SBA ), in which Civista participates, to create a guaranteed, unsecured loan program, the Paycheck Protection Program (the PPP ), to fund operational costs of eligible businesses, organizations and self-employed persons during COVID-19. These loans are eligible to be forgiven if certain conditions are satisfied and are fully guaranteed by the SBA. In June 2020, the Paycheck Protection Program Flexibility Act was enacted, which, among other things, gave borrowers additional time and flexibility to use PPP loan proceeds. After previously being extended by Congress, the application deadline for PPP loans expired on May 31, 2021. No collateral or personal guarantees were required for PPP loans. In addition, neither the government nor lenders have been permitted to charge the recipients of PPP loans any fees. On December 27, 2020, the President signed into the CAA, which included the Economic Aid to Hard-Hit Small Businesses, Nonprofits, and Venues Act (the HHSB Act ). Among other things, the HHSB Act renewed the PPP, allocating 284.45 billion for both new first-time PPP loans under the existing PPP and the expansion of existing PPP loans for certain qualified, existing PPP borrowers. In addition to extending and amending the PPP, the HHSB Act also creates a new grant program for shuttered venue operators . As a participating lender in the PPP, Civista continues to monitor legislative, regulatory, and supervisory developments related thereto. 
 On September 29, 2020, the federal bank regulatory agencies issued a final rule that neutralizes the regulatory capital and liquidity coverage ratio effects of participating in certain COVID-19 liquidity facilities due to the fact there is no credit or market risk in association with exposures pledged to such facilities. As a result, the final rule supports the flow of credit to households and businesses affected by COVID-19. 
 On December 2, 2020, the federal bank regulatory agencies issued an interim final rule that provides temporary relief for specified community banking organizations related to certain regulations and reporting requirements as a result, in large part, of their growth in size from the response to COVID-19. Community banking organizations are subject to different rules and requirements based on their risk profile and asset size. Due to their involvement in federal COVID-19 response programs (such as the PPP) and other lending that supports the U.S. economy, many community banking organizations experienced rapid and unexpected increases in their sizes, which were generally expected to be temporary. The temporary increase in size could have subjected community banking organizations to new regulations or reporting requirements. However, community banking organizations with assets approaching the 10.0 billion asset threshold and that would otherwise have become subject to additional regulatory requirements upon crossing such threshold, including requirements related to capital adequacy standards, debit card interchange fees and routing, and management official interlocks, had until January 1, 2022 to either reduce their size or to prepare for the new regulatory and reporting standards. 
 Consumer Financial Protection Bureau: The Dodd-Frank Act established the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau (the CFPB ), which regulates consumer financial products and services and certain financial services providers. The CFPB is authorized to prevent unfair, deceptive and abusive acts or practices and seeks to ensure consistent enforcement of laws so that consumers have access to fair, transparent and competitive markets for consumer financial products and services. Since it was established the CFPB has exercised extensive rulemaking and interpretive authority. 
 
 10 
 
 Consumer Protection Laws and Regulations: Banks are subject to regular examination to ensure compliance with federal consumer protection statutes and regulations, including, but not limited to, the following: 
 The Equal Credit Opportunity Act (prohibiting discrimination in any credit transaction on the basis of any of various criteria); 

The Truth in Lending Act (requiring that credit terms are disclosed in a manner that permits a consumer to understand and compare credit terms more readily and knowledgeably); 

The Fair Housing Act (making it unlawful for a lender to discriminate in its housing-related lending activities against any person on the basis of certain criteria); 

The Home Mortgage Disclosure Act (requiring financial institutions to collect data that enables regulatory agencies to determine whether financial institutions are serving the housing credit needs of the communities in which they are located); and 

The Real Estate Settlement Procedures Act (requiring that lenders provide borrowers with disclosures regarding the nature and cost of real estate settlements and prohibits abusive practices that increase borrowers costs). 

The banking regulators also use their authority under the Federal Trade Commission Act to take supervisory or enforcement action with respect to unfair or deceptive acts or practices by banks that may not necessarily fall within the scope of a specific banking or consumer finance law. 
 
 Community Reinvestment Act: The CRA requires depository institutions to assist in meeting the credit needs of their market areas, including low- and moderate-income areas, consistent with safe and sound banking practice. Under this Act, each institution is required to adopt a statement for each of its market areas describing the depository institution s efforts to assist in its community s credit needs. Depository institutions are periodically examined for compliance and assigned one of four ratings: outstanding, satisfactory, needs improvement, or substantial noncompliance. The rating assigned to a financial institution is considered in connection with various applications submitted by a financial institution or its holding company to its banking regulators, including applications to acquire another financial institution or to open a new branch office. In addition, all subsidiary banks of a financial holding company must maintain a satisfactory or outstanding rating in order for the financial holding company to avoid limitations on its activities. Civista received a rating of satisfactory in its most recent CRA examination. 
 
 Economic Growth, Regulatory Relief and Consumer Protection Act : On May 25, 2018, the Economic Growth, Regulatory Relief and Consumer Protection Act (the Regulatory Relief Act was enacted, which repealed or modified certain provisions of the Dodd-Frank Act and eased restrictions on all but the largest banks (those with consolidated assets in excess of 250 billion). Bank holding companies with consolidated assets of less than 100 billion, including CBI, are no longer subject to enhanced prudential standards. The Regulatory Relief Act also relieves bank holding companies and banks with consolidated assets of less than 100 billion, including CBI and Civista, from certain record-keeping, reporting and disclosure requirements. Certain other regulatory requirements applied only to banks with consolidated assets in excess of 50 billion and so did not apply to CBI or Civista even before the enactment of the Regulatory Relief Act. 
 Patriot Act and Anti-Money Laundering: The Uniting and Strengthening of America by Providing Appropriate Tools Required to Intercept and Obstruct Terrorism Act of 2001 (the Patriot Act gives the United States government powers to address terrorist threats through enhanced domestic security measures, expanded surveillance powers, increased information sharing and broadened anti-money laundering requirements. Title III of the Patriot Act encourages information sharing among bank regulatory agencies and law enforcement bodies. Further, certain provisions of Title III impose affirmative obligations on a broad range of financial institutions. Among other requirements, Title III and related regulations require regulated financial institutions to establish a program specifying procedures for obtaining identifying information from customers seeking to open new accounts and establish enhanced due diligence policies, procedures and controls designed to detect and report suspicious activity. Civista has established policies and procedures that Civista believes comply with the requirements of the Patriot Act. 
 11 
 
 The Anti-Money Laundering Act of 2020 (the AMLA ), which amends the Bank Secrecy Act of 1970 (the BSA ), was enacted in January 2021. The AMLA is intended to be a comprehensive reform and modernization to U.S. bank secrecy and anti-money laundering laws. Among other things, it codifies a risk-based approach to anti-money laundering compliance for financial institutions; requires the development of standards for evaluating technology and internal processes for BSA compliance; expands enforcement-related and investigation-related authority, including increasing available sanctions for certain BSA violations and instituting BSA whistleblower initiatives and protections. 
 Office of Foreign Assets Control Regulation . The U.S. Treasury Department s Office of Foreign Assets Control OFAC administers and enforces economic and trade sanctions against targeted foreign countries and regimes, under authority of various laws, including designated foreign countries, nationals and others. OFAC publishes lists of specially designated targets and countries. Civista is responsible for, among other things, blocking accounts of, and transactions with, such targets and countries, prohibiting unlicensed trade and financial transactions with them and reporting blocked transactions after their occurrence. Failure to comply with these sanctions could have serious financial, legal and reputational consequences, including causing applicable bank regulatory authorities not to approve merger or acquisition transactions when regulatory approval is required or to prohibit such transactions even if approval is not required. Regulatory authorities have imposed cease and desist orders and civil money penalties against institutions found to be violating these obligations. 
 Securities and Exchange Commission SEC and The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC Nasdaq ): CBI is also under the jurisdiction of the SEC and certain state securities commissions for matters relating to the offering and sale of its securities. CBI is subject to the registration, disclosure, reporting and regulatory requirements of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act ), the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ), and the regulations promulgated under each of the Securities Act and the Exchange Act, as administered by the SEC. CBI s common shares are listed with Nasdaq under the symbol CIVB and CBI is subject to the rules for Nasdaq listed companies. 
 Corporate Governance: As mandated by the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, the SEC has adopted rules and regulations governing, among other matters, corporate governance, auditing and accounting, executive compensation and enhanced and timely disclosure of corporate information. Nasdaq has also adopted corporate governance rules. The Board of Directors of the Company has taken a series of actions to strengthen and improve the Company s governance practices in light of the rules of the SEC and Nasdaq. The Board of Directors has adopted charters for the Audit Committee, the Compensation Committee and the Nominating Committee, as well as a Code of Conduct (Ethics) applicable to all directors, officers and employees of the Company. Copies of the Code of Conduct and the Audit, Compensation, and Nominating Committee charters can be found on the Company s website at www.civb.com by first clicking Corporate Overview and then Governance Documents . In addition, in accordance with Section 302(a) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, written certifications by CBI s Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer are required. These certifications attest that CBI s quarterly and annual reports filed with the SEC do not contain any untrue statement of a material fact. See Item 9A Controls and Procedures in Part II of this Form 10-K for CBI s evaluation of its disclosure controls and procedures. 
 Regulation of Bank Subsidiary: As an Ohio chartered bank, Civista is subject to supervision and regulation by the State of Ohio Department of Commerce, Division of Financial Institutions (the ODFI ). In addition, Civista is a member of the Federal Reserve System and, therefore, is subject to supervision and regulation by the Federal Reserve Board. Civista is subject to periodic examinations by both ODFI and the Federal Reserve Board. These examinations are designed primarily for the protection of the depositors of the bank and not shareholders. 
 Banking subsidiaries of financial and bank holding companies are also subject to federal regulation regarding such matters as reserves, limitations on the nature and amount of loans and investments, issuance or retirement of its own securities, limitations on the payment of dividends and other aspects of banking operations. 
 Regulatory Capital Requirements: The Federal Reserve Board has adopted risk-based guidelines for financial holding companies and other bank holding companies as well as state member banks, and the FDIC has adopted risk-based capital guidelines for state non-member banks. The guidelines provide a systematic analytical framework which makes regulatory capital requirements sensitive to differences in risk profiles among banking organizations, takes off-balance sheet exposures expressly into account in evaluating capital adequacy, and minimizes disincentives to holding liquid, low-risk assets. Capital levels as measured by these standards are also used to categorize financial institutions for purposes of certain prompt corrective action regulatory provisions. 
 12 
 
 In July 2013, the United States banking regulators issued new capital rules applicable to smaller banking organizations which also implement certain of the provisions of the Dodd-Frank Act (the Basel III Capital Rules ). Community banking organizations, including CBI and Civista, began transitioning to the new rules on January 1, 2015. The new minimum capital requirements became effective on January 1, 2015, whereas a new capital conservation buffer and deductions from common equity capital phased in from January 1, 2016 through January 1, 2019, and most deductions from common equity tier 1 capital phased in from January 1, 2015 through January 1, 2019. 
 The Basel III Capital Rules include (a) a minimum common equity tier 1 capital ratio of 4.5 , (b) a minimum Tier 1 capital ratio of 6.0 , (c) a minimum total capital ratio of 8.0 , and (d) a minimum leverage ratio of 4.0 . 
 Common equity for the common equity tier 1 capital ratio generally includes common stock (plus related surplus), retained earnings, accumulated other comprehensive income (unless an institution elects to exclude such income from regulatory capital), and limited amounts of minority interests in the form of common stock, subject to applicable regulatory adjustments and deductions. 
 Tier 1 capital generally includes common equity as defined for the common equity tier 1 capital ratio, plus certain non-cumulative preferred stock and related surplus, cumulative preferred stock and related surplus, trust preferred securities that have been grandfathered (but which are not permitted going forward), and limited amounts of minority interests in the form of additional Tier 1 capital instruments, less certain deductions. 
 Tier 2 capital, which can be included in the total capital ratio, generally consists of other preferred stock and subordinated debt meeting certain conditions plus limited amounts of the allowance for loan and lease losses, subject to specified eligibility criteria, less applicable deductions. 
 The deductions from common equity tier 1 capital include goodwill and other intangibles, certain deferred tax assets, mortgage-servicing assets above certain levels, gains on sale in connection with a securitization, investments in a banking organization s own capital instruments and investments in the capital of unconsolidated financial institutions (above certain levels). 
 Under the guidelines, capital is compared to the relative risk related to the balance sheet. To derive the risk included in the balance sheet, one of several risk weights is applied to different balance sheet and off-balance sheet assets, primarily based on the relative credit risk of the counterparty. The capital amounts and classification are also subject to qualitative judgments by the regulators about components, risk weightings and other factors. 
 The Basel III Capital Rules also place restrictions on the payment of capital distributions, including dividends, and certain discretionary bonus payments to executive officers if the banking organization does not hold a capital conservation buffer of greater than 2.5 percent composed of common equity tier 1 capital above its minimum risk-based capital requirements, or if its eligible retained income is negative in that quarter and its capital conservation buffer ratio was less than 2.5 percent at the beginning of the quarter. 
 In September 2019, the Federal Reserve Board, along with other federal bank regulatory agencies, issued a final rule, effective January 1, 2020, that gave community banks, including the Company, the option to calculate a simple leverage ratio to measure capital adequacy if the community banks met certain requirements. Under the rule, a community bank is eligible to elect the Community Bank Leverage Ratio CBLR framework if it had less than 10 billion in total consolidated assets, limited amounts of certain assets and off-balance sheet exposures, and a leverage ratio greater than 9.0 . Qualifying institutions that elected to use the CBLR framework (each, a CBLR Bank and that maintain a leverage ratio of greater than 9.0 will be considered to have satisfied the risk-based and leverage capital requirements in the regulatory agencies' generally applicable capital rules and to have met the well-capitalized ratio requirements. No CBLR Bank was required to calculate or report risk-based capital, and each CBLR Bank could opt out of the framework at any time, without restriction, by reverting to the generally applicable risk-based capital rule. Pursuant to the CARES Act, on August 26, 2020, the federal banking agencies adopted a final rule that temporarily lowered the CBLR threshold and provided a gradual transition back to the prior level. Specifically, the CBLR threshold was reduced to 8.0 for the remainder of 2020, increased to 8.5 for 2021, and returned to 9.0 on January 1, 2022. This final rule became effective on October 1, 2020. The Company did not utilize the CBLR in assessing capital adequacy and, instead, continued to follow existing capital rules. 
 13 
 
 In December 2018, the federal banking agencies issued a final rule to address regulatory capital treatment of credit loss allowances under the current expected credit loss CECL model (accounting standard). The rule revises the federal banking agencies regulatory capital rules to identify which credit loss allowances under the CECL model are eligible for inclusion in regulatory capital and to provide banking organizations the option to phase in over three years the day-one adverse effects on regulatory capital that may result from the adoption of the CECL model. The Company currently anticipates recording a one-time cumulative effect adjustment upon adoption in the first quarter of 2023, and does not anticipate utilizing the three year phase in. The Company expects to maintain risk-based capital ratios in excess of well-capitalized after the impact of the one-time cumulative effect adjustment. 
 At December 31, 2022, both CBI and Civista were in compliance with all of the regulatory capital requirements to which they are subject. For CBI s and Civista s capital ratios, see Note 19 to the Company s 2022 Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 
 The Federal Reserve Board has adopted regulations governing prompt corrective action to resolve the problems of capital deficient and otherwise troubled state-chartered member banks. At each successively lower defined capital category, a bank is subject to more restrictive and numerous mandatory or discretionary regulatory actions or limits, and the Federal Reserve Board has less flexibility in determining how to resolve the problems of the institution. In addition, the Federal Reserve Board generally can downgrade a bank s capital category, notwithstanding its capital level, if, after notice and opportunity for hearings, the bank is deemed to be engaged in an unsafe or unsound practice, because it has not corrected deficiencies that resulted in it receiving a less than satisfactory examination rating on matters other than capital or it is deemed to be in an unsafe or unsound condition. Civista s capital at December 31, 2022, met the standards for the highest capital category, a well-capitalized bank. 
 Federal Reserve Board regulations also limit the payment of dividends by Civista to CBI. Civista may not pay a dividend if it would cause Civista not to meet its capital requirements. In addition, the dividends that Civista may pay to CBI without prior approval of the Federal Reserve Board is limited to net income for the year plus its retained net income for the preceding two years. 
 
 Volcker Rule 
 In December 2013, five federal agencies adopted a final regulation implementing the Volcker Rule provision of the Dodd-Frank Act (the Volcker Rule ). The Volcker Rule places limits on the trading activity of insured depository institutions and entities affiliated with a depository institution, subject to certain exceptions. The trading activity includes a purchase or sale as principal of a security, derivative, commodity future or option on any such instruments in order to benefit from short-term price movements or to realize short-term profits. The Volcker Rule exempted specified U.S. Government, agency and/or municipal obligations, and it excepts trading conducted in certain capacities, including as a broker or other agent, through a deferred compensation or pension plan, as a fiduciary on behalf of customers, to satisfy a debt previously contracted, repurchase and securities lending agreements and risk-mitigating hedging activities. 
 The Volcker Rule also prohibits a banking entity from having an ownership interest in, or substantial relationships with, a hedge fund or private equity fund, also known as covered funds, with a number of exceptions. To the extent that Civista engages in any of the trading activities or has any ownership interest in or relationship with any of the types of funds regulated by the Volcker Rule, Civista believes that its activities and relationships fall within the scope of one or more of the exceptions provided in the Volcker Rule. 
 In July 2019, the five federal bank regulatory agencies that adopted the Volcker Rule adopted a final rule to exempt certain community banks, including Civista, from the Volcker Rule, consistent with the Regulatory Relief Act. Under the final rule, community banks with 10 billion or less in total consolidated assets and total trading assets and liabilities of 5.0 or less of total consolidated assets were excluded from the restrictions of the Volcker Rule. On June 25, 2020, the federal bank regulatory agencies also finalized a rule modifying the Volcker Rule s prohibition on banking entities investing in or sponsoring covered funds. Such rule permits certain banking entities to offer financial services and engage in other activities that do not raise concerns that the Volcker Rule was originally intended to address. 
 Non-Banking Subsidiaries . The Company s non-banking subsidiaries are also subject to regulation by the Federal Reserve Board and other applicable federal and state agencies. FCIA, as a licensed insurance agency, is subject to regulation by the Ohio Department of Insurance and the state insurance regulatory agencies of those states where it conducts business. CRMI, as a Delaware-chartered captive insurance company, is subject to the laws and regulations of the State of Delaware and undergoes periodic examinations by the Delaware Division of Insurance. 
 14 
 
 Executive and Incentive Compensation 
 The Dodd-Frank Act requires that the federal banking agencies, including the Federal Reserve Board and the FDIC, issue a rule related to incentive-based compensation. No final rule implementing this provision of the Dodd-Frank Act has, as of the date of the filing of this Annual Report on Form 10-K, been adopted, but a proposed rule was published in 2016 that expanded upon a prior proposed rule published in 2011. The proposed rule is intended to: (i) prohibit incentive-based payment arrangements that the banking agencies determine could encourage certain financial institutions to take inappropriate risks by providing excessive compensation or that could lead to material financial loss; (ii) require the board of directors of those financial institutions to take certain oversight actions related to incentive-based compensation; and (iii) require those financial institutions to disclose information concerning incentive-based compensation arrangements to the appropriate federal regulator. Although a final rule has not been issued, the Company has undertaken efforts to ensure that the Company s incentive compensation plans do not encourage inappropriate risks, consistent with the principles identified above. 
 
 In June 2010, the Federal Reserve Board, the OCC and the FDIC issued comprehensive final guidance on incentive compensation policies intended to ensure that the incentive compensation policies of banking organizations do not undermine the safety and soundness of such organizations by encouraging excessive risk-taking. The guidance, which covers all employees that have the ability to materially affect the risk profile of an organization, either individually or as part of a group, is based upon the key principles that a banking organization's incentive compensation arrangements should (i) provide incentives that do not encourage risk-taking beyond the organization's ability to effectively identify and manage risks, (ii) be compatible with effective internal controls and risk management and (iii) be supported by strong corporate governance, including active and effective oversight by the organization's board of directors. These three principles are incorporated into the proposed joint compensation regulations under the Dodd-Frank Act, described above. 
 The Federal Reserve Board and the OCC review, as part of their respective regular, risk-focused examination process, the incentive compensation arrangements of banking organizations, such as CBI and Civista, that are not large, complex banking organizations. These reviews are tailored to each organization based on the scope and complexity of the organization's activities and the prevalence of incentive compensation arrangements. Deficiencies will be incorporated into the organization's supervisory ratings, which can affect the organization's ability to make acquisitions and take other actions. Enforcement actions may be taken against a banking organization if its incentive compensation arrangements, or related risk-management control or governance processes, pose a risk to the organization's safety and soundness and the organization is not taking prompt and effective measures to correct the deficiencies. 
 Public company compensation committee members must meet heightened independence requirements and consider the independence of compensation consultants, legal counsel and other advisors to the compensation committee. A compensation committee must have the authority to hire advisors and to have the public company fund reasonable compensation of such advisors. 
 Public companies will be required, once stock exchanges impose additional listing requirements under the Dodd-Frank Act and rules adopted by the SEC in October 2022, to adopt and implement clawback policies for incentive compensation payments and to disclose the details of the procedures which allow recovery of incentive compensation that was paid on the basis of erroneous financial information necessitating a restatement due to material noncompliance with financial reporting requirements. This clawback policy is intended to apply to compensation paid within the three completed fiscal years immediately preceding the date the issuer is required to prepare a restatement and would cover all executives who received incentive awards. The Company has implemented a clawback policy and it is posted under the Corporate Overview tab on the Governance Documents page of CBI s Internet website. 
 SEC regulations require public companies such as CBI to provide various disclosures about executive compensation in annual reports and proxy statements and to present to their shareholders a non-binding vote on the approval of executive compensation. 
 Financial Privacy Provisions: Federal and state regulations limit the ability of banks and other financial institutions to disclose non-public information about consumers to non-affiliated third parties. These limitations require disclosure of privacy policies to consumers and, in some circumstances, allow consumers to prevent disclosure of certain personal information to a non-affiliated third party. These regulations affect how consumer information is transmitted through diversified financial companies and conveyed to outside vendors. 
 15 
 
 Civista is also subject to regulatory guidelines establishing standards for safeguarding customer information. These guidelines describe the federal bank regulatory agencies' expectations for the creation, implementation and maintenance of an information security program, which would include administrative, technical and physical safeguards appropriate to the size and complexity of the institution and the nature and scope of its activities. The standards set forth in the guidelines are intended to ensure the security and confidentiality of customer records and information, protect against any anticipated threats or hazards to the security or integrity of such records and protect against unauthorized access to or use of such records or information that could result in substantial harm or inconvenience to any customer. 
 Cybersecurity 
 In March 2015, federal regulators issued two related statements regarding cybersecurity. One statement indicates that financial institutions should design multiple layers of security controls to establish several lines of defense and to ensure that their risk management processes also address the risk posed by compromised customer credentials, including security measures to reliably authenticate customers accessing Internet-based services of the financial institution. The other statement indicates that a financial institution s management is expected to maintain sufficient business continuity planning processes to ensure the rapid recovery, resumption and maintenance of the financial institution s operations after a cyber-attack involving destructive malware. A financial institution is also expected to develop appropriate processes to enable recovery of data and business operations and address rebuilding network capabilities and restoring data if the financial institution or its critical service providers fall victim to this type of cyber-attack. If Civista fails to observe the regulatory guidance, it could be subject to various regulatory sanctions, including financial penalties. 
 In February 2018, the SEC published interpretive guidance to assist public companies in preparing disclosures about cybersecurity risks and incidents. These SEC guidelines, and any other regulatory guidance, are in addition to notification and disclosure requirements under state and federal banking law and regulations. 
 In November 2021, the OCC, the Federal Reserve Board and the FDIC issued a final rule which became effective in May 2022, requiring banking organizations that experience a computer-security incident to notify certain entities. A computer-security incident occurs when actual or potential harm to the confidentiality, integrity, or availability of an information system or the information occurs, or there is a violation or imminent threat of a violation to banking security policies and procedures. The affected bank must notify its respective federal regulator of the computer-security incident that rises to the level of a notification incident has occurred. These notifications are intended to promote early awareness of threats to banking organizations and will help banks react to those threats before they manifest into larger incidents. This rule also requires bank service providers to notify their bank organization customers of a computer-security incident that has caused, or is reasonably likely to cause, a material service disruption or degradation for four or more hours. 
 
 Furthermore, the Cyber Incident Reporting for Critical Infrastructure Act, enacted in March 2022, will require, once administrative rules are adopted, certain covered entities, including those in the financial services industry, to report a covered cyber incident to the U.S. Department of Homeland Security s Cybersecurity Infrastructure Security Agency CISA within 72 hours after it reasonably believes an incident has occurred. Separate reporting to CISA will also be required within 24 hours if a ransom payment is made as a result of a ransomware attack. 
 State regulators have also been increasingly active in implementing privacy and cybersecurity standards and regulations. Recently, several states have adopted regulations requiring certain financial institutions to implement cybersecurity programs and providing detailed requirements with respect to these programs, including data encryption requirements. Many states have also recently implemented or modified their data breach notification and data privacy requirements. The Company expects this trend of state-level activity in those areas to continue, and is continually monitoring developments in the states in which our customers are located. 
 In the ordinary course of business, the Company relies on electronic communications and information systems to conduct its operations and to store sensitive data. The Company employs an in-depth, layered, defensive approach that leverages people, processes and technology to manage and maintain cybersecurity controls. The Company employs a variety of preventative and detective tools to monitor, block, and provide alerts regarding suspicious activity, as well as to report on any suspected advanced persistent threats. Notwithstanding the strength of the Company s defensive measures, the threat from cyber-attacks is severe, attacks are sophisticated and increasing in volume, and attackers respond rapidly to changes in defensive measures. While to date, the Company has not detected a significant compromise, significant data loss or any material financial losses related to cybersecurity attacks, the Company s systems and those of its customers and third-party service providers are under constant threat and it is possible that the Company could experience a significant event in the future. Risks and exposures related to cybersecurity attacks are expected to remain high for the foreseeable future due to the rapidly evolving nature and sophistication of these threats, as well as due to the expanding use of Internet banking, mobile banking and other technology-based products and services by us and our customers. 
 16 
 
 Effect of Environmental Regulation 
 Compliance with federal, state and local provisions regulating the discharge of materials into the environment, or otherwise relating to the protection of the environment, has not had a material effect upon the capital expenditures, earnings or competitive position of the Company. In the opinion of management, the Company does not have exposure to material costs associated with compliance with environmental laws and regulations or material expenditures related to environmental hazardous waste mitigation or cleanup. 
 The Company believes its primary exposure to environmental risk is through the lending activities of Civista. In cases where management believes environmental risk potentially exists, Civista mitigates its environmental risk exposure by requiring environmental site assessments at the time of loan origination to confirm collateral quality as to commercial real estate parcels posing higher than normal potential for environmental impact, as determined by reference to present and past uses of the subject property and adjacent sites. In addition, environmental assessments are typically required prior to any foreclosure activity involving non-residential real estate collateral. 
 Effects of Government Monetary Policy 
 The earnings of the Company are affected by general and local economic conditions and by the policies of various governmental regulatory authorities. In particular, the Federal Reserve Board regulates money and credit conditions and interest rates to influence general economic conditions, primarily through open market acquisitions or dispositions of United States Government securities, varying the discount rate on member bank borrowings and setting reserve requirements against member and nonmember bank deposits. Federal Reserve Board monetary policies have had a significant effect on the interest income and interest expense of commercial banks, including Civista, and are expected to continue to do so in the future. 
 
 Available Information 
 CBI maintains an Internet website at www.civb.com (this uniform resource locator, or URL, is an inactive textual reference only and is not intended to incorporate CBI s website into this Annual Report on Form 10-K). CBI makes available free of charge on or through its Internet website its annual reports on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, current reports on Form 8-K and amendments to those reports filed or furnished pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Exchange Act, as well as CBI s definitive proxy statements filed pursuant to Section 14 of the Exchange Act, as soon as reasonably practicable after CBI electronically files such material with, or furnishes it to, the SEC. 
 17 
 
 Item 1A. Ri sk Factors 
 FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 
 This Annual Report on Form 10-K may contain forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act ), and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ), relating to such matters as financial condition, anticipated operating results, cash flows, business line results, credit quality expectations, prospects for new lines of business, economic trends (including interest rates) and similar matters. Forward-looking statements reflect our expectations, estimates or projections concerning future results or events. These statements are generally identified by the use of forward-looking words or phrases such as believe, belief, expect, anticipate, may, could, intend, intent, estimate, plan, foresee, likely, will, should or other similar words or phrases. Forward-looking statements are not guarantees of performance and are inherently subject to known and unknown risks, uncertainties and assumptions that are difficult to predict and could cause our actual results, performance or achievements to differ materially from those expressed in or implied by the forward-looking statements. 
 The Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 provides a safe harbor for forward-looking statements, and the purpose of this section is to secure the use of the safe harbor provisions. 
 Forward-looking statements involve risks and uncertainties. Actual results may differ materially from those predicted by the forward-looking statements because of various factors and possible events, including those factors and events identified in the risk factors set forth below. There is also the risk that the Company s management or Board of Directors incorrectly analyzes these risks and uncertainties or that the strategies the Company develops to address them are unsuccessful. The forward-looking statements included in this report are only made as of the date of this report, and we disclaim any obligation to publicly update any forward-looking statement to reflect subsequent events or circumstances, except as required by law. All subsequent written and oral forward-looking statements attributable to the Company or any person acting on the Company s behalf are qualified in their entirety by the following cautionary statements. 
 
 RISK FACTORS 
 
 The following sets forth certain risk factors that we are believe are relevant to the Company and its business. These risk factors are not presented in any particular order and do not constitute all of the risks that may affect our business. Additional risks that are not presently known or that we currently deem to be immaterial could also have a material adverse impact on our business, financial condition, or results of operations. 
 ECONOMIC AND POLITICAL RISKS 
 CHANGES IN ECONOMIC AND POLITICAL CONDITIONS COULD ADVERSELY AFFECT OUR EARNINGS THROUGH DECLINES IN DEPOSITS, LOAN DEMAND, THE ABILITY OF OUR CUSTOMERS TO REPAY LOANS AND THE VALUE OF THE COLLATERAL SECURING OUR LOANS. 
 Our success depends to a significant extent upon local and national economic and political conditions, as well as governmental fiscal and monetary policies. Conditions such as inflation, recession, unemployment, changes in interest rates, fiscal and monetary policy, an increasing federal government budget deficit, the failure of the federal government to raise the federal debt ceiling and/or possible future U.S. government shutdowns over budget disagreements, slowing gross domestic product, tariffs, a U.S. withdrawal from or significant renegotiation of trade agreements, trade wars, and other factors beyond our control may adversely affect Civista s deposit levels and composition, the quality of investment securities available for purchase, demand for loans, the ability of Civista s borrowers to repay their loans, and the value of the collateral securing loans made by Civista. Disruptions in U.S. and global financial markets, and changes in oil production in the Middle East also affect the economy and stock prices in the U.S., which can affect our earnings capital, as well as the ability of Civista s customers to repay loans. Because we have a significant amount of real estate loans, decreases in real estate values could adversely affect the value of property used as collateral and our ability to sell the collateral upon foreclosure. Adverse changes in the economy may also have a negative effect on the ability of our borrowers to make timely repayments of their loans, which would have an adverse impact on our earnings and cash flows. 
 
 18 
 
 ADVERSE CHANGES IN THE REAL ESTATE MARKET COULD CAUSE INCREASES IN DELINQUENCIES AND NON-PERFORMING ASSETS, INCLUDING ADDITIONAL LOAN CHARGE-OFFS, AND COULD DEPRESS OUR INCOME, EARNINGS AND CAPITAL. 
 At December 31, 2022, approximately 21.7 and 54.6 , respectively, of our loan portfolio was comprised of residential and commercial real estate loans. Adverse changes in economic conditions both nationally and in the communities we serve have and may continue to cause deterioration to the value of real estate Civista uses to secure its loans. Adverse changes in the economy, deterioration of our real estate portfolio, a decrease in real estate values, an increase in unemployment, decreased or nonexistent housing price appreciation or increases in interest rates could reduce our earnings and consequently our financial condition because borrowers may not be able to repay their loans. The value of the collateral securing our loans and the quality of our loan portfolio may decline and customers may not want or need our products and services. 
 Any of these scenarios could cause us to make fewer loans, increase delinquencies and non-performing assets, require us to charge off a higher percentage of our loans or result in additional increases to our provision for loan losses in future periods, which could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 CHANGES IN INTEREST RATES COULD HAVE A MATERIAL ADVERSE EFFECT ON OUR NET INTEREST INCOME. 
 Our results of operations are affected principally by net interest income, which is the difference between interest earned on loans and investments and interest expense paid on deposits and other borrowings. The spread between the yield on our interest-earning assets and our overall cost of funds has been compressed in the recent low interest rate environment, and our net interest income may continue to be adversely impacted by an extended period of continued low rates. We cannot predict or control changes in interest rates. National, regional and local economic conditions and the policies of regulatory authorities, including monetary policies of the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System, affect the movement of interest rates and our interest income and interest expense. If the interest rates paid on deposits and other borrowed funds increase at a faster rate than the interest rates received on loans and other investments, our net interest income, and therefore earnings, could be adversely affected. Earnings could also be adversely affected if the interest rates received on loans and other investments fall more quickly than the interest rates paid on deposits and other borrowed funds. 
 
 In addition, certain assets and liabilities may react in different degrees to changes in market interest rates. For example, interest rates on some types of assets and liabilities may fluctuate prior to changes in broader market interest rates, while interest rates on other types may lag behind. Some of our assets, such as adjustable rate mortgages, have features that restrict changes in their interest rates, including rate caps. 
 
 We believe that the impact on our cost of funds from a rise in interest rates will depend on a number of factors, including but not limited to, the competitive environment in the banking sector for deposit pricing, opportunities for clients to invest in other markets such as fixed income and equity markets, and the propensity of customers to invest in their businesses. The effect on our net interest income from an increase in interest rates will ultimately depend on the extent to which the aggregate impact of loan re-pricings exceeds the impact of increases in our cost of funds. 
 
 Changes in interest rates may affect the level of voluntary prepayments on our loans and may also affect the level of financing or refinancing by customers. Changes in interest rates may also negatively affect the ability of the Company s borrowers to repay their loans, particularly as interest rates rise and adjustable rate loans become more expensive. 
 
 Interest rates are highly sensitive to many factors that are beyond our control. Some of these factors include: 
 inflation; 

recession; 

unemployment; 

money supply; 

international disorders; and 

instability in domestic and foreign financial markets. 

19 
 
 The Company s management uses various measures to monitor interest rate risk and believes it has implemented effective asset and liability management strategies to reduce the potential adverse effects of changes in interest rates on the Company s financial condition and results of operations. Management also periodically adjusts the mix of assets and liabilities to manage interest rate risk. However, any significant, unexpected, prolonged change in market interest rates could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. 
 See the discussion under the caption Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk on pages 51 through 52 of the 2022 Annual Report for additional information related to the Company s interest rate risk. 
 A transition away from LIBOR as a reference rate for financial contracts could negatively IMPACT our income and expenses and the value of various financial contracts. 
 LIBOR has been used extensively in the United States and globally as a benchmark for various commercial and financial contracts, including adjustable rate mortgages, corporate debt, interest rate swaps and other derivatives. LIBOR is set based on interest rate information reported by certain banks. In the U.S., efforts to identify a set of alternative U.S. dollar reference interest rates are ongoing, and the Alternative Reference Rate Committee ARRC has recommended the use of a Secured Overnight Funding Rate SOFR as the set of alternative U.S. dollar reference interest rates. SOFR is different from LIBOR in that it is a backward looking secured rate rather than a forward looking unsecured rate. 
 
 These differences could lead to a greater disconnect between our costs to raise funds for SOFR as compared to LIBOR. For cash products and loans, ARRC has also recommended Term SOFR, which is a forward looking SOFR based on SOFR futures and may in part reduce differences between SOFR and LIBOR. There are operational issues which may create a delay in the transition to SOFR or other substitute indices, leading to uncertainty across the industry. These consequences cannot be entirely predicted and could have an adverse impact on the market value for or value of LIBOR-linked securities, loans, and other financial obligations or extensions of credit. 
 
 The Company has limited exposure to LIBOR, with total exposure as of December 31, 2022 of approximately 274.0 million. The Company s primary exposure to LIBOR relates to its promissory notes with borrowers, swap contracts with clients, offsetting swap contracts with third parties related to the swap contracts with clients, the Company s LIBOR-based borrowings (if any), and Civista s swap contracts which can be tied to LIBOR. The Company s contracts generally include a LIBOR term (for example, one month, three month, or one year) plus an incremental margin rate. The Company is working through this transition via a multi-disciplinary project team. We are still evaluating the impact the change to a benchmark like SOFR or Prime Rate will have on our financial condition, results of operations or cash flows. 
 
 THE ECONOMIC IMPACT OF THE COVID-19 PANDEMIC, OR AN OUTBREAK OF ANOTHER HIGHLY INFECTIOUS OR CONTAGIOUS DISEASE, COULD ADVERSELY AFFECT OUR BUSINESS, FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS. 
 
 The COVID-19 pandemic has negatively impacted global, national and local economies, disrupted global and national supply chains, lowered equity market valuations, and created significant volatility and disruption in financial markets. The extent to which COVID-19 will continue to impact our business, results of operations, and financial condition, as well as our regulatory capital and liquidity ratios, will depend on future developments, which are highly uncertain and cannot be predicted. 
 
 20 
 
 COVID-19, including the spread of new variants thereof, or a new pandemic could subject us to any of the following risks, any of which could, individually or in the aggregate, have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, liquidity, and results of operations: 
 
 demand for our products and services may decline, making it difficult to grow assets and income; 

if the economy experiences new closures or downturns as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic, including the spread of new variants thereof, or a new pandemic, loan delinquencies, problem assets, and foreclosures may increase, resulting in increased charges and reduced income; 

collateral for loans, especially real estate, may decline in value, which could cause loan losses to increase; 

our allowance for loan losses may have to be increased if borrowers experience financial difficulties beyond forbearance periods, which will adversely affect our net income; 

the net worth and liquidity of loan guarantors may decline, impairing their ability to honor commitments to us; 

a prolonged weakness in economic conditions resulting in a reduction of future projected earnings could result in our recording a valuation allowance against our current outstanding deferred tax assets; 

we rely on third party vendors for certain services and the unavailability of a critical service due to COVID-19 or new pandemic could have an adverse effect on us; and 

adverse economic conditions could result in protracted volatility in the price of our common shares. 

We continue to closely monitor the impact of COVID-19 and related risks as they evolve. To the extent the effects of COVID-19 adversely impact our business, financial condition, liquidity or results of operations, it may also have the effect of heightening many of the other risks described in this section. 
 RISKS RELATED TO OUR BUSINESS OPERATIONS 
 WE ARE EXPOSED TO OPERATIONAL RISK. 
 We are exposed to many types of operational risk, including reputational risk, legal and compliance risk, cybersecurity risk, the risk of fraud or theft by employees or outsiders, unauthorized transactions by employees or operational errors, including clerical or record-keeping errors or those resulting from faulty or disabled computer or telecommunications systems. 
 We rely heavily on communications and information systems to conduct our business. Any failure, interruption or breach in security of these systems could result in failures or disruptions in our customer relationship management, general ledger, deposit, loan and other systems. 
 
 We may be subject to disruptions of our operating systems arising from events that are wholly or partially beyond our control, which may include, for example, computer viruses, cyber-attacks, spikes in transaction volume and/or customer activity, electrical or telecommunications outages, or natural disasters. Although we have programs in place related to business continuity, disaster recovery and information security to maintain the confidentiality, integrity and availability of our systems, business applications and customer information, such disruptions may give rise to interruptions in service to customers, loss of data privacy and loss or liability to us. Any failure or interruption in our operations or information systems, or any security or data breach, could cause reputational damage, jeopardize the confidentiality of customer information, result in a loss of customer business, subject us to regulatory intervention or expose us to civil litigation and financial loss or liability, any of which could have a material adverse effect on us. 
 
 21 
 
 Given the volume of transactions we process, certain errors may be repeated or compounded before they are discovered and successfully rectified. Our necessary dependence upon automated systems to record and process our transaction volume may further increase the risk that technical system flaws or employee tampering or manipulation of those systems will result in losses that are difficult to detect. We may also be subject to disruptions of our operating systems arising from events that are wholly or partially beyond our control (for example, computer viruses or electrical or telecommunications outages), which may give rise to disruption of service to customers and to financial loss or liability. We are further exposed to the risk that our external vendors may be unable to fulfill their contractual obligations (or will be subject to the same risk of fraud or operational errors by their respective employees as we are) and to the risk that our (or our vendors consumer compliance, business continuity and data security systems prove to be inadequate. 
 
 Negative public opinion can result from our actual or alleged conduct in any number of activities, including lending practices, corporate governance and acquisitions, social media and other marketing activities, the implementation of environmental, social and governance (ESP) practices, and from actions taken by governmental regulators and community organizations in response to any of the foregoing activities. Negative public opinion could adversely affect our ability to attract and keep customers, could expose us to potential litigation and regulatory action, and could have a material adverse effect on the price of our common shares or result in heightened volatility of our stock price. 
 UNAUTHORIZED DISCLOSURE OF SENSITIVE OR CONFIDENTIAL CLIENT INFORMATION OR BREACHES IN SECURITY OF OUR SYSTEMS, COULD SEVERELY HARM OUR BUSINESS. 
 As part of our financial institution business, we collect, process and store sensitive consumer data by utilizing computer systems and telecommunications networks operated by both us and third-party service providers. Our necessary dependence upon automated systems to record and process transactions poses the risk that technical system flaws, employee errors, tampering or manipulation of those systems, or attacks by third parties will result in losses and may be difficult to detect. We have security and backup and recovery systems in place, as well as a business continuity plan, to ensure the computer systems will not be inoperable, to the extent possible. The Company also routinely reviews documentation of such controls and backups related to third-party service providers. Our inability to use or access these information systems at critical points in time could unfavorably impact the timeliness and efficiency of our business operations. In recent years, some banks have experienced denial of service attacks in which individuals or organizations flood the bank's website with extraordinarily high volumes of traffic, with the goal and effect of disrupting the ability of the bank to process transactions. Other businesses have been victims of ransomware attacks in which the business becomes unable to access its own information and is presented with a demand to pay a ransom in order to once again have access to its information. 
 
 We could be adversely affected if one of our employees or a third-party service provider causes a significant operational break-down or failure, either as a result of human error or where an individual purposefully sabotages or fraudulently manipulates our operations or systems. We are further exposed to the risk that the third-party service providers may be unable to fulfill their contractual obligations (or will be subject to the same risks as faced by us). These disruptions may interfere with service to our customers, cause additional regulatory scrutiny and result in a financial loss or liability. We are also at risk of the impact of natural disasters, terrorism and international hostilities on our systems or for the effects of outages or other failures involving power or communications systems operated by others. 
 Misconduct by employees could include fraudulent, improper or unauthorized activities on behalf of clients or improper use of confidential information. We may not be able to prevent employee errors or misconduct, and the precautions we take to detect this type of activity might not be effective in all cases. Employee errors or misconduct could subject us to civil claims for negligence or regulatory enforcement actions, including fines and restrictions on our business. 
 In addition, there have been instances where financial institutions have been victims of fraudulent activity in which criminals pose as customers to initiate wire and automated clearinghouse transactions out of customer accounts. Although we have policies and procedures in place to verify the authenticity of our customers, we cannot assure that such policies and procedures will prevent all fraudulent transfers. Such activity can result in financial liability and harm to our reputation. 
 22 
 
 We have implemented security controls to prevent unauthorized access to the computer systems, and we require our third-party service providers to maintain similar controls. However, we cannot be certain that these measures will be successful. A security breach of our computer systems and loss of confidential information, such as customer account numbers and related information, could result in a loss of customers confidence and, thus, loss of business. While Civista maintains specific cyber insurance coverage, which would apply in the event of various breach scenarios, the amount of coverage may not be adequate in any particular case. Furthermore, because cyber threat scenarios are inherently difficult to predict and can take many forms, some breaches may not be covered under our cyber insurance coverage. 
 Further, we may be impacted by data breaches at retailers and other third parties who participate in data interchanges with us and our customers that involve the theft of customer credit and debit card data, which may include the theft of our debit card personal identification numbers (PINs) and commercial card information used to make purchases at such retailers and other third parties. Such data breaches could result in us incurring significant expenses to reissue debit cards and cover losses, which could result in a material adverse effect on our results of operations. 
 There can be no assurance that we will not suffer such cyber-attacks or other information security breaches or attempted breaches, incur resulting losses in the future. Our risk and exposure to these matters remains heightened because of, among other things, the evolving nature of these threats, and our plans to continue to implement internet and mobile banking capabilities to meet customer demand. As cyber and other data security threats continue to evolve, we may be required to expend significant additional resources to continue to modify and enhance its protective measures or to investigate and remediate any security vulnerabilities. 
 Our assets at risk for cyber-attacks include financial assets and non-public information belonging to customers. We use several third-party vendors who have access to our assets via electronic media. Certain cyber security risks arise due to this access, including cyber espionage, blackmail, ransom, and theft. 
 All of the types of cyber incidents discussed above could result in damage to our reputation, loss of customer business, costs of incentives to customers or business partners in order to maintain their relationships, litigation, increased regulatory scrutiny and potential enforcement actions, repairs of system damage, increased investments in cybersecurity (such as obtaining additional technology, making organizational changes, deploying additional personnel, training personnel and engaging consultants), increased insurance premiums, and loss of investor confidence and a reduction in the price of our common shares, all of which could result in financial loss and material adverse effects on our results of operations and financial condition. 
 Noncompliance with the Bank Secrecy Act (BSA) and other anti-money laundering statutes and regulations could cause a material financial loss. 
 The BSA and the Patriot Act contain anti-money laundering and financial transparency provisions intended to detect and prevent the use of the U.S. financial system for money laundering and terrorist financing activities. The BSA, as amended by the Patriot Act and the AMLA, requires depository institutions and their holding companies to undertake activities including maintaining an anti-money laundering program, verifying the identity of clients, monitoring for and reporting suspicious transactions, reporting on cash transactions exceeding specified thresholds, and responding to requests for information by regulatory authorities and law enforcement agencies. Financial Crimes Enforcement Network (also known as FinCEN), a unit of the Treasury Department that administers the BSA, is authorized to impose significant civil money penalties for violations of those requirements and has recently engaged in coordinated enforcement efforts with the federal bank regulatory agencies, as well as the U.S. Department of Justice, Drug Enforcement Administration, and Internal Revenue Service. The AMLA is intended to be a comprehensive reform and modernization to U.S. bank secrecy and anti-money laundering laws, which includes a codified risk-based approach to anti-money laundering compliance for financial institutions; requires the development of standards for evaluating technology and internal processes for BSA compliance; expands enforcement-related and investigation-related authority, including increasing available sanctions for certain BSA violations and instituting BSA whistleblower incentives and protections. 
 There is also increased scrutiny of compliance with the rules enforced by the Office of Foreign Assets Control (also known as OFAC). If the Company s policies, procedures, and systems are deemed deficient, or if the policies, procedures, and systems of the financial institutions that the Company has already acquired or may acquire in the future are deficient, the Company may be subject to liability, including fines and regulatory actions such as restrictions on the Company s ability to pay dividends and the necessity to obtain regulatory approvals to proceed with certain planned business activities, including acquisition plans, which could negatively impact our business, financial condition, and results of operations. Failure to maintain and implement adequate programs to combat money laundering and terrorist financing could also have serious reputational consequences for the Company. 
 23 
 
 Our business could be adversely affected through third parties who perform significant operational services on our behalf. 
 The third parties performing operational services for the Company are subject to risks similar to those faced by the Company relating to cybersecurity, breakdowns or failures of their own systems, or misconduct of their employees. Like many other community banks, Civista also relies, in significant part, on a single vendor for the systems which allow Civista to provide banking services to Civista s customers, for which the systems are maintained on Civista s behalf by this single vendor. 
 One or more of the third parties utilized by us may experience a cybersecurity event or operational disruption and, if any such event does occur, it may not be adequately addressed, either operationally or financially, by such third party. Certain of these third parties may have limited indemnification obligations to us in the event of a cybersecurity event or operational disruption, or may not have the financial capacity to satisfy their indemnification obligations. 
 Financial or operational difficulties of a third party provider could also impair our operations if those difficulties interfere with such third party s ability to serve the Company. If a critical third-party provider is unable to meet the needs of the Company in a timely manner, or if the services or products provided by such third party are terminated or otherwise delayed and if the Company is not able to develop alternative sources for these services and products quickly and cost-effectively, our business could be materially adversely effected. 
 Additionally, regulatory guidance adopted by federal banking regulators addressing how banks select, engage and manage their third-party relationships, affects the circumstances and conditions under which we work with third parties and the cost of managing such relationships. 
 
 STRONG COMPETITION WITHIN OUR MARKET AREA MAY REDUCE OUR ABILITY TO ATTRACT AND RETAIN DEPOSITS AND ORIGINATE LOANS. 
 We face competition both in originating loans and in attracting deposits within our market area, which includes North Central, West Central, South Western Ohio, South Eastern Indiana and Northern Kentucky. We compete for clients by offering personal service and competitive rates on our loans and deposit products. The type of institutions we compete with include large regional financial institutions, community banks, thrifts and credit unions operating within our market areas. Nontraditional sources of competition for loan and deposit dollars come from captive auto finance companies, mortgage banking companies, internet banks, brokerage companies, insurance companies and direct mutual funds. As a result of their size and ability to achieve economies of scale, certain of our competitors offer a broader range of products and services than we offer. We expect competition to remain intense in the future as a result of legislative, regulatory and technological changes and the continuing trend of consolidation in the financial services industry. In addition, to stay competitive in our markets we may need to adjust the interest rates on our products to match the rates offered by our competitors, which could adversely affect our net interest margin. As a result, our profitability depends upon our continued ability to successfully compete in our market areas while achieving our investment objectives. 
 
 OUR ALLOWANCE FOR LOAN LOSSES MAY PROVE TO BE INSUFFICIENT TO ABSORB POTENTIAL LOSSES IN OUR LOAN PORTFOLIO. 
 We maintain an allowance for loan losses that we believe is a reasonable estimate of known and inherent losses within the loan portfolio. We make various assumptions and judgments about the collectability of our loan portfolio, including the creditworthiness of our borrowers and the value of the real estate and other assets serving as collateral for the repayment of loans. Through a periodic review and consideration of the loan portfolio, management determines the amount of the allowance for loan losses by considering general market conditions, the credit quality of the loan portfolio, the collateral supporting the loans and the performance of customers relative to their financial obligations with us. However, every loan we make carries a risk of non-payment. This risk is affected by, among other things, cash flow of the borrower and/or the project being financed, changes and uncertainties as to the future value of the collateral securing such loan, the credit history of the particular borrower, changes in economic and industry conditions, and the duration of the loan. 
 The amount of future losses is also susceptible to changes in economic, operating and other conditions, including changes in interest rates, which may be beyond our control, and these losses may exceed current estimates. We cannot fully predict the amount or timing of losses or whether the allowance for loan losses will be adequate in the future. If our assumptions prove to be incorrect, our allowance for loan losses may not be sufficient to cover losses inherent in our loan portfolio, resulting in additions to the allowance, which would adversely affect our earnings. Excessive loan losses and significant additions to our allowance for loan losses could have a material adverse impact on our financial condition and results of operations. 
 24 
 
 In addition, bank regulators periodically review our allowance for loan losses and may require us to increase our allowance for loan losses or recognize further loan charge-offs. Moreover, the Financial Accounting Standards Board FASB has changed its requirements for establishing the allowance for loan losses. 
 On June 16, 2016, the FASB issued Accounting Standard Update ASU 2016-13 Financial Instruments - Credit Losses , which replaces the incurred loss model with an expected loss model, and is referred to as the current expected credit loss CECL model. Under the incurred loss model, loans are recognized as impaired when there is no longer an assumption that future cash flows will be collected in full under the originally contracted terms. Under the CECL model, financial institutions are required to use historical information, current conditions and reasonable forecasts to estimate the expected loss over the life of the loan. The transition to the CECL model requires significantly greater data requirements and changes to methodologies to accurately account for expected losses under the new parameters. If the methodologies and assumptions that we use in the CECL model are proven to be incorrect, or inadequate, the allowance for credit losses may not be sufficient, resulting in the need for additional allowance for credit losses to be established, which could have a material adverse impact on our financial condition and results of operations. The new CECL accounting guidance is effective for annual reporting periods and interim reporting periods within those annual periods, beginning after December 15, 2019. However, the FASB deferred the effective date for this ASU for smaller reporting companies, such as the Company, to annual reporting periods and interim reporting periods within those annual periods, beginning after December 15, 2022. The Company expects to recognize a one-time cumulative effect adjustment (increase) to the allowance for credit losses upon adoption in the first quarter of 2023. 
 
 If real estate markets or the economy in general deteriorate, Civista may experience increased delinquencies and credit losses. The allowance for loan losses may not be sufficient to cover actual loan-related losses. Additionally, banking regulators may require Civista to increase its allowance for loan losses in the future, which could have a negative effect on Civista s financial condition and results of operations. Additions to the allowance for loan losses will result in a decrease in net earnings and capital and could hinder our ability to grow our assets. 
 Any increase in our allowance for loan losses or loan charge-offs as required by these regulatory authorities could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 THE SMALL TO MEDIUM SIZED BUSINESSES THAT WE LEND TO MAY HAVE FEWER RESOURCES TO WEATHER ADVERSE BUSINESS CONDITIONS, WHICH MAY IMPAIR THEIR ABILITY TO REPAY LOANS, AND SUCH IMPAIRMENT COULD ADVERSELY AFFECT OUR RESULTS OF OPERATIONS AND FINANCIAL CONDITION. 
 
 Our business development and marketing strategies primarily result in us serving the banking and financial services needs of small to medium-sized businesses. These businesses generally have fewer financial resources in terms of capital or borrowing capacity than larger entities, frequently have smaller market shares than their competition, may be more vulnerable to economic downturns, often need substantial additional capital to expand or compete and may experience substantial volatility in operating results, any of which may impair a borrower s ability to repay a loan. In addition, the success of a small to medium-sized business often depends on the management skills, talents and efforts of one or two people or a small group of people, and the death, disability or resignation of one or more of these people could have a material adverse impact on the business and its ability to repay its loans. If general economic conditions negatively impact Ohio, Indiana or the specific markets in these states in which we operate and small to medium-sized businesses are adversely affected or our borrowers are otherwise affected by adverse business conditions, our business, financial condition and results of operations could be adversely affected. 
 
 OUR BUSINESS AND FINANCIAL RESULTS ARE SUBJECT TO RISKS ASSOCIATED WITH THE CREDITWORTHINESS OF OUR CUSTOMERS AND COUNTERPARTIES. 
 Credit risk is inherent in the financial services business and results from, among other things, extending credit to customers, purchasing securities, and entering into financial derivative transactions and certain guarantee contracts. Credit risk is one of our most significant risks, particularly given the high percentage of our assets represented directly or indirectly by loans, and the importance of lending to our overall business. We manage credit risk by assessing and monitoring the creditworthiness of our customers and counterparties and by diversifying our loan portfolio. Many factors impact credit risk. 
 A borrower s ability to repay a loan can be adversely affected by individual factors, such as business performance, job losses or health issues. A weak or deteriorating economy and changes in the United States or global markets also could adversely impact the ability of our borrowers to repay outstanding loans. Any decrease in our borrowers ability to repay loans would result in higher levels of nonperforming loans, net charge-offs, and provision for loan losses. 
 25 
 
 Despite maintaining a diversified loan portfolio, in the ordinary course of business, we may have concentrated credit exposure to a particular person or entity, industry, region or counterparty. Events adversely affecting specific customers, industries, regions or markets, a decrease in the credit quality of a customer base or an adverse change in the risk profile of a market, industry, or group of customers could adversely affect us. 
 Our credit risk may be exacerbated when collateral held by us to secure obligations to us cannot be realized upon or is liquidated at prices that are not sufficient to recover the full amount of the loan or derivative exposure due us. 
 Due in part to improvement in local and general economic conditions, as well as actions we have taken to manage our loan portfolio, our provision for loan losses has declined since the end of the recent recession. However, if we experience higher levels of provision for loan losses in the future, our net income could be negatively affected. 
 WE RELY HEAVILY ON OUR MANAGEMENT TEAM, AND THE UNEXPECTED LOSS OF KEY MANAGEMENT MAY ADVERSELY AFFECT OUR OPERATIONS. 
 Our success to date has been strongly influenced by our ability to attract and to retain senior management experienced in banking in the markets we serve. Our ability to retain executive officers and the current management teams will continue to be important to successful implementation of our strategies. The unexpected loss of services of any key management personnel, or the inability to recruit and retain qualified personnel in the future, could have an adverse effect on our business and financial results. 
 WE DEPEND UPON THE ACCURACY AND COMPLETENESS OF INFORMATION ABOUT CUSTOMERS AND OTHER PARTIES. 
 In deciding whether to extend credit or enter into other transactions with customers and counterparties, we may rely on information provided to us by customers and other parties, including financial statements and other financial information. We may also rely on representations of customers and counterparties as to the accuracy and completeness of that information and, with respect to financial statements, on reports of independent auditors. For example, in deciding whether to extend credit to a business, we may assume that the customer s audited financial statements conform with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States and present fairly, in all material respects, the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the customer. We may also rely on the audit report covering those financial statements. Our financial condition and results of operations could be negatively impacted to the extent we rely on financial statements that do not comply with generally accepted accounting principles or that are materially misleading, or on other financial information that is incomplete or materially misleading. 
 WE DO NOT HAVE ASSURANCE REGARDING THE FUTURE REVENUES OF OUR TAX REFUND PROGRAM. 
 The revenues from our tax refund program are based upon a contract with a third party. While the contract has a term of three years expiring October 31, 2023 and contains provisions for automatic renewal after that term, the amount to be paid to us is not fixed for any period after 2022. As a result, the amount paid to us may fluctuate, and there is no assurance that the parties will be able to negotiate compensation that is acceptable to us after that year. 
 
 ACQUISITIONS OR OTHER EXPANSION MAY ADVERSELY AFFECT OUR FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULT OF OPERATIONS. 
 
 We completed two significant acquisitions during the past year. On July 1, 2022, CBI completed the acquisition by merger of Comunibanc Corp. Immediately following the merger, Comunibanc Corp.'s banking subsidiary, The Henry County Bank, was merged with and into Civista. As a result of the merger, we acquired seven offices of Comunibanc Corp. in the northwest Ohio communities of Napoleon (3), Malinta, Holgate, Liberty Center and Bowling Green. On October 3, 2022, CBI and Civista completed the acquisition by Civista of all of the issued and outstanding shares of capital stock of VFG, a full-service equipment leasing and financing company headquartered in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania. As a result of the acquisition, VFG became a wholly-owned subsidiary of Civista. 
 
 26 
 
 The earnings, financial condition and prospects of Civista after the Comunibanc Corp. and VFG acquisitions will depend in part on our ability to integrate successfully the respective operations of Comunibanc Corp. (and The Henry County Bank) and VFG and continue to implement our business plan. We may not be able to fully achieve our strategic objectives and projected operating efficiencies. The costs and/or challenges involved in integrating the new businesses with our organization may be greater than expected or the cost savings from anticipated economies of scale of the combined organization may be lower or take longer to realize than expected. Inherent uncertainties exist in integrating the operations of an acquired entity. The success of the acquisitions will depend on a number of factors, including, without limitation: 
 
 Our ability to integrate the acquired businesses into our operations; 

With regard to the acquisition of Comunibanc Corp. and The Henry County Bank, our ability to limit the outflow of deposits held by new customers and to successfully retain and manage interest-earning assets and relationships (including lending relationships) acquired in the merger; 

Our ability to control the incremental non-interest expense from the acquired businesses in a manner that enables us to maintain a favorable overall efficiency ratio; 

Our ability to retain and attract key employees and other appropriate personnel; and 

Our ability to earn acceptable levels of interest and non-interest income, including fee income, from the acquired businesses. 

In the future, we may acquire other financial institutions or branches or assets of other financial institutions. We may also open new branches, enter into new lines of business, or offer new products or services. Any future acquisition or expansion of our business, will involve a number of expenses and risks, which may include some or all of the following: 
 
 the time and expense associated with identifying and evaluating potential acquisitions or expansions; 

the potential inaccuracy of estimates and judgments used to evaluate credit, operations, management and market risk with respect to target institutions; 

the time and costs of evaluating new markets, hiring local management and opening new offices, and the delay between commencing these activities and the generation of profits from the expansion; 

any financing required in connection with an acquisition or expansion; 

the diversion of management s attention to the negotiation of a transaction and the integration of the operations and personnel of the combining businesses; 

entry into unfamiliar markets and the introduction of new products and services into our existing business; 

the possible impairment of goodwill associated with an acquisition and possible adverse short-term effects on our results of operations; and 

the risk of loss of key employees and customers. 

We may incur substantial costs to expand, and we can give no assurance that such expansion will result in the levels of profits we expect. Neither can we assure that integration efforts for any future acquisitions will be successful. We may issue equity securities in connection with acquisitions, which could dilute the economic and voting interests of our existing shareholders. 
 LEGISLATIVE, LEGAL AND REGULATORY RISKS 
 LEGISLATIVE OR REGULATORY CHANGES OR ACTIONS COULD ADVERSELY IMPACT OUR BUSINESS. 
 The financial services industry is extensively regulated. We are subject to extensive state and federal regulation, supervision and legislation that govern almost all aspects of our operations. These laws and regulations are primarily intended for the protection of consumers, depositors, borrowers and the deposit insurance fund, not to benefit our shareholders. 
 27 
 
 Regulations affecting banks and financial services businesses are undergoing continuous change and management cannot predict the effect of those changes. While such changes are generally intended to lessen the regulatory burden on financial institutions, the impact of any changes to laws and regulations or other actions by regulatory agencies could adversely affect our business. Regulatory authorities have extensive discretion in connection with their supervisory and enforcement activities, including the ability to impose restrictions on the operation of an institution and the ability to determine the adequacy of an institution s allowance for loan losses. Failure to comply with applicable laws, regulations and policies could result in sanctions being imposed by the regulatory agencies, including the imposition of civil money penalties, which could have a material adverse effect on our operations and financial condition. Even the reduction of regulatory restrictions could have an adverse effect on us if such lessening of restrictions increases competition within our industry or market areas. 
 DEPOSIT INSURANCE PREMIUMS MAY INCREASE AND HAVE A NEGATIVE EFFECT ON THE COMPANY S RESULTS OF OPERATIONS. 
 The DIF maintained by the FDIC to resolve bank failures is funded by fees assessed on insured depository institutions. The costs of resolving bank failures increased for a period of time and decreased the DIF. The FDIC collected a special assessment in 2009 to replenish the DIF and also required a prepayment of an estimated amount of future deposit insurance premiums. If the costs of future bank failures increase, the deposit insurance premiums required to be paid by Civista may also increase. The FDIC recently adopted rules revising its assessments in a manner benefitting banks with assets totaling less than 10 billion. There can be no assurance, however, that assessments will not be changed in the future. 
 
 We are subject to examinations and challenges by tax authorities. 
 In the normal course of business, we are routinely subject to examinations and challenges from federal and state tax authorities regarding positions taken regarding their respective tax returns. State tax authorities have become increasingly aggressive in challenging tax positions taken by financial institutions, especially those positions relating to tax compliance and calculation of taxes subject to apportionment. Any challenge or examination by a tax authority may result in adjustments to the timing or amount of taxable net worth or taxable income, or deductions or the allocation of income among tax jurisdictions. 
 Management believes it has taken appropriate positions with respect to all tax returns and does not anticipate that any examination would have a material impact on our Consolidated Financial Statements. However, the outcome of such examinations and ultimate resolution of any resulting assessments are inherently difficult to predict. Thus, no assurance can be given that our tax liability for any tax year open to examination will be as reflected in our current and historical Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 
 Accounting changes could impact our reported financial condition or results of operations. 
 
 The accounting standard setters, including the Financial Accounting Standards Board (the FASB), the SEC and other regulatory bodies, periodically change the financial accounting and reporting guidance that governs the preparation of our consolidated financial statements. The pace of change continues to accelerate and changes in accounting standards can be hard to predict and could materially impact how we record and report our financial condition and results of operations. In some cases, we could be required to apply new or revised guidance retroactively, resulting in the restatement of prior period financial statements. 
 
 The preparation of consolidated financial statements in conformity with U.S. GAAP requires management to make significant estimates that affect the financial statements. Due to the inherent nature of these estimates, actual results may vary materially from management s estimates. In June 2016, FASB issued a new accounting standard for recognizing current expected credit losses, commonly referred to as CECL. CECL will result in earlier recognition of credit losses and requires consideration of not only past and current events but also reasonable and supportable forecasts that affect collectability. The Company will be required to comply with the new standard in the first quarter of 2023. Upon adoption of CECL, credit loss allowances may increase, which would decrease retained earnings and regulatory capital. The federal banking regulators have adopted a regulation that will allow banks to phase in the day-one impact of CECL on regulatory capital over three years. CECL implementation poses operational risk, including the failure to properly transition internal processes or systems, which could lead to call report errors, financial misstatements, or operational losses. 
 
 28 
 
 WE MAY BE THE SUBJECT OF LITIGATION WHICH COULD RESULT IN LEGAL LIABILITY AND DAMAGE TO OUR BUSINESS AND REPUTATION. 
 From time to time, we may be subject to claims or legal action from customers, employees or others. Financial institutions like CBI and Civista are facing a growing number of significant class actions, including those based on the manner of calculation of interest on loans and the assessment of overdraft fees. Future litigation could include claims for substantial compensatory and/or punitive damages or claims for indeterminate amounts of damages. We are also involved from time to time in other reviews, investigations and proceedings (both formal and informal) by governmental and other agencies regarding our business. These matters also could result in adverse judgments, settlements, fines, penalties, injunctions or other relief. Like other large financial institutions, we are also subject to risk from potential employee misconduct, including non-compliance with policies and improper use or disclosure of confidential information. Substantial legal liability or significant regulatory action against us could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition or results of operations and/or cause significant reputational harm to our business. 
 WE COULD FACE LEGAL AND REGULATORY RISK ARISING OUT OF OUR RESIDENTIAL MORTGAGE BUSINESS. 
 Numerous federal and state governmental, legislative and regulatory authorities are investigating practices in the business of mortgage and home equity loan lending and servicing and in the mortgage-related insurance and reinsurance industries. We could face the risk of class actions, other litigation and claims from: the owners of or purchasers of such loans originated or serviced by us, homeowners involved in foreclosure proceedings or various mortgage-related insurance programs, downstream purchasers of homes sold after foreclosure, title insurers, and other potential claimants. Included among these claims are claims from purchasers of mortgage and home equity loans seeking the repurchase of loans where the loans allegedly breached origination covenants and representations and warranties made to the purchasers in the purchase and sale agreements. The CFPB has issued new rules for mortgage origination and mortgage servicing. Both the origination and servicing rules create new private rights of action for consumers against lenders and servicers in the event of certain violations. 
 
 RISKS RELATED TO OUR CAPITAL AND STOCK 
 WE MAY ELECT OR NEED TO RAISE ADDITIONAL CAPITAL IN THE FUTURE, BUT CAPITAL MAY NOT BE AVAILABLE WHEN IT IS NEEDED. 
 We are required by federal and state regulatory authorities to maintain adequate levels of capital to support our operations. In addition, federal banking agencies have recently finalized extensive changes to their capital requirements, including the adoption of the final Basel III rules as discussed above, which result in higher capital requirements and more restrictive leverage and liquidity ratios than those previously in place. If we experience significant loan losses, addition capital may need to be infused. In addition, we may elect to raise additional capital to support business growth and/or to finance acquisitions, if any, or we may otherwise elect or be required to raise additional capital. Our ability to raise additional capital, if needed, will depend on conditions in the capital markets, economic conditions and a number of other factors, many of which are outside our control, and are based on our financial performance. Accordingly, we cannot be assured of our ability to raise additional capital if needed or on terms acceptable to us. If we cannot raise additional capital when needed, it may have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 
 
 WE ARE A HOLDING COMPANY AND DEPEND ON OUR SUBSIDIARY BANK FOR DIVIDENDS. 
 As a financial holding company, we are a legal entity separate and distinct from our subsidiaries and affiliates. Our principal source of funds to support our operations, pay dividends on our common and preferred shares and service our debt is dividends from our subsidiary bank, Civista. In the event that Civista is unable to pay dividends to us, we may not be able to service our debt, pay our other obligations or pay dividends on our common or preferred shares. Accordingly, our inability to receive dividends from Civista could also have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 Various federal and state statutory provisions and regulations limit the amount of dividends that Civista may pay to us without regulatory approval. Generally, subject to certain minimum capital requirements, Civista may declare a dividend without the approval of the ODFI so long as the total amount of the dividends in a calendar year does not exceed Civista s total net income for that year combined with its retained net income for the two preceding years. In addition, the Federal Reserve has issued policy statements that provide that insured banks and bank holding companies should generally only pay dividends out of current operating earnings. Thus, the ability of Civista to pay dividends in the future is currently influenced, and could be further influenced, by bank regulatory policies and capital guidelines and may restrict our ability to declare and pay dividends on our common or preferred shares. 
 29 

THE MARKET PRICE OF OUR COMMON SHARES MAY BE SUBJECT TO FLUCTUATIONS AND VOLATILITY. 
 The market price of our common shares may fluctuate significantly due to, among other things, changes in market sentiment regarding our operations or business prospects, the banking industry generally or the macroeconomic outlook. Factors that could impact our trading price include: 
 our operating and financial results, including how those results vary from the expectations of management, securities analysts and investors; 

developments in our business or operations or in the financial sector generally; 

future offerings by us of debt or preferred shares, which would be senior to our common shares upon liquidation and for purposes of dividend distributions; 

legislative or regulatory changes affecting our industry generally or our business and operations specifically; 

the operating and stock price performance of companies that investors consider to be comparable to us; 

announcements of strategic developments, acquisitions and other material events by us or our competitors; 

actions by our current shareholders, including future sales of common shares by existing shareholders, including our directors and executive officers; and 

other changes in U.S. or global financial markets, global economies and general market conditions, such as interest or foreign exchange rates, stock, commodity, credit or asset valuations or volatility. 

Equity markets in general and our common shares in particular have experienced considerable volatility over the past few years. The market price of our common shares may continue to be subject to volatility unrelated to our operating performance or business prospects. Increased volatility could result in a decline in the market price of our common shares. 
 THE SALE OF SUBSTANTIAL AMOUNTS OF OUR COMMON SHARES OR SECURITIES CONVERTIBLE INTO OUR COMMON SHARES IN THE PUBLIC MARKET COULD DEPRESS THE PRICE OF OUR COMMON SHARES. 
 In recent years, the stock market has experienced a high level of price and volume volatility, and market prices for the stock of many companies have experienced wide fluctuations that have not necessarily been related to their operating performance. Therefore, our shareholders may not be able to sell their shares at the volumes, prices, or times that they desire. We cannot predict the effect, if any, that future sales of our common shares or securities convertible into our common shares in the market, or availability of shares of our common shares or securities convertible into our common shares for sale in the market, will have on the market price of our common shares. We can give no assurance that sales of substantial amounts of our common shares or securities convertible into our common shares in the market, or the potential for large amounts of sales in the market, would not cause the price of our securities to decline or impair our ability to raise capital through sales of our common shares. 
 GENERAL RISK FACTORS 
 ADVERSE CHANGES IN FINANCIAL MARKETS AND ECONOMIC CONDITIONS MAY ADVERSELY IMPACT OUR RESULTS OF OPERATIONS. 
 Although we primarily invest in securities issued by United States government agencies and sponsored entities and United States state and local governments with limited credit risk, certain of our investment securities possess higher credit risk since they represent beneficial interests in structured investments collateralized by residential mortgages, debt obligations and other similar assets. Even securities issued by United States government agencies and sponsored entities may entail risk depending on political and economic changes. Regardless of the level of credit risk, all investment securities are subject to changes in market value due to changing interest rates, implied credit spreads and credit ratings. 
 
 30 
 
 We may experience increasing scrutiny and evolving expectations from customers, regulators, investors, and other stakeholders with respect to the Company s environmental, social and governance practices. 
 
 Financial institutions are facing increasing scrutiny from customers, regulators, investors, and other stakeholders related to their environmental, social, and governance ESG practices and disclosure. Investor advocacy groups, investment funds, and influential investors are also increasingly focused on these practices, especially as they relate to the environment, health and safety, diversity, labor conditions, and human rights. Increased ESG-related compliance costs for the Company as well as among our suppliers, vendors and various other parties within our supply chain could result in increases to our overall operational costs. Failure to adapt to or comply with regulatory requirements or investor or stakeholder expectations and standards could negatively impact our reputation, ability to do business with certain partners, access to capital, and the price of our common shares. New government regulations could also result in new or more stringent forms of ESG oversight and expanding mandatory and voluntary reporting, diligence, and disclosure. 
 CHANGES IN TAX LAWS COULD ADVERSELY AFFECT OUR PERFORMANCE 
 
 We are subject to extensive federal, state and local taxes, including income, excise, sales/use, payroll, franchise, withholding and ad valorem taxes. Changes to tax laws could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, fair values of net deferred tax assets and obligations of states and political subdivisions held in our investment securities portfolio. In addition, our customers are subject to a wide variety of federal, state and local taxes. Changes in taxes paid by our customers may adversely affect their ability to purchase homes or consumer products, which could adversely affect their demand for our loans and deposit products. In addition, such negative effects on our customers could result in defaults on the loans we have made and decrease the value of mortgage-backed securities in which we have invested. 
 
 WE NEED TO CONSTANTLY UPDATE OUR TECHNOLOGY IN ORDER TO COMPETE AND MEET CUSTOMER DEMANDS. 
 The financial services market, including banking services, is undergoing rapid technological changes with frequent introductions of new technology-driven products and services. In addition to better serving customers, the effective use of technology increases efficiency and may enable us to reduce costs. Our future success will depend, in part, on our ability to use technology to provide products and services that provide convenience to customers and to create additional efficiencies in our operations. Some of our competitors have substantially greater resources to invest in technological improvements. We may not be able to effectively implement new technology-driven products and services or be successful in marketing these products and services to our customers. Failure to successfully keep pace with technological changes affecting the financial services industry could negatively affect our growth, revenue and profit. 
 WE ARE SUBJECT TO ENVIRONMENTAL LIABILITY RISK ASSOCIATED WITH CIVISTA S LENDING ACTIVITIES. 
 A significant portion of Civista s loan portfolio is secured by real property. During the ordinary course of business, Civista forecloses on and takes title to properties securing certain loans. In doing so, there is a risk that hazardous or toxic substances could be found on these properties. If hazardous or toxic substances are found, Civista may be liable for remediation costs, as well as for personal injury and property damage. Environmental laws and evolving regulation may require Civista to incur substantial expenses and may materially reduce the affected property s value or limit Civista s ability to use or sell the affected property. In addition, future laws and regulations or more stringent interpretations or enforcement policies with respect to existing laws or regulations may increase Civista s exposure to environmental liability. Environmental reviews of real property before initiating foreclosure actions may not be sufficient to detect all potential environmental hazards. The remediation costs and any other financial liabilities associated with an environmental hazard could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 Climate change, severe weather, natural disasters, acts of war or terrorism and other external events could significantly impact our business. 
 Natural disasters, including severe weather events of increasing strength and frequency due to climate change, acts of war or terrorism, and other adverse external events could have a significant impact on our ability to conduct business or upon third parties who perform operational services for us or our customers. Such events could affect the stability of our deposit base, impair the ability of borrowers to repay outstanding loans, impair the value of collateral securing loans, cause significant property damage, result in lost revenue or cause us to incur additional expenses. 
 31 
 
 Item 1B. Unresolve d Staff Comments 
 None. 
 Item 2. P roperties 
 CBI neither owns nor leases any properties. Civista owns its main office at 100 East Water Street, Sandusky, Ohio, which is also the office of CBI. Civista also owns branch banking offices in the following Ohio and Indiana communities: Sandusky (2), Norwalk (2), Berlin Heights, Willard, Castalia, Port Clinton, New Washington, Shelby (2), Greenwich, Plymouth, Shiloh, Dublin, Plain City, Russells Point, Urbana (2), Dayton (2), Quincy, Napoleon (3), Malinta, Holgate, Liberty Center, Lawrenceburg (3), Aurora, West Harrison, Milan, Osgood and Versailles. Civista leases branch banking offices in the Ohio communities of Akron, Huron, West Liberty, Dayton, Bowling Green and Beachwood. Civista also leases loan production offices in Westlake, Ohio and Fort Mitchell, Kentucky. VFG leases offices for its equipment leasing and financing business in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania, Franklin, Tennessee and Dover, New Hampshire. 
 Item 3. Legal Proceedings 
 In the ordinary course of their respective businesses, the Company or its properties may be named or otherwise subject as a plaintiff, defendant or other party to various pending and threatened legal proceedings and various actual and potential claims. In view of the inherent difficulty of predicting the outcome of such matters, the Company cannot state what the eventual outcome of any such matters will be. However, based on current knowledge and after consultation with legal counsel, management believes these proceedings will not have a material adverse effect on the consolidated financial position, results of operations or liquidity of the Company. 
 Item 4. Mine Saf ety Disclosures 
 Not Applicable 
 32 
 
 PART II 
 Item 5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Sto ckholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 As of February 21, 2023, there were approximately 1,767 shareholders of record (not including the number of persons or entities holding stock in nominee or street name through various brokerage firms) of the Company s common shares. 
 Information regarding the restrictions applicable to the Company s payment of dividends is included under Item 1 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K and is incorporated herein by reference. 
 
 During the fourth quarter of 2022, the Company purchased common shares as follows: 

Period 
 
 Total Number of Shares Purchased 

Average Price Paid per Share 

Total Number of Shares Purchased as Part of Publicly Announced Plans or Programs 

Maximum Number (or Approximate Dollar Value) of Shares that May Yet Be Purchased Under the Plans or Programs 

October 1, 2022 - October 31, 2022 

7,205 

21.40 

7,205 

6,055,711 

November 1, 2022 - November 30, 2022 

December 1, 2022 - December 31, 2022 

Total 

7,205 

21.40 

7,205 

6,055,711 

On May 4, 2022, the Company announced a new common share repurchase program to replace its previous repurchase program. The new repurchase program authorizes the Company to repurchase a maximum aggregate value of 13,500,000 of its outstanding common shares through May 9, 2023. As of December 31, 2022, a total of 349,168 common shares had been repurchased for an aggregate purchase price of 7,444,289 under this repurchase program. 
 33 
 
 Shareholder Return Performance 
 Set forth below is a line graph comparing the five-year cumulative return of the common shares of Civista Bancshares, Inc. (ticker symbol CIVB), based on an initial investment of 100 on December 31, 2017 and assuming reinvestment of dividends, with the cumulative return of the Standard Poor s 500 Index, and the S P U.S. BMI Banks Index. The comparative indices were obtained from S P Global Market Intelligence. 

Annual Report on Form 10-K 
 A copy of the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission, will be furnished, free of charge, to shareholders, upon written request to Lance A. Morrison, Secretary of Civista Bancshares, Inc., 100 East Water Street, Sandusky, Ohio 44870. 
 Item 6. [Reserved] 
 
 34 
 
 I tem 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 (Amounts in thousands, except per share data) 
 General 
 The following paragraphs more fully discuss the significant highlights, changes and trends as they relate to the Company s financial condition, results of operations, liquidity and capital resources as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and during the three-year period ended December 31, 2022. This discussion should be read in conjunction with the Consolidated Financial Statements and Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements, which are included elsewhere in this report. 
 
 Financial Condition 
 
 At December 31, 2022, the Company s total assets were 3,537,830, compared to 3,012,905 at December 31, 2021. The increase in assets is primarily the result of the Company's acquisition by merger of Comunibanc Corp. and VFG effective July 1, 2022 and October 3, 2022, respectively. In addition, loans and securities increased 546,917 and 55,528, respectively, partially offset by a decrease in cash and due from financial institutions of 210,098. Other factors contributing to the change in assets are discussed in the following sections. 
 
 Loans held for sale decreased 1,289, or 65.4 , from 1,972 at December 31, 2021 to 683 at December 31, 2022. The decrease is due to a decrease in refinances, resulting in lower volume. At December 31, 2022, seven loans totaling 683 were held for sale as compared to 14 loans totaling 1,972 at December 31, 2021. 
 
 At December 31, 2022, the Company s net loans totaled 2,518,155 and increased by 27.7 from 1,971,238 at December 31, 2021. The increase in net loans was spread across most segments. Commercial Agriculture loans increased 32,093, Commercial Real Estate Owner Occupied loans increased 75,695, Commercial Real Estate - Non-Owner Occupied loans increased 189,426, Residential Real Estate loans increased 122,721, Real Estate Construction loans increased 86,000, Lease financing receivables increased 36,797 and Consumer and Other loans increased 9,766. The increases in the foregoing loan segments were offset by a decrease in Farm Real Estate loans of 3,711. In connection with the acquisition of Comunibanc Corp. in July 2022, the Company acquired Commercial Agriculture loans totaling 9,972, Commercial Real Estate Owner Occupied loans totaling 30,515, Commercial Real Estate Non-Owner Occupied loans totaling 45,917, Residential Real Estate loans totaling 56,621, Real Estate Construction loans totaling 10,587, Farm Real Estate loans totaling 2,925 and Consumer and Other loans totaling 12,665. In connection with the acquisition of VFG in October 2022, the Company acquired Commercial Agriculture loans and Lease financing receivables totaling 25,509 and 35,909, respectively. 
 35 
 
 Maturities and Sensitivities of Loans to Changes in Interest Rates 
 The following table shows the amount of commercial and agriculture, commercial real estate, residential real estate, real estate construction, farm real estate and consumer and other loans outstanding as of December 31, 2022, which, based on the contract terms for repayments of principal, are due in the periods indicated. In addition, the amounts due after one year are classified according to their sensitivity to changes in interest rates. 

Maturing 

Within one year 

After one but within five years 

After five but within fifteen years 

After fifteen years 

Total 

(Dollars in thousands) 

Commercial Agriculture 

95,232 

114,913 

67,660 

790 

278,595 

Commercial Real Estate: 

Owner Occupied 

6,731 

75,064 

250,049 

39,303 

371,147 

Non-Owner Occupied 

36,703 

340,894 

593,326 

47,813 

1,018,736 

Residential Real Estate 

7,195 

26,097 

248,249 

271,240 

552,781 

Real Estate Construction 

38,826 

105,573 

52,405 

46,323 

243,127 

Farm Real Estate 

671 

5,176 

14,796 

4,065 

24,708 

Lease financing receivables 

4,732 

28,477 

3,588 

36,797 

Consumer and Other 

1,480 

14,839 

3,916 

540 

20,775 

Total 

191,570 

711,033 

1,233,989 

410,074 

2,546,666 

Due After One Year 

Fixed Rate 

Variable Rate 

(Dollars in thousands) 

Commercial Agriculture 

129,321 

54,041 

Commercial Real Estate: 

Owner Occupied 

76,230 

288,186 

Non-Owner Occupied 

253,085 

728,949 

Residential Real Estate 

159,972 

385,613 

Real Estate Construction 

56,800 

147,501 

Farm Real Estate 

6,555 

17,483 

Lease financing receivables 

32,064 

Consumer and Other 

17,668 

1,628 

Total 

731,695 

1,623,401 

The preceding maturity information is based on contract terms at December 31, 2022 and does not include any possible rollover at maturity date. In the normal course of business, Civista considers and acts on the borrowers requests for renewal of loans at maturity. Evaluation of such requests includes a review of the borrower s credit history, the collateral securing the loan and the purpose for such request. 
 36 
 
 Analysis of the Allowance for Loan Losses 
 The following table shows the daily average loan balances and changes in the allowance for credit losses for the years indicated. 

2022 

2021 

2020 

(Dollars in thousands) 

Total loans outstanding 

2,546,666 

1,997,879 

2,057,502 

Allowance for credit losses at year end 

28,511 

26,641 

25,028 

Loans accounted for on a nonaccrual basis 

6,507 

3,673 

5,125 

Allowance for loan losses to total loans outstanding 

1.12 

1.33 

1.22 

Nonaccrual loans to total loans outstanding 

0.26 

0.18 

0.25 

Allowance for loan losses to nonaccrual loans 

438.16 

725.32 

488.35 

Average loans outstanding: 

Commercial Agriculture 

236,315 

338,916 

359,820 

Commercial Real Estate Owner Occupied 

322,132 

278,777 

256,962 

Commercial Real Estate Non-Owner Occupied 

896,562 

755,578 

643,622 

Real Estate Mortgage 

511,973 

433,351 

462,834 

Real Estate Construction 

179,183 

176,775 

175,573 

Farm Real Estate 

24,388 

28,968 

33,935 

Lease financing receivables 

8,382 

Consumer and Other 

20,147 

14,542 

20,726 

Total average loans outstanding 

2,199,082 

2,026,907 

1,953,472 

Net charge-offs (recoveries): 

Commercial Agriculture 

(2) 

(150) 

13 

Commercial Real Estate Owner Occupied 

(42) 

(7) 

(111) 

Commercial Real Estate Non-Owner Occupied 

(74) 

(395) 

(48) 

Real Estate Mortgage 

(66) 

(182) 

18 

Real Estate Construction 

(4) 

(1) 

(4) 

Farm Real Estate 

(6) 

(12) 

(13) 

Lease financing receivables 

23 

Consumer and Other 

53 

(36) 

(4) 

Total net charge-offs (recoveries) 

(118) 

(783) 

(149) 

Ratio of net charge-offs (recoveries) during the year to average loans outstanding: 

Commercial Agriculture 

(0.00) 

(0.04) 

0.00 

Commercial Real Estate Owner Occupied 

(0.01) 

(0.00) 

(0.04) 

Commercial Real Estate Non-Owner Occupied 

(0.01) 

(0.05) 

(0.01) 

Real Estate Mortgage 

(0.01) 

(0.04) 

0.00 

Real Estate Construction 

(0.00) 

(0.00) 

(0.00) 

Farm Real Estate 

(0.02) 

(0.04) 

(0.04) 

Lease financing receivables 

Consumer and Other 

0.26 

(0.25) 

(0.02) 

Total net recoveries (charge-offs) 

(0.01) 

(0.04) 

(0.01) 

The amount of net charge-offs fluctuates from year to year due to factors relating to the condition of the general economy, decline in market values of collateral and deterioration of specific businesses. 
 The determination of the balance of the allowance for loan losses is based on a detailed analysis of the loan portfolio and reflects an amount that, in management s judgment, is adequate to provide for probable incurred loan losses. Such analysis is based on a review of specific loans, the character of the loan portfolio, current economic conditions, risk management practices and such other factors as management believes require current recognition in estimating probable incurred loan losses. 
 37 
 
 Allocation of Allowance for Loan Losses 
 The following tables allocate the allowance for loan losses at December 31 to each loan category. The allowance has been allocated according to the amount deemed to be reasonably necessary to provide for the probable losses estimated to be incurred within the following categories of loans at the dates indicated. 

2022 

2021 

Allowance 

Percentage of loans to total loans 

Allowance 

Percentage of loans to total loans 

(Dollars in thousands) 

Commercial Agriculture 

3,011 

10.9 

2,600 

12.3 

Commercial Real Estate Owner Occupied 

4,565 

14.5 

4,464 

14.9 

Commercial Real Estate Non-Owner Occupied 

14,138 

40.0 

13,860 

41.5 

Real Estate Mortgage 

3,145 

21.7 

2,597 

21.5 

Real Estate Construction 

2,293 

9.6 

1,810 

7.9 

Farm Real Estate 

291 

1.0 

287 

1.4 

Lease financing receivables 

429 

1.5 

0 

0.0 

Consumer and Other 

98 

0.8 

176 

0.5 

Unallocated 

541 

847 

28,511 

100.0 

26,641 

100.0 

2020 

Allowance 

Percentage of loans to total loans 

(Dollars in thousands) 

Commercial Agriculture 

2,810 

19.9 

Commercial Real Estate Owner Occupied 

4,057 

13.6 

Commercial Real Estate Non-Owner Occupied 

12,451 

34.3 

Real Estate Mortgage 

2,484 

21.5 

Real Estate Construction 

2,439 

8.5 

Farm Real Estate 

338 

1.6 

Consumer and Other 

209 

0.6 

Unallocated 

240 

25,028 

100.0 

Civista measures the adequacy of the allowance for loan losses by using both specific and general components. The specific component relates to the evaluation of each loan identified as impaired. The general component consists of a pooling of commercial credits risk graded as special mention and substandard, based on portfolio experience, and general reserves, which are based on a twelve quarter loss migration analysis, adjusted for current economic factors. Loss migration rates are calculated over a twelve quarter period for all portfolio segments. Factors in the determination of the economic reserve include items such as changes in the economic and business conditions of its market, changes in lending policies and procedures, changes in loan concentrations, as well as a few others. The allowance for loan losses to total loans decreased from 1.33 in 2021 to 1.12 in 2022. The unallocated reserve of Civista decreased to 541 in 2022 from 847 in 2021. Management considers both the decrease in the unallocated reserve and the end-of-period reserve number to be insignificant and within the loan policy guidelines. 
 
 Securities available for sale increased by 55,528, or 9.9 , from 559,874 at December 31, 2021 to 615,402 at December 31, 2022. U.S. Treasury securities and obligations of U.S. government agencies increased 13,139, or 27.4 from 47,890 at December 31, 2021 to 61,029 at December 31, 2022. Obligations of states and political subdivisions available for sale increased by 18,412 from 2021 to 2022. Mortgage-backed securities increased by 23,977 to total 237,125 at December 31, 2022. The Company continues to utilize letters of credit from the Federal Home Loan Bank (FHLB) to replace maturing securities that were pledged for public entities. As of December 31, 2022, the Company was in compliance with all applicable pledging requirements. 
 
 Mortgage-backed securities totaled 237,125 at December 31, 2022 and none were considered unusual or high risk securities as defined by regulatory authorities. Of this total, 234,666 consisted of pass-through securities issued by the Federal National Mortgage Association FNMA ), Federal Home Loan Mortgage Corporation FHLMC ), and Government National Mortgage Association GNMA ), and the remaining 2,459 of these securities were collateralized by mortgage-backed securities issued or guaranteed by FNMA, FHLMC, or GNMA. The average interest rate of the mortgage-backed securities portfolio at December 31, 2022 was 2.4 . The average maturity at December 31, 2022 was approximately 8.4 years. 
 38 

Securities available for sale had a fair value at December 31, 2022 of 615,402. This fair value includes unrealized gains of approximately 819 and unrealized losses of approximately 67,768. Net unrealized losses totaled 66,949 on December 31, 2022 compared to net unrealized gains of 18,577 on December 31, 2021. The change in unrealized gains is primarily due to changes in market interest rates. Note 3 to the Consolidated Financial Statements provides additional information on unrealized gains and losses. 
 The following table sets forth the maturities of securities at December 31, 2022 and the weighted average yields of such debt securities. Maturities are reported based on stated maturities and do not reflect principal prepayment assumptions. 

Within one year 

After one but within five years 

After five but within ten years 

After ten years 

Amount 

Yield 

Amount 

Yield 

Amount 

Yield 

Amount 

Yield 

(Dollars in thousands) 

Available for Sale (2) 

U.S. Treasury securities and obligations of U.S. government agencies 

5,455 

0.53 

27,665 

1.52 

26,770 

2.18 

1,139 

2.97 

Obligations of states and political subdivisions (1) 

341 

3.02 

13,639 

3.40 

37,917 

3.20 

265,351 

2.65 

Mortgage-backed securities in government sponsored entities 

173 

2.00 

14,469 

3.33 

21,122 

2.44 

201,361 

2.53 

Total 

5,969 

0.71 

55,773 

2.45 

85,809 

2.99 

467,851 

2.58 

(1) Weighted average yields on nontaxable obligations have been computed based on actual yields stated on the security. 

(2) The weighted average yield has been computed using the historical amortized cost for available-for-sale securities. 

Premises and equipment, net of accumulated depreciation, increased 41,573 from December 31, 2021 to December 31, 2022. The increase is the result of new purchases of 6,508, offset by disposals of 183 and depreciation of 4,456. Premises and equipment, net, acquired from the acquisitions of Comunibanc Corp. and VFG totaled 4,665 and 35,039, respectively. 
 
 Goodwill increased by 48,844, from 76,851 at December 31, 2021 to 125,695 at December 31, 2022. The increase is due to the goodwill created from the acquisitions of Comunibanc Corp. and VFG. Other intangible assets increased 3,973 from year-end 2021. The increase includes 4,426 of core deposit intangibles and 419 of mortgage servicing rights from the acquisition of Comunibanc Corp. 
 
 Swap assets increased 5,507 from December 31, 2021 to December 31, 2022. The increase is primarily the result of increases in the fair value of swap assets as compared to December 31, 2021. 
 
 Bank owned life insurance (BOLI) increased 6,902 from December 31, 2021 to December 31, 2022. BOLI acquired from the merger with Comunibanc Corp. totaled 5,918. The remaining difference is the result of increases in the cash surrender value of the underlying insurance policies. 
 
 Deferred taxes increased 15,029 from December 31, 2021 to December 31, 2022. The increase is primarily the result of an increase in deferred taxes on available for sale securities of 18,017 as a result of increases in interest rates during 2022. 
 
 39 
 
 Year-end deposit balances totaled 2,619,984 in 2022 compared to 2,416,701 in 2021, an increase of 203,283, or 8.4 . This increase in deposits at December 31, 2022 compared to December 31, 2021 included increases in noninterest bearing demand deposits of 107,427, or 13.6 , savings and money market accounts of 32,590, or 3.9 , certificate of deposit accounts of 68,734, or 33.6 , and individual retirement accounts of 4,163, or 9.9 , offset by a decrease in interest bearing demand accounts of 9,631, or 1.8 . Average deposit balances for 2022 were 2,614,423 compared to 2,488,105 for 2021, an increase of 5.1 . Noninterest bearing deposits averaged 937,890 for 2022, compared to 907,591 for 2021, increasing 30,299, or 3.3 . Savings, NOW, and MMDA accounts averaged 1,423,134 for 2022 compared to 1,315,220 for 2021, increasing 107,914, or 8.2 . Average certificates of deposit decreased 11,895 to total an average balance of 253,399 for 2022. The increase in year-over-year average balances was impacted by the acquisition of an aggregate of 271,194 of deposits from the Comunibanc Corp. acquisition. 
 The average daily amount of deposits (all in domestic offices) and average rates paid on such deposits is summarized for the years indicated. 

2022 

2021 

Average balance 

Average rate paid 

Average balance 

Average rate paid 

(Dollars in thousands) 

Noninterest-bearing demand deposits 

937,890 

N/A 

907,591 

N/A 

Interest-bearing demand deposits 

544,351 

0.03 

497,067 

0.03 

Savings, including Money Market deposit accounts 

878,783 

0.15 

818,153 

0.13 

Certificates of deposit, including IRA s 

253,399 

0.95 

265,294 

1.11 

2,614,423 

2,488,105 

Uninsured deposits at December 31, 2022 and 2021 were 563,092 and 599,380, respectively. Uninsured deposits as December 31, 2022 and 2021 are based on estimates and include portions of FDIC-insured deposit accounts that exceed the insurance limit of 250,000 per separately insured depositor. 
 
 Maturities of certificates of deposits and individual retirement accounts of more than 250,000 outstanding at December 31, 2022 are summarized as follows. 

Certificates of Deposits 

Individual Retirement Accounts 

Total 

(Dollars in thousands) 

3 months or less 

129,736 

7,334 

137,070 

Over 3 through 6 months 

35,392 

7,125 

42,517 

Over 6 through 12 months 

59,322 

10,578 

69,900 

Over 12 months 

48,816 

21,042 

69,858 

273,266 

46,079 

319,345 

FHLB advances increased 322,278 from December 31, 2021 to December 31, 2022. Short-term FHLB advances increased 393,700 year over year due to an increase in over night funding. Long-term FHLB advances decreased due to the repayment in 2022 of an FHLB advance in the amount of 75,000. This advance had terms of one hundred twenty months with a fixed rate of 1.03 and was puttable. The advance was not replaced. Long-term advances acquired in the acquisition of Comunibanc Corp. totaled 21,706, of which 18,128 has been paid down. 
 
 Other borrowings increased 15,516 from December 31, 2021 to December 31, 2022. Other borrowings increased due to the assumption of an aggregate of 58,142 of borrowings from the acquisition of VFG and payoffs of 42,626. 
 
 Civista offers repurchase agreements in the form of sweep accounts to commercial checking account customers. These repurchase agreements totaled 25,143 at December 31, 2022 compared to 25,495 at December 31, 2021. U.S. Treasury securities and obligations of U.S. government agencies maintained under Civista s control are pledged as collateral for the repurchase agreements. Additional detail related to these repurchase agreements can be found in Note 12 to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 
 Swap liabilities increased 5,507 from December 31, 2021 to December 31, 2022. The increase is primarily the result of increases in the fair value of swap liabilities as compared to December 31, 2021. 
 40 

Total shareholders equity decreased 20,377, or 5.7 , during 2022 to 334,835. The change in shareholders equity resulted from the issuance of common shares as part of the consideration in the acquisitions of Comunibanc Corp. and VFG, which added 21,122 and 10,500, respectively, to shareholders equity. Shareholders' equity was also positively impacted by net income of 39,427. Additionally, 819 was recognized as stock-based compensation in 2022 in connection with the grant of restricted common shares. These increases to shareholders equity were offset by, an increase in the Company s pension liability, net of tax, of 581, a decrease in the fair value of securities available for sale, net of tax, of 67,446 and decreases due to the purchase of treasury shares and dividends on common shares of 16,887 and 8,493, respectively. For further explanation of these items, see Note 1, Note 15 and Note 16 to the Consolidated Financial Statements. The Company paid 0.56 per common share in dividends in 2022 compared to 0.52 per common share in dividends in 2021. 
 
 Total outstanding common shares at December 31, 2022 were 15,728,234, which increased from 14,954,200 common shares outstanding at December 31, 2021. Common shares outstanding increased due to the issuance of 984,723 common shares to former shareholders of Comunibanc Corp. in connection with the acquisition of Comunibanc Corp. effective July 1, 2022 and 500,293 common shares in connection with the acquisition of VFG effective October 3, 2022. Additionally, common shares outstanding was impacted by the Company s repurchase of 747,443 common shares during 2022 at an average repurchase price of 22.59. The Company repurchased 349,168 common shares pursuant to a stock repurchase program announced on May 4, 2022 and 392,847 common shares pursuant to a stock repurchase program announced on August 12, 2021. The repurchase program publicly announced on May 4, 2022 authorized the Company to repurchase a maximum aggregate value of 13,500 of the Company s common shares until May 9, 2023. The repurchase plan publicly announced on August 12, 2021 authorized the Company to repurchase a maximum aggregate value of 13,500 of the Company s common shares until August 10, 2022. An additional 5,428 common shares were surrendered by officers to the Company to pay taxes upon vesting of restricted shares and 3,411 restricted common shares were forfeited. The repurchase of common shares was offset by the grant of 31,774 restricted common shares to certain officers under the Company s 2014 Incentive Plan. In addition, 8,098 common shares were issued to Civista directors as a retainer payment for service on the Civista Board of Directors. 
 
 Results of Operations 
 
 The operating results of the Company are affected by general economic conditions, the monetary and fiscal policies of federal agencies and the regulatory policies of agencies that regulate financial institutions. The Company s cost of funds is influenced by interest rates on competing investments and general market rates of interest. Lending activities are influenced by the demand for real estate loans and other types of loans, which in turn is affected by the interest rates at which such loans are made, general economic conditions and the availability of funds for lending activities. 
 
 The Company s net income primarily depends on its net interest income, which is the difference between the interest income earned on interest-earning assets, such as loans and securities, and interest expense incurred on interest-bearing liabilities, such as deposits and borrowings. The level of net interest income is dependent on the interest rate environment and the volume and composition of interest-earning assets and interest-bearing liabilities. Net income is also affected by provisions for loan losses, service charges, gains on the sale of assets, other non-interest income, noninterest expense and income taxes. 
 
 41 
 
 Comparison of Results of Operations for the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 
 
 Net Income 
 
 The Company s net income for the year ended December 31, 2022 was 39,427, compared to 40,546 for the year ended December 31, 2021. The change in net income was the result of the items discussed in the following sections. 
 
 Net Interest Income 
 
 Net interest income for 2022 was 110,204, an increase of 14,779, or 15.5 , from 2021. From 2021 to 2022, average earning assets increased 4.5 , interest income increased 19,511, and interest expense on interest-bearing liabilities increased 4,732. The Company continually examines its rate structure to ensure that its interest rates are competitive and reflective of the current rate environment in which it competes. 
 Total interest income increased 19,511 to 121,253 for the year ended December 31, 2022, which is attributable to an increase of 13,581 in interest and fees on loans. This change was the result of an increase in the average balance of loans, accompanied by a higher yield on the portfolio. The average balance of loans increased by 172,175, or 8.5 , to 2,199,082 for the year ended December 31, 2022, as compared to 2,026,907 for the year ended December 31, 2021. The loan yield increased to 4.69 for 2022, from 4.42 in 2021. 
 Interest on taxable securities increased 3,650 to 9,123 for the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to 5,473 for the same period in 2021. The average balance of taxable securities increased 108,787 to 341,600 for the year ended December 31, 2022, as compared to 232,813 for the year ended December 31, 2021. The yield on taxable securities increased 8 basis points to 2.49 for 2022, compared to 2.41 for 2021. Interest on tax-exempt securities increased 1,609 to 7,859 for the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to 6,250 for the same period in 2021. The average balance of tax-exempt securities increased 46,195 to 263,981 for the year ended December 31, 2022 as compared to 217,786 for the year ended December 31, 2021. The yield on tax-exempt securities decreased 40 basis points to 3.56 for 2021, compared to 3.96 for 2021. 
 Total interest expense increased 4,732 or 74.9 , to 11,049 for the year ended December 31, 2022, compared with 6,317 for the same period in 2021. The increase in interest expense can be attributed to an increase in the average rate paid, accompanied by an increase in the average balance of interest-bearing liabilities. For the year ended December 31, 2022, the average balance of interest-bearing liabilities increased 181,264 to 1,918,906, as compared to 1,737,642 for the year ended December 31, 2021. Interest incurred on deposits decreased by 335 to 3,840 for the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to 4,175 for the same period in 2021. The decrease in deposit expense was due to a decrease in the average rate paid, as the average rate paid on demand and savings accounts decreased from 0.09 in 2021 to 0.01 in 2022 and the average rate paid on time deposits decreased from 1.11 to 0.95 in 2022, which was partially offset by an increase in the average balance of interest-bearing deposits of 96,019 for the year ended December 31, 2022 as compared to the same period in 2021. Interest expense incurred on FHLB advances and subordinated debentures increased 223.8 from 2021. The increase was due to an increase in the average balance of short-term FHLB balances and subordinated debentures of 66,875 and 66,956, respectively, accompanied by an increas in rates. The average balance of other borrowings increased 4,002 for the period ended December 31, 2022, as compared to the same period in 2021, as a result of the Company s acquisition of VFG. 
 
 Refer to Distribution of Assets, Liabilities and Shareholders Equity; Interest Rates and Interest Differential and Changes in Interest Income and Interest Expense Resulting from Changes in Volume and Changes in Rate on pages 46 through 48 for further analysis of the impact of changes in interest-bearing assets and liabilities on the Company s net interest income. 
 42 

Provision and Allowance for Loan Losses 
 
 The following table contains information relating to the provision for loan losses, activity in and analysis of the allowance for loan losses as of and for each of the three years in the period ended December 31. 

As of and for year ended December 31, 

2022 

2021 

2020 

Net loan charge-offs (recoveries) 

(118) 

(783) 

(149) 

Provision for loan losses charged to expense 

1,752 

830 

10,112 

Net loan charge-offs (recoveries) as a percent of average outstanding loans 

(0.01) 

(0.04) 

(0.01) 

Allowance for loan losses 

28,511 

26,641 

25,028 

Allowance for loan losses as a percent of year-end outstanding loans 

1.12 

1.33 

1.22 

Impaired loans, excluding purchase credit impaired loans (PCI) 

624 

1,222 

2,666 

Impaired loans as a percent of gross year-end loans (1) 

0.02 

0.06 

0.13 

Nonaccrual and 90 days or more past due loans, excluding PCI 

6,507 

3,673 

5,125 

Nonaccrual and 90 days or more past due loans, excluding PCI as a percent of gross year-end loans (1) 

0.26 

0.18 

0.25 

(1) Nonaccrual loans and impaired loans are defined differently. Some loans may be included in both categories, whereas other loans may only be included in one category. A loan is considered nonaccrual if it is maintained on a cash basis because of deterioration in the borrower s financial condition, where payment in full of principal or interest is not expected and where the principal and interest have been in default for 90 days, unless the asset is both well-secured and in process of collection. A loan is considered impaired when it is probable that all of the interest and principal due will not be collected according to the terms of the original contractual agreement. 

The Company s policy is to maintain the allowance for loan losses at a level sufficient to provide for probable losses incurred in the current portfolio. Management believes the analysis of the allowance for loan losses supported a reserve of 28,511 at December 31, 2022. The Company provides for loan losses through regular provisions to the allowance for loan losses as necessary. The amount of the provision is affected by loan charge-offs, recoveries and changes in specific and general allocations required for the allowance for loan losses. A number of factors impact the provisions for loan losses, such as the level of higher risk loans in the portfolio, changes in practices related to loans, changes in collateral values and other factors. We continue to actively manage this process and have provided to maintain the reserve at a level that assures adequate coverage ratios. 
 
 Provisions for loan losses totaled 1,752, 830 and 10,112 in 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. The Company s provision for loan losses increased 922 during 2022, as compared to 2021, primarily to support strong organic loan growth in the portfolio. Of this increase, 452,000 was provided to cover lease production from our VFG subsidiary since acquisition. The Bank strengthened the reserve in 2020 due to the 2020 economic shutdown and restrictions in response to the ongoing COVID-19 pandemic. While conditions improved in 2021 due to vaccinations and booster shots, ongoing challenges due to supply chain and workforce shortages slowed the process improvement. Our risk profile has steadily improved since peak levels, but we remain cautious given the impact of higher inflationary costs, rising interest rates and other pre-recessionary conditions that impact loan customers. Our Commercial and Commercial Real Estate portfolios have been, and are expected to continue to be, impacted the most. 
 
 43 
 
 Efforts are continually made to analyze each segment of the loan portfolio and quantify risk to assure that reserves are appropriate for each segment and the overall portfolio. Management specifically evaluates loans that are impaired, which includes restructured loans, to estimate potential loss. This analysis includes a review of the loss migration calculation for all loan categories as well as fluctuations and trends in various risk factors that have occurred within the portfolios economic life cycle. The analysis also includes assessment of qualitative factors such as credit trends, unemployment trends, vacancy trends and loan growth. The composition and overall level of the loan portfolio and charge-off activity are also factors used to determine the amount of the allowance for loan losses. 
 
 Management analyzes each impaired commercial and commercial real estate loan relationship with a balance of 350 or larger, on an individual basis and when it is in nonaccrual status or when an analysis of the borrower s operating results and financial condition indicates that underlying cash flows are not adequate to meet its debt service requirements. Loans held for sale and leases are excluded from consideration as impaired. Loans are generally moved to nonaccrual status when 90 days or more past due. Impaired loans or portions thereof are charged-off when deemed uncollectible. 
 
 Noninterest Income 
 
 Noninterest income decreased 2,376, or 7.6 , to 29,076 for the year ended December 31, 2022, from 31,452 for the comparable 2021 period. The decrease was primarily due to decreases in net gain on sale of securities of 1,776, net gain on sale of loans and leases of 4,645 and bank owned life insurance of 216, which were partially offset by increases in service charges of 1,169, lease revenue and residual income of 2,310 and other income of 812. 
 
 Net gain on sale of securities decreased due to the 2021 sale of VISA Class B shares, which resulted in a gain of 1,785. Net gain on sale of loans and leases decreased primarily as a result of a decrease in volume of loans sold. During the twelve-months ended December 31, 2022, 692 loans were sold, totaling 127,795. During the twelve-months ended December 31, 2021, 1,341 loans were sold, totaling 260,294. Bank owned life insurance decreased due to death benefits paid in 2021. Service charges increased due to increased account service charges and overdraft fees of 462 and 680, respectively. Lease revenue and residual income increased due to the acquisition of VFG. Other income increased due to increases in wire transfer fees, merchant credit card fees, loan servicing fees, amortization of mortgage servicing rights and rental and brokerage fee income from the acquisition of VFG. 
 
 Noninterest Expense 
 
 Noninterest expense increased 12,827, or 16.5 , to 90,493 for the year ended December 31, 2022, from 77,666 for the comparable 2021 period. The increase was primarily due to increases in compensation expense of 6,371, net occupancy expense of 488, equipment expense of 3,232, data processing expense of 1,063, professional services of 2,673, amortization expense of 406, marketing expense of 410 and software expense of 678, which was partially offset by a decrease in FDIC assessments of 450 and other operating expense of 1,960. 
 
 The increase in compensation expense was due to increased payroll, payroll taxes, employee insurance and commissions and incentives. The year-to-date average full time equivalent (FTE) employees were 480.8 at December 31, 2022, an increase of 29 FTEs over 2021 due to the acquisitions of Comunibanc Corp. and VFG. The increase in net occupancy expense was due to increases in building repairs and maintenance and building depreciation. The increase in equipment expense was due to a general increase in computer, printer, office and security equipment costs and an increase in equipment depreciation related to the acquisition of VFG. The increase in data processing expense was due to deconversion fees of 1,032 related to the acquisition of Comunibanc Corp. The increase in professional services was due to acquisition related costs of 1,718, accompanied by increases in legal and audit fees and consulting fees. The increase in amortization expense is related to the acquisition of Comunibanc Corp. Marketing expense increased due to a general increase in marketing and increased marketing efforts in newly acquired markets. Software expense increase due to a general increase in legacy software maintenance contracts and the implementation of our new digital banking. The decrease in FDIC assessments was attributable to lower assessment multipliers charged to Civista. Other operating expenses decreased due to the prepayment expense of 3,717 paid in 2021 related to the early payoff of an FHLB long-term advance, offset by increases in travel, lodging and meals, donations, stationery and supplies and bad check expense. 
 44 

Income Tax Expense 
 
 Income tax expense was 7,608 in 2022 compared to 7,835 in 2021. Income tax expense as a percentage of pre-tax income was 16.2 in 2022 compared to 16.2 in 2021. A lower federal effective tax rate than the statutory rate of 21 in 2022 and 2021 is primarily due to tax-exempt interest income from state and municipal investments, municipal loans, income from BOLI and low income housing credits. 
 
 Comparison of Results of Operations for the Years Ended December 31, 2021 and December 31, 2020 
 
 A discussion regarding our financial condition and results of operations for the year ended December 31, 2021 and year-to-year comparisons between 2021 and 2020, which are not included in this Form 10-K, can be found under Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations in Part II, Item 7 of the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2021 and are incorporated by reference herein. 
 45 
 
 Changes in Interest Income and Interest Expense 
 Resulting from Changes in Volume and Changes in Rate 
 The following table sets forth, for the periods indicated, a summary of the changes in interest income and interest expense resulting from changes in volume and changes in rate (Amounts in thousands): 

Increase (decrease) due to: 

Volume (1) 

Rate (1) 

Net 

2022 compared to 2021 

Interest income: 

Loans 

7,880 

5,701 

13,581 

Taxable securities 

3,438 

212 

3,650 

Nontaxable securities 

2,275 

(666) 

1,609 

Interest-bearing deposits in other banks 

(393) 

1,064 

671 

Total interest income 

13,200 

6,311 

19,511 

Interest expense: 

Savings and interest-bearing demand accounts 

104 

119 

223 

Certificates of deposit 

(128) 

(430) 

(558) 

Short-term Federal Home Loan Bank advances 

2,566 

2,566 

Long-term Federal Home Loan Bank advances 

(556) 

(97) 

(653) 

Securities sold under repurchase agreements 

(3) 

(9) 

(12) 

Federal funds purchased 

5 

5 

Other borrowings 

335 

335 

Subordinated debentures 

2,313 

513 

2,826 

Total interest expense 

4,631 

101 

4,732 

Net interest income 

8,569 

6,210 

14,779 

2021 compared to 2020 

Interest income: 

Loans 

3,262 

(1,469) 

1,793 

Taxable securities 

1,360 

(1,246) 

114 

Nontaxable securities 

439 

(312) 

127 

Interest-bearing deposits in other banks 

422 

(579) 

(157) 

Total interest income 

5,483 

(3,606) 

1,877 

Interest expense: 

Savings and interest-bearing demand accounts 

382 

(976) 

(594) 

Certificates of deposit 

(377) 

(1,735) 

(2,112) 

Short-term Federal Home Loan Bank advances 

(134) 

0 

(134) 

Long-term Federal Home Loan Bank advances 

(405) 

(230) 

(635) 

Securities sold under repurchase agreements 

2 

(4) 

(2) 

Federal funds purchased 

(1) 

1 

Other borrowings 

(354) 

(354) 

Subordinated debentures 

187 

(177) 

10 

Total interest expense 

(700) 

(3,121) 

(3,821) 

Net interest income 

6,183 

(485) 

5,698 

(1) The change in interest income and interest expense due to changes in both volume and rate, which cannot be segregated, has been allocated proportionately to the change due to volume and the change due to rate. 

46 
 
 Distribution of Assets, Liabilities and Shareholders Equity; 
 Interest Rates and Interest Differential 
 The following table sets forth, for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, the distribution of assets, including interest amounts and average rates of major categories of interest-earning assets and noninterest-earning assets (Amounts in thousands): 

2022 

2021 

2020 

Assets 
 
 Average balance 

Interest 

Yield/ rate 

Average balance 

Interest 

Yield/ rate 

Average balance 

Interest 

Yield/ rate 

Interest-earning assets: 

Loans (1)(2)(3)(5) 

2,199,082 

103,151 

4.69 

2,026,907 

89,570 

4.42 

1,953,472 

87,777 

4.49 

Taxable securities (4) 

341,600 

9,123 

2.49 

232,813 

5,473 

2.41 

183,721 

5,359 

3.03 

Non-taxable securities (4)(5) 

263,981 

7,859 

3.56 

217,786 

6,250 

3.96 

202,982 

6,123 

4.15 

Interest-bearing deposits in other banks 

146,849 

1,120 

0.76 

347,573 

449 

0.13 

155,960 

606 

0.39 

Total interest earning assets 

2,951,512 

121,253 

4.12 

2,825,079 

101,742 

3.69 

2,496,135 

99,865 

4.10 

Noninterest-earning assets: 

Cash and due from financial institutions 

84,777 

35,404 

77,848 

Premises and equipment, net 

34,577 

22,617 

22,831 

Accrued interest receivable 

8,650 

8,010 

9,043 

Intangible assets 

96,492 

84,747 

84,953 

Other assets 

50,765 

37,378 

37,675 

Bank owned life insurance 

50,076 

46,435 

45,454 

Less allowance for loan losses 

(27,721) 

(26,366) 

(19,231) 

Total 

3,249,128 

3,033,304 

2,754,708 

(1) For purposes of these computations, the daily average loan amounts outstanding are net of unearned income and include loans held for sale. 

(2) Included in loan interest income are loan fees of 2,024 in 2022, 1,661 in 2021 and 1,025 in 2020. 

(3) Non-accrual loans are included in loan totals and do not have a material impact on the analysis presented. 

(4) Average balance is computed using the carrying value of securities. The average yield has been computed using the historical amortized cost average balance for available for sale securities. 

(5) Yield/Rate is calculated using the tax-equivalent adjustment of 21 for 2022, 2021 and 2020. 

47 
 
 Distribution of Assets, Liabilities and Shareholders Equity; 
 Interest Rates and Interest Differential (Continued) 
 The following table sets forth, for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, the distribution of liabilities, including interest amounts and average rates of major categories of interest-bearing liabilities and shareholders equity (Amounts in thousands): 

2022 

2021 

2020 

Liabilities and Shareholders Equity 
 
 Average balance 

Interest 

Yield/ rate 

Average balance 

Interest 

Yield/ rate 

Average balance 

Interest 

Yield/ rate 

Interest-bearing liabilities: 

Savings and interest-bearing demand accounts 

1,423,134 

1,442 

0.01 

1,315,220 

1,219 

0.09 

1,050,544 

1,813 

0.17 

Certificates of deposit 

253,399 

2,398 

0.95 

265,294 

2,956 

1.11 

288,262 

5,068 

1.76 

Short-term Federal Home Loan Bank advances 

66,875 

2,566 

3.84 

8,151 

134 

1.64 

Long-term Federal Home Loan Bank advances 

45,325 

510 

1.13 

94,041 

1,163 

1.24 

125,000 

1,798 

1.44 

Other borrowings 

4,002 

335 

8.37 

101,295 

354 

0.35 

Securities sold under repurchase agreements 

22,293 

11 

0.05 

26,165 

23 

0.09 

24,390 

25 

0.10 

Federal funds purchased 

137 

6 

4.38 

137 

1 

0.73 

288 

1 

0.35 

Subordinated debentures 

103,741 

3,781 

3.64 

36,785 

955 

2.66 

29,427 

945 

3.21 

Total interest-bearing liabilities 

1,918,906 

11,049 

0.58 

1,737,642 

6,317 

0.36 

1,627,357 

10,138 

0.62 

Noninterest-bearing liabilities: 

Demand deposits 

937,890 

907,591 

739,648 

Other liabilities 

76,189 

38,868 

51,242 

1,014,079 

946,459 

790,890 

Shareholders equity 

316,143 

349,203 

336,461 

Total 

3,249,128 

3,033,304 

2,754,708 

Net interest income and interest rate spread (1) 

110,204 

3.54 

95,425 

3.33 

89,727 

3.48 

Net interest margin (2) 

3.75 

3.47 

3.70 

(1) Interest rate spread is calculated by subtracting the rate on average interest-bearing liabilities from the yield on average interest-earning assets. 

(2) Net interest margin is calculated by dividing tax-equivalent adjusted net interest income by average interest-earning assets. 

48 
 
 Liquidity and Capital Resources 
 Civista maintains a conservative liquidity position. All securities are classified as available for sale. At December 31, 2022, securities with maturities of one year or less totaled 5,796, or 0.9 of the total securities portfolio. The available for sale portfolio helps to provide Civista with the ability to meet its funding needs. The Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows contained in the Consolidated Financial Statements detail the Company s cash flows from operating activities resulting from net earnings. 
 Net cash provided by operating activities for 2022, 2021 and 2020 was 25,183, 40,761, and 32,654, respectively. The primary additions to cash from operating activities are from net income, adjusted for amortization of intangible assets, amortization of securities net of accretion, the provision for loan losses, depreciation and proceeds from sale of loans. The primary use of cash from operating activities is from loans originated for sale. Net cash used for investing activities was 410,364, 130,496, and 340,982 in 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively, principally reflecting our loan and investment security activities. Deposits and borrowings comprised most of our financing activities, which resulted in net cash provided of 164,303, 216,925, and 398,802 for 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 Future loan demand of Civista can be funded by increases in deposit accounts, proceeds from payments on existing loans, the maturity of securities and the sale of securities classified as available for sale. Additional sources of funds may also come from borrowing in the Federal Funds market and/or borrowing from the FHLB. As of December 31, 2022, Civista had total credit availability with the FHLB of 829,458, of which 454,788 was outstanding, including standby letters of credit of 57,510. 
 On a separate entity basis, CBI s primary source of funds is dividends paid by its subsidiaries, primarily by Civista. Generally, subject to applicable minimum capital requirements, Civista may declare and pay a dividend without the approval of the Federal Reserve Bank of Cleveland (the Federal Reserve Bank and the State of Ohio Department of Commerce, Division of Financial Institutions, provided the total dividends in a calendar year do not exceed the total of its profits for that year combined with its retained profits for the two preceding years. At December 31, 2022, Civista was able to pay approximately 55,501 of dividends to CBI without obtaining regulatory approval. During 2022, Civista paid dividends totaling 26,300 to CBI. This represented approximately 61 percent of Civista s earnings for the year. 
 The Company manages its liquidity and capital through quarterly Asset/Liability Management Committee (ALCO) meetings. The ALCO discusses issues like those in the above paragraphs as well as others that may affect the future liquidity and capital position of the Company. The ALCO also examines interest rate risk and the effect that changes in rates will have on the Company. For more information about interest rate risk, please refer to Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk section below. 
 Capital Adequacy 
 Shareholders equity totaled 334,835 at December 31, 2022 compared to 355,212 at December 31, 2021. The decrease in shareholders equity resulted primarily from a 581 net increase in the Company s pension liability and a decrease in the fair value of securities available for sale, net of tax, of 67,446, together with dividends on common shares of 8,493 and repurchase of common shares totaling 16,887 during 2022 pursuant to the Company s publicly-announced share purchase programs. The foregoing decreases to shareholders equity were partially offset by net income of 39,427. 
 During the first quarter of 2015, the Company adopted the new BASEL III regulatory capital framework as approved by the federal banking agencies. In addition to the other required capital ratios, the BASEL III rules also require the Company to maintain minimum amounts and ratios of Common Equity Tier 1 CET1 capital to risk-weighted assets (as these terms are defined in the BASEL III rules). Under the BASEL III rules, the Company elected to opt-out of including accumulated other comprehensive income in regulatory capital. All of the Company s capital ratios exceeded the regulatory minimum guidelines as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 as identified in the following table: 

Total Risk Based Capital 

Tier I Risk Based Capital 

CET1 Risk Based Capital 

Leverage Ratio 

Company Ratios December 31, 2022 

14.5 

10.8 

9.7 

8.9 

Company Ratios December 31, 2021 

19.2 

14.3 

12.9 

10.2 

For Capital Adequacy Purposes 

8.0 

6.0 

4.5 

4.0 

To Be Well Capitalized Under Prompt Corrective Action Provisions 

10.0 

8.0 

6.5 

5.0 

49 
 
 Common equity for the CET1 risk-based capital ratio includes common stock (plus related surplus) and retained earnings, plus limited amounts of minority interests in the form of common stock, less the majority of certain regulatory deductions. 
 Tier 1 capital includes common equity as defined for the CET1 risk-based capital ratio, plus certain non-cumulative preferred stock and related surplus, cumulative preferred stock and related surplus and trust preferred securities that have been grandfathered (but which are not permitted going forward), and limited amounts of minority interests in the form of additional Tier 1 capital instruments, less certain deductions. 
 Tier 2 capital, which can be included in the total capital ratio, includes certain capital instruments (such as subordinated debt) and limited amounts of the allowance for loan and lease losses, subject to new eligibility criteria, less applicable deductions. 
 The deductions from CET1 capital include goodwill and other intangibles, certain deferred tax assets, mortgage-servicing assets above certain levels, gains on sale in connection with a securitization, investments in a banking organization s own capital instruments and investments in the capital of unconsolidated financial institutions (above certain levels). These deductions were phased in from 2015 through 2019. 
 Under applicable regulatory guidelines, capital is compared to the relative risk related to the balance sheet. To derive the risk included in the balance sheet, one of several risk weights is applied to different balance sheet and off-balance sheet assets, primarily based on the relative credit risk of the counterparty. The capital amounts and classification are also subject to qualitative judgments by the regulators about components, risk weightings and other factors. 
 The BASEL III regulatory capital rules and regulations also place restrictions on the payment of capital distributions, including dividends, and certain discretionary bonus payments to executive officers if the company does not hold a capital conservation buffer of greater than 2.5 percent composed of CET1 capital above its minimum risk-based capital requirements, or if its eligible retained income is negative in that quarter and its capital conservation buffer ratio was less than 2.5 percent at the beginning of the quarter. The capital conservation buffer began to phase in starting on January 1, 2016, at 0.625 , and was fully phased in effective January 1, 2019, at 2.5 . The implementation of Basel III did not have a material impact on CBI s or Civista s capital ratios. 
 Effects of Inflation 
 The Company s balance sheet is typical of financial institutions and reflects a net positive monetary position whereby monetary assets exceed monetary liabilities. Monetary assets and liabilities are those which can be converted to a fixed number of dollars and include cash assets, securities, loans, money market instruments, deposits and borrowed funds. 
 During periods of inflation, a net positive monetary position may result in an overall decline in purchasing power of an entity. However, no clear evidence exists of a relationship between the purchasing power of an entity s net positive monetary position and its future earnings. Moreover, the Company s ability to preserve the purchasing power of its net positive monetary position will be partly influenced by the effectiveness of its asset/liability management program. As part of the asset/liability management process, management reviews and monitors information and projections on inflation as published by the Federal Reserve Board and other sources. This information speaks to inflation as determined by its impact on consumer prices and also the correlation of inflation and interest rates. This information is but one component in an asset/liability management process designed to limit the impact of inflation on the Company. Management does not believe that the effect of inflation on its nonmonetary assets (primarily bank premises and equipment) is material as such assets are not held for resale and significant disposals are not anticipated. 
 Fair Value of Financial Instruments 
 The Company has disclosed the fair value of its financial instruments at December 31, 2022 and 2021 in Note 17 to the Consolidated Financial Statements. The fair value of loans at December 31, 2022 was 85.8 of the carrying value compared to 98.7 at December 31, 2021. The fair value of deposits at December 31, 2022 was 100.0 of the carrying value compared to 100.0 at December 31, 2021. Changes in fair value were primarily due to changes in the discount values used to measure fair value. 
 
 50 
 
 Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitat ive Disclosures About Market Risk 
 The Company s primary market risk exposure is interest-rate risk and, to a lesser extent, liquidity risk. All of the Company s transactions are denominated in U.S. dollars with no specific foreign exchange exposure. 
 Interest-rate risk is the exposure of a banking organization s financial condition to adverse movements in interest rates. Accepting this risk can be an important source of profitability and shareholder value. However, excessive levels of interest-rate risk can pose a significant threat to the Company s earnings and capital base. Accordingly, effective risk management that maintains interest-rate risk at prudent levels is essential to the Company s safety and soundness. 
 Evaluating a financial institution s exposure to changes in interest rates includes assessing both the adequacy of the management process used to control interest-rate risk and the organization s quantitative level of exposure. When assessing the interest-rate risk management process, the Company seeks to ensure that appropriate policies, procedures, management information systems and internal controls are in place to maintain interest-rate risk at prudent levels with consistency and continuity. Evaluating the quantitative level of interest rate risk exposure requires the Company to assess the existing and potential future effects of changes in interest rates on its consolidated financial condition, including capital adequacy, earnings, liquidity and, where appropriate, asset quality. 
 The Federal Reserve Board, together with the Office of the Comptroller of the Currency and the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation, adopted a Joint Agency Policy Statement on interest-rate risk, effective June 26, 1996. The policy statement provides guidance to examiners and bankers on sound practices for managing interest-rate risk, which will form the basis for ongoing evaluation of the adequacy of interest-rate risk management at supervised institutions. The policy statement also outlines fundamental elements of sound management that have been identified in prior Federal Reserve guidance and discusses the importance of these elements in the context of managing interest-rate risk. Specifically, the guidance emphasizes the need for active board of director and senior management oversight and a comprehensive risk-management process that effectively identifies, measures, and controls interest-rate risk. Financial institutions derive their income primarily from the excess of interest collected over interest paid. The rates of interest an institution earns on its assets and owes on its liabilities generally are established contractually for a period of time. Since market interest rates change over time, an institution is exposed to lower profit margins (or losses) if it cannot adapt to interest-rate changes. For example, assume that an institution s assets carry intermediate- or long-term fixed rates and that those assets were funded with short-term liabilities. If market interest rates rise by the time the short-term liabilities must be refinanced, the increase in the institution s interest expense on its liabilities may not be sufficiently offset if assets continue to earn at the long-term fixed rates. Accordingly, an institution s profits could decrease on existing assets because the institution will have either lower net interest income or, possibly, net interest expense. Similar risks exist when assets are subject to contractual interest-rate ceilings, or rate sensitive assets are funded by longer-term, fixed-rate liabilities in a decreasing-rate environment. 
 Several techniques may be used by an institution to minimize interest-rate risk. One approach used by the Company is to periodically analyze its assets and liabilities and make future financing and investment decisions based on payment streams, interest rates, contractual maturities, and estimated sensitivity to actual or potential changes in market interest rates. Such activities fall under the broad definition of asset/liability management. The Company s primary asset/liability management technique is the measurement of the Company s asset/liability gap, that is, the difference between the cash flow amounts of interest sensitive assets and liabilities that will be refinanced (or repriced) during a given period. For example, if the asset amount to be repriced exceeds the corresponding liability amount for a certain day, month, year, or longer period, the institution is in an asset sensitive gap position. In this situation, net interest income would increase if market interest rates rose or decrease if market interest rates fell. 
 If, alternatively, more liabilities than assets will reprice, the institution is in a liability sensitive position. Accordingly, net interest income would decline when rates rose and increase when rates fell. Also, these examples assume that interest rate changes for assets and liabilities are of the same magnitude, whereas actual interest rate changes generally differ in magnitude for assets and liabilities. 
 Several ways an institution can manage interest-rate risk include selling existing assets or repaying certain liabilities and matching repricing periods for new assets and liabilities, for example, by shortening terms of new loans or securities. Financial institutions are also subject to prepayment risk in falling rate environments. For example, mortgage loans and other financial assets may be prepaid by a debtor so that the debtor may refinance its obligations at new, lower rates. The Company does not have significant derivative financial instruments and does not intend to purchase a significant amount of such instruments in the near future. Prepayments of assets carrying higher rates reduce the Company s interest income and overall asset yields. A large portion of an institution s liabilities may be short term or due on demand, while most of its assets may be invested in long term loans or securities. Accordingly, the Company seeks to have in place sources of cash to meet short-term demands. These funds can be obtained by increasing deposits, borrowing, or selling assets. Also, FHLB advances and wholesale borrowings may be used as important sources of liquidity for the Company. 
 51 
 
 The following table provides information about the Company s financial instruments that were sensitive to changes in interest rates as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, based on certain prepayment and account decay assumptions that management believes are reasonable. Although the Company had derivative financial instruments as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the changes in fair value of the assets and liabilities of the underlying contracts offset each other. For more information about derivative financial instruments see Note 22 to the Consolidated Financial Statements. Expected maturity date values for interest-bearing core deposits were calculated based on estimates of the period over which the deposits would be outstanding. The Company s borrowings were tabulated by contractual maturity dates and without regard to any conversion or repricing dates. 
 Net Portfolio Value 

December 31, 2022 

December 31, 2021 

Change in Rates 
 
 Dollar Amount 

Dollar Change 

Percent Change 

Dollar Amount 

Dollar Change 

Percent Change 

+200bp 

571,328 

14,733 

3 

531,385 

44,276 

9 

+100bp 

566,596 

10,001 

2 

521,707 

34,598 

7 

Base 

556,595 

487,109 

-100bp 

548,575 

(8,020) 

(1) 

495,963 

8,854 

2 

-200bp 

526,702 

(29,893) 

(5) 

548,326 

61,217 

13 

The change in net portfolio value from December 31, 2021 to December 31, 2022, can be attributed to a couple of factors. The yield curve has risen and inverted compared to the end of 2021, and both the volume and mix of assets and funding sources has changed. The volume of cash has decreased, and the mix has shifted toward loans. The loan portfolio increased due to growth and acquisition, but the market value of loans has decreased due to market rate increases, tempering the increase due to growth. The volume non-maturing deposits has increased due to acquisition, but the market value has decreased. The volume and mix shifts from the end of 2021 led to an increase in the base value, but this was partially offset due to market rate changes. Beyond the change in the base level of net portfolio value, projected movements in rates, up or down, would also lead to changes in market values. The change in the rates up scenarios for both the 100 and 200 basis point movements would lead to a larger decrease in the market value of liabilities than assets. Accordingly, we see an increase in the net portfolio value. The change in the rates down scenario for both the 100 and 200 basis point movements would lead to a larger increase in the market value of liabilities than assets, leading to a decrease in the net portfolio value. 
 Critical Accounting Policies 
 Allowance for Loan Losses: The allowance for loan losses is regularly reviewed by management to determine that the amount is considered adequate to absorb probable losses in the loan portfolio. If not, an additional provision is made to increase the allowance. This evaluation includes specific loss estimates on certain individually reviewed impaired loans, the pooling of commercial credits risk graded as special mention and substandard that are not individually analyzed, and general loss estimates that are based upon the size, quality, and concentration characteristics of the various loan portfolios, adverse situations that may affect a borrower s ability to repay, and current economic and industry conditions, among other items. 
 Those judgments and assumptions that are most critical to the application of this accounting policy are assessing the initial and on-going credit-worthiness of the borrower, the amount and timing of future cash flows of the borrower that are available for repayment of the loan, the sufficiency of underlying collateral, the enforceability of third-party guarantees, the frequency and subjectivity of loan reviews and risk ratings, emerging or changing trends that might not be fully captured in the historical loss experience, and charges against the allowance for actual losses that are greater than previously estimated. These judgments and assumptions are dependent upon or can be influenced by a variety of factors, including the breadth and depth of experience of lending officers, credit administration and the corporate loan review staff that periodically review the status of the loan, changing economic and industry conditions, changes in the financial condition of the borrower and changes in the value and availability of the underlying collateral and guarantees. 
 Note 1 and Note 5 to the Consolidated Financial Statements provide additional information regarding the Allowance for Loan Losses. 
 52 
 
 Goodwill: The Company accounts for business combinations using the acquisition method of accounting. Accordingly, the identifiable assets acquired and the liabilities assumed are recorded at their estimated fair values as of the date of acquisition with any excess of the cost of the acquisition over the fair value recorded as goodwill. The Company performs an evaluation of goodwill for impairment on an annual basis, or more frequently if events or changes in circumstances indicate that the asset might be impaired. The evaluation for impairment involves comparing the current estimated fair value of the Company to its carrying value. If the current estimated fair value exceeds the carrying value, no additional testing is required and an impairment loss is not recorded. If the estimated fair value is less than the carrying value, further valuation procedures are performed that could result in impairment of goodwill being recorded. Management estimated the fair value of the Reporting Unit as of the measurement date utilizing four valuation approaches: the comparable transactions approach, the control premium approach, the public market peers control premium approach and the discounted cash flow approach. These approaches were all considered in reaching a conclusion on fair value. The estimated fair value of the Reporting Unit was then compared to the current carrying value to determine if impairment had occurred. It is our opinion that, as of the November 30, 2022 measurement date, the aggregate fair value of the Reporting Unit exceeds the carrying value of the Reporting Unit. Therefore management concluded that goodwill was not impaired and made no adjustment in 2022. 
 Income Taxes: Management s determination of the realization of net deferred tax assets is based upon management s judgment of various future events and uncertainties, including the timing and amount of future income, as well as the implementation of various tax planning strategies to maximize realization of the deferred tax assets. A valuation allowance is provided when it is more likely than not that some portion of the deferred tax asset will not be realized. 
 Management analyzes material tax positions taken in any income tax return for any tax jurisdiction and determines the likelihood of the positions being sustained in a tax examination. A tax position is recognized as a benefit only if it is more likely than not that the tax position would be sustained in a tax examination, with a tax examination being presumed to occur. The amount recognized is the largest amount of tax benefit that is greater than 50 likely of being realized on examination. For tax positions not meeting the more likely than not test, no tax benefit is recorded. 
 Other-Than-Temporary Impairment of Investment Securities: The Company performs a quarterly valuation to determine if a decline in the value of an investment security is other than temporary. Although the term other than temporary is not intended to indicate that the decline is permanent, it does indicate that the prospects for a near-term recovery of value are not necessarily favorable, or that there is lack of evidence to support fair values equal to or greater than the carrying value of the investment. Once a decline in value is determined to be other than temporary, the value of the security is reduced and a corresponding charge to earnings is recognized. Management utilizes criteria such as the magnitude and duration of the decline, in addition to the reasons underlying the decline, to determine whether the loss in value is other than temporary. 
 Pension Benefits: Pension costs and liabilities are dependent on assumptions used in calculating such amounts. These assumptions include discount rates, benefits earned, interest costs, expected return on plan assets, mortality rates, and other factors. In accordance with GAAP, actual results that differ from the assumptions are accumulated and amortized over future periods and, therefore, generally affect recognized expense and the recorded obligation of future periods. While management believes that the assumptions used are appropriate, differences in actual experience or changes in assumptions may affect the Company s pension obligations and future expense. Our pension benefits are described further in Note 15 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 Derivative Financial Instruments : In the ordinary course of business, the Company enters into derivative financial instruments in connection with its asset/liability management activities and to accommodate the needs of its customers. Derivative financial instruments are stated at fair value on the Consolidated Statement of Conditions with changes in fair value reposted in current earnings. 
 53 
 
 Item 8. Financial Statements an d Supplementary Financial Data 
 CIVISTA BANCSHARES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Index to Consolidated Financial Statements 

Management s Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 55 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID:686) 
 56 

Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 64 

Consolidated Statements of Operations for the Years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 
 65 

Consolidated Statements of Changes in Shareholders Equity for the Years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 
 67 

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the Years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 
 68 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 70 

54 
 
 Management s Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 We, as management of Civista Bancshares, Inc., are responsible for establishing and maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting that is designed to produce reliable financial statements in conformity with United States generally accepted accounting principles. The system of internal control over financial reporting as it relates to the financial statements is evaluated for effectiveness by management and tested for reliability through a program of internal audits. Actions are taken to correct potential deficiencies as they are identified. Any system of internal control, no matter how well designed, has inherent limitations, including the possibility that a control can be circumvented or overridden and misstatements due to error or fraud may occur and not be detected. Also, because of changes in conditions, internal control effectiveness may vary over time. Accordingly, even an effective system of internal control will provide only reasonable assurance with respect to financial statement preparation. 
 As permitted by guidance provided by the Staff of U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission, the scope of management s assessment of internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, has excluded Comunibanc Corp. Comunibanc acquired on July 1, 2022 and Vision Financial Group VFG ), acquired on October 3, 2022. Comunibanc represented 2.68 and 6.41 of consolidated revenue (total interest income and total noninterest income) and consolidated assets, respectively, as of December 31, 2022. VFG represented 3.90 and 3.76 of consolidated revenue (total interest income and total noninterest income) and consolidated assets, respectively, as of December 31, 2022. 
 Management assessed the Company s system of internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, in relation to criteria for effective internal control over financial reporting as described in 2013 Internal Control Integrated Framework, issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. Based on this assessment, management concludes that, as of December 31, 2022 , its system of internal control over financial reporting is effective and meets the criteria of the 2013 Internal Control Integrated Framework . , independent registered public accounting firm, has issued an audit report on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022. 
 Management is responsible for compliance with the federal and state laws and regulations concerning dividend restrictions and federal laws and regulations concerning loans to insiders designated by the FDIC as safety and soundness laws and regulations. Management has assessed compliance by the Company with the designated laws and regulations relating to safety and soundness. Based on the assessment, management believes that the Company complied, in all significant respects, with the designated laws and regulations related to safety and soundness for the year ended December 31, 2022. 

Dennis G. Shaffer 
 
 Todd A. Michel 

President and Chief Executive Officer 
 
 Senior Vice President, Controller 

Sandusky, Ohio 

March 15, 2023 

55 
 
 REPORT OF INDEPE NDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 
 
 To the Shareholders, Board of Directors and Audit Committee 
 Civista Bancshares, Inc. 
 Sandusky, Ohio 
 
 Opinion on the Consolidated Financial Statements 
 We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Civista Bancshares, Inc. (the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the related consolidated statements of operations, shareholders equity, and cash flows 9 for the years then ended, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the financial statements ). In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements referred to above present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for the years then ended, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 
 We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) PCAOB ), the Company s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission and our report dated March 15, 2023, expressed an unqualified opinion thereon. 
 Basis for Opinion 
 These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s financial statements based on our audits. 
 We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audits to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. 
 Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures include examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 Critical Audit Matters 12F 
 The critical audit matters communicated below are matters arising from the current-period audit of the financial statements that were communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that: (1) relate to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of critical audit matters does not alter in any way our opinion on the financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matters below, providing separate opinions on the critical audit matters or on the accounts or disclosures to which they relate. 
 Allowance for Loan Losses 
 As described in Notes 1 and 5 to the consolidated financial statements, the Company s consolidated allowance for loan losses (ALL) was 28.5 million at December 31, 2022. The Company describes in Note 1 of the consolidated financial statements the Allowance for Loan Losses accounting policy around this estimate. The ALL is an estimate of losses inherent in the loan portfolio. The determination of the reserve requires significant judgment reflecting the Company s best estimate of probable loan losses. 
 The allowance for loan losses is established through a provision for loan losses charged to expense. Loans are charged against the allowance for loan losses when management believes that the collectability of the principal is unlikely. Subsequent recoveries, if any, are credited to the allowance. 
 56 
 
 Current methodology used by management to estimate the allowance for loan losses takes into consideration such factors as changes in the nature and volume of the loan portfolio, overall portfolio quality, review of specific problem loans, historic categorical trends, current delinquency levels as related to historical levels, portfolio growth rates, changes in composition of the portfolio, the current economic environment, as well as current allowance adequacy in relation to the portfolio. The Company considers all of these factors prior to making any adjustments to the allowance due to the subjectivity involved in allocation methodology. This evaluation is inherently subjective as it requires estimates that are susceptible to significant revision as more information becomes available. 
 The primary reason for our determination that the allowance for loan losses is a critical audit matter is that auditing the estimated allowance for loan losses involved significant judgment and complex review. There is a high degree of subjectivity in evaluating management s estimate, such as evaluating management s assessment of economic conditions and other environmental factors on the loan portfolio, evaluating the adequacy of specific allowances associated with impaired loans and assessing the appropriateness of loan grades. 
 Our audit procedures related to the estimated allowance for loan losses included: 
 Evaluated and tested the design and operating effectiveness of related controls over the reliability and accuracy of data used to calculate and tested management s estimate of various components of the ALL including: 

o Classification of loans by segment 

o Historical loss data and loss rates 

o Establishment of qualitative adjustments 

o Grading and risk classification 

o Establishment of specific reserves on impaired loans\ 

Testing the clerical and computational accuracy of the formulas and information utilized within the ALL model 

Evaluating the qualitative and environmental adjustment to the historical loss rates, including assessing the basis for the adjustments and the reasonableness of the significant assumptions 

Evaluating the relevance and reliability of data and assumptions 

Testing of the loan review function and the accuracy of how loan grades are determined. Specifically, evaluating the appropriateness of loan grades and to assess the reasonableness of specific impairments on loans 

Evaluating the overall reasonableness of qualitative factors and the appropriateness of their direction and magnitude and the Company s support for the direction and magnitude compared to previous years 

Evaluating credit quality indicators such as trends in delinquencies, nonaccruals, and charge-offs. 

Evaluating the adequacy of disclosures in the consolidated financial statements. 

Mergers and Acquisitions 
 As described in Note 2 to the consolidated financial statements, the Company consummated the acquisitions of two companies during the year ended December 31, 2022. As part of the acquisitions consummated during the year, management determined that each acquisition qualified as a business and accordingly all identifiable assets and liabilities acquired were measured at fair value as of acquisition date. The identification and valuation of such acquired assets and assumed liabilities requires management to exercise significant judgment to estimate the fair value allocations. 
 We identified the consummated acquisitions and the valuation of acquired assets and assumed liabilities as a critical audit matter. Auditing the acquired balance sheets and acquisition related considerations involved a high degree of subjectivity in evaluating management's estimate of fair value, purchase price allocations and assessing the appropriateness of assumptions and methodologies utilized in determining fair value. 
 57 
 
 The primary procedures we performed to address this critical audit matter included: 
 Obtaining and reviewing executed Plan and Agreement of Merger documents to gain an understanding of the underlying terms of the consummated acquisitions 

Testing the design effectiveness of management s acquisition controls to gain an understanding of cut-off procedures performed and identification of acquired assets and liabilities 

Testing management s purchase accounting documentation focusing on the completeness and accuracy of the assets and liabilities assumed and related fair value purchase price allocations made to identified assets and liabilities 

Challenging management s analysis of the appropriateness of the fair valuation estimates allocated to assets acquired and liabilities assumed; including but not limited to, testing all critical inputs, assumptions applied, and valuation models utilized 

Utilization of firm valuation specialists to assist with testing the related fair value purchase price allocations made to identified assets acquired and liabilities assumed 

Reviewing and evaluating the adequacy of disclosures related to the acquisitions 

We have served as the Company s auditor since 2021. 
 
 FORVIS, LLP (Formerly, BKD, LLP) 
 
 March 15, 2023 
 58 
 
 REPORT OF INDEPENDENT RE GISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 
 
 To the Shareholders, Board of Directors and Audit Committee 
 Civista Bancshares, Inc. 
 Sandusky, Ohio 
 
 Opinion on the Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 We have audited Civista Bancshares, Inc. s (the Company internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework: (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO). In our opinion, the Company maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework: (2013) issued by COSO. 
 We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) PCAOB ), the consolidated financial statements of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and for the years then ended, and our report dated March 15, 2023, expressed an unqualified opinion on those financial statements. 
 Basis for Opinion 
 The Company s management is responsible for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting, included in the accompanying Management s Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting . Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s internal control over financial reporting based on our audit. 
 We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. Our audit included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, and testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk. Our audit also included performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 As described in Management s Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting , the scope of management s assessment of internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, has excluded Comunibanc Corp. and Vision Financial Group, Inc. acquired on July 1, 2022 and October 3, 2022, respectively. We have also excluded Comunibanc Corp. and Vision Financial Group, Inc. from the scope of our audit of internal control over financial reporting. Comunibanc Corp. and Vision Financial Group, Inc. represented 7 percent of consolidated revenues for the year ended December 31, 2022 and 10 percent of consolidated total assets as of December 31, 2022. F 
 59 
 
 Definitions and Limitations of Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 A company s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of reliable financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 
 Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 

FORVIS, LLP (Formerly, BKD, LLP) 
 Cincinnati, Ohio 
 March 15, 2023 
 60 
 
 REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 
 
 To the Shareholders and the Board of Directors of Civista Bancshares, Inc. 
 
 Opinion on the Financial Statements 
 
 We have audited the accompanying consolidated statements of operations, comprehensive income, changes in shareholders equity, and cash flows of Civista Bancshares, Inc. and subsidiaries (the Company for the year ended December 31, 2020, and the related notes (collectively, the financial statements). In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the consolidated results of operations and cash flows of the Company for the year ended December 31, 2020, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 
 
 Basis for Opinion 
 
 These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company smanagement. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company sfinancial statements based on our audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent, with respect to the Company, in accordance with U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 
 Weconducted our auditin accordance with the standardsof the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. 
 
 Our audit included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosuresin the financial statements. Our audit also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 
 We served as the Company s auditor from 2009 to 2020 

S.R. Snodgrass, P.C. 
 Cranberry Township, Pennsylvania 
 March 15, 2023 
 61 
 
 CIVISTA BANCSHARES, INC. 
 CONSOLIDATED B ALANCE SHEETS 
 December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 (Amounts in thousands, except share data) 

2022 

2021 

ASSETS 

Cash and due from financial institutions 

Restricted cash 

Cash and cash equivalents 

Investments in time deposits 

Securities available for sale 

Equity securities 

Loans held for sale 

Loans, net of allowance of and 

Other securities 

Premises and equipment, net 

Accrued interest receivable 

Goodwill 

Other intangible assets 

Bank owned life insurance 

Swap assets 

Deferred taxes 

Other assets 

Total assets 

LIABILITIES 

Deposits 

Noninterest-bearing 

Interest-bearing 

Total deposits 

Short-term Federal Home Loan Bank advances 

Long-term Federal Home Loan Bank advances 

Securities sold under agreements to repurchase 

Subordinated debentures 

Other borrowings 

Swap liabilities 

Accrued expenses and other liabilities 

Total liabilities 

SHAREHOLDERS EQUITY 

Common stock, par value, shares authorized, shares issued at December 31, 2022 and shares issued at December 31, 2021 

Accumulated earnings 

Treasury stock, common shares at December 31, 2022 and common shares at December 31, 2021, at cost 

() 

() 

Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) 

() 

Total shareholders equity 

Total liabilities and shareholders equity 

See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements 
 64 
 
 CIVISTA BANCSHARES, INC. 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEM ENTS OF OPERATIONS 
 Years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 
 (Amounts in thousands, except per share data) 

2022 

2021 

2020 

Interest and dividend income 

Loans, including fees 

Taxable securities 

Tax-exempt securities 

Federal funds sold and other 

Total interest and dividend income 

Interest expense 

Deposits 

Federal Home Loan Bank advances 

Subordinated debentures 

Securities sold under agreements to repurchase and other 

Total interest expense 

Net interest income 

Provision for loan losses 

Net interest income after provision for loan losses 

Noninterest income 

Service charges 

Net gain on sale of securities 

Net gain (loss) on equity securities 

() 

Net gain on sale of loans and leases 

ATM/Interchange fees 

Wealth management fees 

Lease revenue residual income 

Bank owned life insurance 

Tax refund processing fees 

Computer center item processing fees 

Swap fees 

Other 

Total noninterest income 

Noninterest expense 

Compensation expense 

Net occupancy expense 

Equipment expense 

Contracted data processing 

FDIC Assessment 

State franchise tax 

Professional services 

Amortization of intangible assets 

ATM/Interchange expense 

Marketing expense 

Software maintenance expenses 

Other operating expenses 

Total noninterest expense 

Income before income taxes 

Income taxes 

Net income 

Net income available to common shareholders 

Earnings per common share, basic 

Earnings per common share, diluted 

See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements 
 65 
 
 CIVISTA BANCSHARES, INC. 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENS IVE INCOME 
 Years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 
 (Amounts in thousands) 

2022 

2021 

2020 

Net income 

Other comprehensive income (loss): 

Unrealized holding gains (loss) on available for sale securities 

() 

() 

Tax effect 

() 

Reclassification of gains recognized in net income 

() 

() 

() 

Tax effect 

Pension liability adjustment 

() 

Tax effect 

() 

() 

Reclassification of actuatial gain recognized in net income 

Tax effect 

() 

() 

Total other comprehensive income (loss) 

() 

() 

Comprehensive income (loss) 

() 

See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements 
 66 
 
 CIVISTA BANCSHARES, INC. 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CH ANGES IN SHAREHOLDERS EQUITY 
 Years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 
 (Amounts in thousands, except share data) 

Common Shares 

Accumulated 

Treasury 

Accumulated Other Comprehensive 

Total Shareholders 

Shares 

Amount 

Earnings 

Stock 

Income (Loss) 

Equity 

Balance, December 31, 2019 

() 

Net income 

Other comprehensive income 

Stock-based compensation 

Common share dividends per share) 

() 

() 

Repurchase of common stock 

() 

() 

() 

Balance, December 31, 2020 

() 

Net income 

Other comprehensive loss 

(5,799) 

(5,799) 

Stock-based compensation 

Common share dividends per share) 

() 

() 

Repurchase of common stock 

() 

() 

() 

Balance, December 31, 2021 

() 

Net income 

Other comprehensive income 

() 

() 

Stock-based compensation 

Common share dividends per share) 

() 

() 

Stock issued for acquisition of Comunibanc Corp. 

Stock issued for acquisition of Vision Financial Group, Inc. 

Repurchase of common stock 

() 

() 

() 

Balance, December 31, 2022 

() 

() 

See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements 
 67 
 
 CIVISTA BANCSHARES, INC. 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEM ENTS OF CASH FLOWS 
 Years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 
 (Amounts in thousands) 

2022 

2021 

2020 

Cash flows from operating activities: 

Net income 

Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash from operating activities 

Time deposits amortization 

Security amortization, net 

Depreciation 

Amortization of core deposit intangible 

Amortization of net deferred loan fees 

() 

() 

() 

Net gain on sale of securities 

() 

() 

() 

Net (gain) loss on equity securities 

() 

() 

Provision for loan losses 

Loans originated for sale 

() 

() 

() 

Proceeds from sale of loans 

Net gain on sale of loans 

() 

() 

() 

Increase in cash surrender value of bank owned life insurance 

() 

() 

() 

Share-based compensation 

Deferred taxes 

() 

Change in: 

Accrued interest payable 

() 

Accrued interest receivable 

() 

() 

Other, net 

() 

() 

Net cash from operating activities 

Cash flows used for investing activities: 

Investments in time securities 

Maturities 

Purchases 

() 

() 

() 

Securities available for sale 

Maturities, prepayments and calls 

Sales 

Purchases 

() 

() 

() 

Purchases of other securities 

() 

() 

Redemption of other securities 

Purchase of equity securities 

() 

Redemption of equity securities 

Proceeds from bank owned life insurance 

Net change in loans 

() 

() 

Proceeds from sale of OREO properties 

Acquisitions, net of cash 

() 

Premises and equipment purchases 

() 

() 

() 

Disposal of premises and equipment 

Net cash used for investing activities 

() 

() 

() 

See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements 
 68 
 
 CIVISTA BANCSHARES, INC. 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS (Continued) 
 Years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 
 (Amounts in thousands) 

2022 

2021 

2020 

Cash flows from financing activities: 

Increase (decrease) in deposits 

() 

Net change in short-term FHLB advances 

() 

Repayment of long-term FHLB advances 

() 

() 

Repayment of other borrowings 

() 

() 

Proceeds from other borrowings 

Proceeds from subordinated debentures 

Increase (decrease) in securities sold under repurchase agreements 

() 

() 

Repurchase of common stock 

() 

() 

() 

Cash dividends paid 

() 

() 

() 

Net cash from financing activities 

Increase (decrease) in cash and due from financial institutions 

() 

Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of year 

Cash and cash equivalents at end of year 

Supplemental disclosures of cash flow information: 

Interest paid 

Income taxes paid 

Transfer of loans from portfolio to other real estate owned 

Securities purchased not settled 

The Company purchased all of the capital stock of Comunbanc Corp. for on July 1, 2022. In conjunction with the acquisition, liabilities were assumed as follows: 

Fair value of assets acquired 

Less: common stock issued 

Less: cash paid for the capital 

Liabilities assumed 

The Company purchased all of the capital stock of Vision Financial Group for on October 1, 2022. In conjunction with the acquisition, liabilities were assumed as follows: 

Fair value of assets acquired 

Less: common stock issued 

Less: cash paid for the capital 

Liabilities assumed 

See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements 
 69 
 
 CIVISTA BANCSHARES, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 
 (Amounts in thousands, except share data) 
 
 of total revenue for each of the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 . WSP was formed to hold repossessed assets of CBI s subsidiaries. WSP revenue was less than of total revenue for each of the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2022 . FCRS was formed in 2012 to facilitate payment of individual state and federal tax refunds. The operations of FCRS were discontinued June 30, 2019. CRMI was formed in 2017 to provide property and casualty insurance coverage to CBI and its subsidiaries for which insurance may not be currently available or economically feasible in the insurance marketplace. CRMI revenue was less than of total revenue for each of the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 . FCC was formed as a wholly-owned subsidiary of Civista in Wilmington, Delaware to hold inter-company debt. The operations of FCC were discontinued December 31, 2021. FCI is wholly-owned by Civista and holds and manages its securities portfolio. The operations of FCI are located in Wilmington, Delaware. 
 
 days. Net cash flows are reported for customer loan and deposit transactions, interest bearing deposits in other financial institutions, federal funds purchased, short-term borrowings and repurchase agreements. The Company routinely maintains balances that exceed FDIC insured limits and the the risk of loss is very low with respect to such deposits. 
 NOTE 1 - SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued) Interest income includes amortization of purchase premium or discount. Premiums and discounts on securities are amortized on the level-yield method without anticipating prepayments, except for mortgage backed securities where prepayments are anticipated. Gains and losses on sales are based on the amortized cost of the security sold using the specific identification method. Securities are evaluated on at least a quarterly basis and more frequently when economic or market conditions warrant such an evaluation to determine whether a decline in their value is other than temporary. For debt securities, management considers whether the present value of cash flows expected to be collected are less than the security s amortized cost basis, the magnitude and duration of the decline, the reasons underlying the decline and the Company s intent to sell the security or whether it is more likely than not that the Company would be required to sell the security before its anticipated recovery in market value, to determine whether the loss in value is other than temporary. Once a decline in value is determined to be other than temporary, if the Company does not intend to sell the security, and it is more likely than not that it will not be required to sell the security, before recovery of the security s amortized cost basis, the charge to earnings is limited to the amount of credit loss. Any remaining difference between fair value and amortized cost is recognized in other comprehensive income, net of applicable taxes. Otherwise, the entire difference between fair value and amortized cost is charged to earnings. Other securities which include FHLB stock, Federal Reserve Bank FRB stock, Federal Agricultural Mortgage Corporation stock, Bankers Bancshares Inc. BB stock, and Norwalk Community Development Corp NCDC stock are carried at cost. 

NOTE 1 - SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued) 
 . All Commercial, Commercial Real Estate and Farm Real Estate loans that are days past due or in nonaccrual status, are analyzed to determine if they are impaired , which means that it is probable that all amounts will not be collected according to the contractual terms of the loan agreement. All loans that are delinquent days are classified as substandard and placed on nonaccrual status unless they are well-secured and in the process of collection. The remaining loans are evaluated and segmented with loans with similar risk characteristics. The Company allocates reserves based on risk categories and portfolio segments described below, which conform to the Company s asset classification policy. In reviewing risk within Civista s loan portfolio, management has identified specific segments to categorize loan portfolio risk: (i) Commercial Agriculture loans; (ii) Commercial Real Estate Owner Occupied loans; (iii) Commercial Real Estate Non-Owner Occupied loans; (iv) Residential Real Estate loans; (v) Real Estate Construction loans; (vi) Farm Real Estate loans; and (vii) Consumer and Other loans. Additional information related to economic factors can be found in Note 5. 
 days from the contractual due date are charged off in full. In lieu of charging off the entire loan balance, loans with non-real estate collateral may be written down to the net realizable value of the collateral, if repossession of collateral is assured and in process. For open- and closed-ended loans secured by residential real estate, a current assessment of fair value is made no later than days past due. Any outstanding loan balance in excess of the net realizable value of the property is charged off. All other loans are generally charged down to the net realizable value when Civista recognizes the loan is permanently impaired, which is generally after the loan is days past due. 
 NOTE 1 - SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued) 
 
 for furniture and equipment and seven to for buildings and improvements. 
 years to years. Revenue consists of the contractual lease payments and is recognized on a straight-line basis over the lease term and reported in Noninterest Income on the Consolidated Statements of Operations. Leased assets are depreciated on a straight-line method over the lease term to the estimate of the equipment s fair market value at lease termination, also referred to as residual value. The depreciation of these operating lease assets is reported in Noninterest Expense on the Consolidated Statements of Operations. For equipment leases, fair value may be based upon observable market prices, third-party valuations, or prices received on sales of similar assets at the end of the lease term. These residual values are reviewed annually to ensure the recorded amount does not exceed the fair market value at the lease termination. At the end of the lease, the operating lease asset is either purchased by the lessee or returned to the Company. 
 par value. The stock does not have a readily determinable fair value and as such is classified as restricted stock, carried at cost and evaluated for impairment by management. The stock s value is determined by the ultimate recoverability of the par value rather than by recognizing temporary declines. The determination of whether the par value will ultimately be recovered is influenced by criteria such as the following: a the significance of the decline in net assets of the FHLB as compared to the capital stock amount and the length of time this situation has persisted, b commitments by the FHLB to make payments required by law or regulation and the level of such payments in relation to the operating performance, c the impact of legislative and regulatory changes on the customer base of the FHLB, and d the liquidity position of the FHLB. With consideration given to these factors, management concluded that the FHLB stock was not impaired at December 31, 2022 or 2021 . FHLB Stock is included in Other Securities on the Consolidated Balance Sheet. 
 
 NOTE 1 - SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued) 
 . 

NOTE 1 - SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued) 

. The Company did t have any cash pledged as collateral on its interest rate swaps with third party financial institutio ns at December 31, 2022 . 

reportable operating segment. 
 
 NOTE 1 - SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued) 
 
 . This revision did not have a significant impact on the consolidated financial statement line items impacted and had no effect on net income. 
 is permitted for annual and interim periods beginning after December 15, 2018. On October 16, 2019, the FASB voted to defer the effective date for ASC 326, Financial Instruments Credit Losses , for smaller reporting companies to fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2022, and interim periods within those fiscal years, which was codified in the final ASU issued by the FASB on November 15, 2019. As a result, because the Company qualified as a smaller reporting company, based on its most recent determination under applicable rules of the Securities and Exchange Commission SEC ), as of November 15, 2019, the Company will not be subject to ASU 2016-13 until its annual and interim periods beginning after December 15, 2022. Civis ta currently estimates that, upon adoption of ASU 2016-13, that the allowance for credit losses will increase by approximately million. In addition, Civista expects to recognize a liability for unfunded loan commitments of approximately million upon adoption. The impact of adoption will not be significant to Civista's regulatory capital. Civista will not elect to phase in, over a three-year period, the standards impact on regulatory capital as permitted by the regulatory transition rules. Civista will finalize the adoption during the first quarter of 2023. NOTE 1 SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued) In January 2017, the FASB issued ASU 2017-04, Simplifying the Test for Goodwill Impairment . To simplify the subsequent measurement of goodwill, the FASB eliminated Step 2 from the goodwill impairment test. In computing the implied fair value of goodwill under Step 2, an entity had to perform procedures to determine the fair value at the impairment testing date of its assets and liabilities (including unrecognized assets and liabilities) following the procedure that would be required in determining the fair value of assets acquired and liabilities assumed in a business combination. Instead, under the amendments in this Update, an entity should perform its annual, or interim, goodwill impairment test by comparing the fair value of a reporting unit with its carrying amount. An entity should recognize an impairment charge for the amount by which the carrying amount exceeds the reporting unit s fair value; however, the loss recognized should not exceed the total amount of goodwill allocated to that reporting unit. A public business entity that is an SEC filer, such as the Company, should adopt the amendments in this Update for its annual or any interim goodwill impairment tests in fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2019. On October 16, 2019, the FASB voted to defer the effective date for ASC 350, Intangibles Goodwill and Other , for smaller reporting companies, such as the Company, to fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2022, and interim periods within those fiscal years. The final ASU was issued by the FASB on November 15, 2019. The impact of this new accounting guidance is highly depenent on changes in financial markets and future events. The Company will monitor indicators of goodwill impairment and will record impairment when it is determined to have occurred. In March 2020, the FASB issued ASU 2020-03 , Codification Improvements to Financial Instruments. This ASU was issued to improve and clarify various financial instruments topics, including the current expected credit losses (CECL) standard issued in 2016. The ASU includes seven issues that describe the areas of improvement and the related amendments to GAAP; they are intended to make the standards easier to understand and apply and to eliminate inconsistencies, and they are narrow in scope and are not expected to significantly change practice for most entities. Among its provisions, the ASU clarifies that all entities, other than public business entities that elected the fair value option, are required to provide certain fair value disclosures under ASC 825, Financial Instruments , in both interim and annual financial statements. It also clarifies that the contractual term of a net investment in a lease under Topic 842 should be the contractual term used to measure expected credit losses under Topic 326. Amendments related to ASU 2019-04 are effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2019, including interim periods within those fiscal years. Early adoption is not permitted before an entity s adoption of ASU 2016-01. Amendments related to ASU 2016-13 for entities that have not yet adopted that guidance are effective upon adoption of the amendments in ASU 2016-13. Early adoption is not permitted before an entity s adoption of ASU 2016-13. Amendments related to ASU 2016-13 for entities that have adopted that guidance are effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2019, including interim periods within those years. Other amendments are effective upon issuance of this ASU. This Update is not expected to have a significant impact on the Company s financial statements. In January 2020, the FASB issued ASU 2020-04, Reference Rate Reform (Topic 848): Facilitation of the Effects of Reference Rate Reform on Financial Reporting, March 2020 , to provide temporary optional expedients and exceptions to the U.S. GAAP guidance on contract modifications and hedge accounting to ease the financial reporting burdens of the expected market transition from LIBOR and other interbank offered rates to alternative reference rates, such as the Secured Overnight Financing Rate (SOFR). Entities can elect not to apply certain modification accounting requirements to contracts affected by what the guidance calls reference rate reform if certain criteria are met. An entity that makes this election would not have to remeasure the contracts at the modification date or reassess a previous accounting determination. Also, entities can elect various optional expedients that would allow them to continue applying hedge accounting for hedging relationships affected by reference rate reform if certain criteria are met, and can make a one-time election to sell and/or reclassify held-to-maturity debt securities that reference an interest rate affected by reference rate reform. The amendments in this ASU are effective for all entities upon issuance through December 31, 2022. However, a deferral of the implementation of reference rate reform was issued in December of 2022, which extends the implementation to December 31, 2024. The Company is working through this transition via a multi-disciplinary project team. However, the financial impact on our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows will depend on the population of contracts that are still outstanding on the date the underlying indexes are no longer published. 

77 
 
 CIVISTA BANCSHARES, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 
 (Amounts in thousands, except share data) 
 
 . As a result of the acquisition, the Company issued common shares and paid approximately in cash to the former shareholders of Comunibanc Corp. The Company and Comunibanc Corp. had first announced that they had entered into an agreement to merge in January of 2022. Immediately following the merger, Comunibanc Corp. s banking subsidiary, The Henry County Bank (HCB), was merged into CBI s banking subsidiary, Civista Bank. The assets and liabilities of Comunibanc Corp. were recorded on the Company s Consolidated Balance Sheet at their preliminary estimated fair values as of July 1, 2022, the acquisition date, and Comunibanc Corp. s results of operations have been included in the Company s Consolidated Statements of Operations since that date. The Company recorded i n goodwill and in core deposit intangibles, representing the principal change in goodwill and intangibles from December 31, 2021. of the purchase price is deductible for tax purposes. At the time of the merger, Comunibanc Corp had total consolidated assets of , including in loans, and in deposits. The transaction was recorded as a purchase and, accordingly, the operating results of Comunibanc Corp. and HCB have been included in the Company s Consolidated Financial Statements since the close of business on July 1, 2022. Identifiable intangibles are amortized to their estimated residual values over the expected useful lives. Such lives are also periodically reassessed to determine if any amortization period adjustments are required. The identifiable intangible assets consist of core deposit intangible which is being amortized over the estimated useful life. The gross carrying amount of the core deposit intangible at December 31, 2022 was . In onnection with the Comunibanc merger in 2022, the Company incurred additional third-party acquisition-related costs o f million. These expenses are comprised of employee benefits of thousand, occupancy and equipment expenses o f thousand, software expense o f thousand, c onsulting and other professional fees of thousand, data processing costs o f million and other operating expenses o f thousand in th e Company s Consolidated Statement of Operations for the twelve-month period ended December 31, 2022. 

2024 

2025 

2026 

2027 

Thereafter 

Noninterest income 

Net income 

NOTE 2 - ACQUISITIONS (Continued) 

Noninterest income 

Net income 

Pro forma earnings per share: 

Basic 

Diluted 

Common shares issued shares) 

Total 

Net assets acquired: 

Cash and due from financial institutions 

Securities available for sale 

Time deposits 

Loans, net 

Other securities 

Premises and equipment 

Accrued interest receivable 

Core deposit intangible 

Bank owned life insurance 

Other assets 

Noninterest-bearing deposits 

() 

Interest-bearing deposits 

() 

Other borrowings 

() 

Other liabilities 

() 

Goodwill resulting from Comunibanc Corp. acquisition 

Loans purchased with evidence of credit deterioration since origination and for which it was probable that all contractually required payments would not be collected were considered to be credit impaired. Evidence of credit quality deterioration as of the purchase date included information such as past-due and nonaccrual status, borrower credit scores and recent loan to value percentages. Purchased credit-impaired loans were accounted for under the accounting guidance for loans and debt securities acquired with deteriorated credit quality (ASC 310-30) and initially measured at fair value, which included estimated future credit losses expected to be incurred over the life of the loan. Accordingly, an allowance for credit losses related to these loans was not carried over and recorded at the acquisition date. Management estimated the cash flows expected to be collected at acquisition using our internal risk models, which incorporated the estimate of the current assumptions, such as default rates, severity and prepayment speeds. NOTE 2 - ACQUISITIONS (Continued) 

Carrying amount 

The gross principal due under the contract for acquired receivables not subject to ASC 310-30 is million. The fair value adjustment is million and the contractual cash flows not expected to be collected is million. The acquired assets and liabilities were measured at estimated fair values. Management made certain estimates and exercised judgment in accounting for the acquisition. The amount of goodwill recorded reflects a strategic opportunity to expand into new markets that, while similar to existing markets, are projected to be more vibrant in population growth and business opportunity growth. The goodwill represents the excess purchase price over the estimated fair value of the net assets acquired. Additionally, the acquisition will provide exposure to suburbs of larger urban areas without the commitment of operating inside large metropolitan areas dominated by regional and national financial organizations. The acquisition is also expected to create synergies on the operational side of the Company by allowing noninterest expenses to be spread over a larger operating base. On October 3, 2022, CBI and Civista completed the acquisition by Civista of all of the issued and outstanding shares of capital stock of VFG for aggregate cash and stock consideration of approximately . As a result of the acquisition, the Company issued common shares and paid approximately in cash. The assets and liabilities of VFG were recorded on the Company s Consolidated Balance Sheet at their preliminary estimated fair values as of October 3, 2022, the acquisition date, and VFG s results of operations have been included in the Company s Consolidated Statements of Operations since that date. The Company recorded in goodwill, representing the principal change in goodwill from December 31, 2021. of the purchase price is deductible for tax purposes. At the time of the acquisition, VFG had total consolidated assets of , including in loans and leases. The transaction was recorded as a purchase and, accordingly, the operating results of VFG have been included in the Company s Consolidated Financial Statements since the close of business on October 3, 2022. In connection with the VFG acquisition in 2022, the Company incurred additional third-party acquisition-related costs of thousand. These expenses are comprised of consulting and other professional fees of thousand and other operating expenses of thousand in the Company s Consolidated Statement of Operations for the twelve-month period ended December 31, 2022. NOTE 2 - ACQUISITIONS (Continued) 

Noninterest income 

Net loss 

() 

Pro forma information for the twelve-month periods ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 is not presented as the acquisition of VFG was determined to not to be a significant transaction. 

Common shares issued shares) 

Common shares issued (contingent consideration) shares) 

Total 

Net assets acquired: 

Cash and due from financial institutions 

Time Deposits 

Loans, net 

Premises and equipment 

Other assets 

Other borrowings 

() 

Other liabilities 

() 

Goodwill resulting from VFG acquisition 

Loans purchased with evidence of credit deterioration since origination and for which it was probable that all contractually required payments would not be collected were considered to be credit impaired. Evidence of credit quality deterioration as of the purchase date included information such as past-due and nonaccrual status, borrower credit scores and recent loan to value percentages. Purchased credit-impaired loans were accounted for under the accounting guidance for loans and debt securities acquired with deteriorated credit quality (ASC 310-30) and initially measured at fair value, which included estimated future credit losses expected to be incurred over the life of the loan. Accordingly, an allowance for credit losses related to these loans was not carried over and recorded at the acquisition date. Management estimated the cash flows expected to be collected at acquisition using our internal risk models, which incorporated the estimate of the current assumptions, such as default rates, severity and prepayment speeds. NOTE 2 - ACQUISITIONS (Continued) The contingent consideration arrangement requires Civista to pay the former owners of VFG, over , and subject to meeting certain lease origination thresholds for each year, or meeting a combined threshold for the , up to a maximum amount of , undiscounted. The potential undiscounted amount of all future payments Civista could be required to make under the contingent consideration arrangement is between and . The fair value of the contingent consideration arrangement of was estimated based on significant inputs that are not observable in the market, which are considered Level 3 inputs in accordance with ASC Topic 820. Key assumptions include the CIVB share price at close, management s assumptions and the probability that the vesting thresholds will be met. The common shares subject to the contingent consideration arrangement have been issued and are considered restricted with participating rights with voting, dividends and distribution rights prior to vesting or forfeiture. If the lease origination thresholds are not met, the shares issued will be forfeited. 

Carrying amount 

The gross principal due under the contract for acquired receivables not subject to ASC 310-30 is million. The fair value adjustment is million and the contractual cash flows not expected to be collected is thousand. The acquired assets and liabilities were measured at estimated fair values. Management made certain estimates and exercised judgment in accounting for the acquisition. The amount of goodwill recorded reflects the excess purchase price over the estimated fair value of the net assets acquired. 

82 
 
 CIVISTA BANCSHARES, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 
 (Amounts in thousands, except share data) 

() 

Obligations of states and political subdivisions 

() 

Mortgage-back securities in government sponsored entities 

() 

Total debt securities 

() 

Amortized Cost 

Gross Unrealized Gains 

Gross Unrealized Losses 

Fair Value 

2021 

U.S. Treasury securities and obligations of U.S. government agencies 

() 

Obligations of states and political subdivisions 

() 

Mortgage-back securities in government sponsored entities 

() 

Total debt securities 

() 

Due from one to five years 

Due from five to ten years 

Due after ten years 

Mortgage-backed securities in government sponsored entities 

Total securities available for sale 

Securities with a carrying value of and were pledged as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, to secure public deposits, other deposits and liabilities as required or permitted by law. 

Gross realized gains 

Gross realized losses 

Gains from securities called or settled by the issuer 

NOTE 3 SECURITIES (Continued) 

() 

() 

() 

Obligations of states and political subdivisions 

() 

() 

() 

Mortgage-backed securities in gov t sponsored entities 

() 

() 

() 

Total temporarily impaired 

() 

() 

() 

2021 
 
 12 Months or less 

More than 12 months 

Total 

Description of Securities 
 
 Fair Value 

Unrealized Loss 

Fair Value 

Unrealized Loss 

Fair Value 

Unrealized Loss 

U.S. Treasury securities and obligations of U.S. government agencies 

() 

() 

() 

Obligations of states and political subdivisions 

() 

() 

Mortgage-backed securities in gov t sponsored entities 

() 

() 

() 

Total temporarily impaired 

() 

() 

() 

The Company periodically evaluates securities for other-than-temporary impairment. An unrealized loss exists when the current fair value of an individual security is less than its amortized cost basis. Unrealized losses that are determined to be temporary in nature are recorded, net of tax, in accumulated other comprehensive loss on the Consolidated Balance Sheet. The Company has assessed each available for sale security position for credit impairment. Factors considered in determining whether a loss is temporary include: The length of time and the extent to which fair value has been below cost; 

 The severity of impairment; 

 The cause of the impairment and the financial condition and near-term prospects of the issuer; 

 If the Company intends to sell the investment; 

 If it s more-likely-than-not the Company will be required to sell the investment before recovering its amortized cost basis; and 

 If the Company does not expect to recover the investment s entire amortized cost basis (even if the Company does not intend to sell the investment). 

 The Company s review for impairment generally entails: Identification and evaluation of investments that have indications of impairment; 

 Analysis of individual investments that have fair values less than amortized cost, including consideration of length of time each investment has been in unrealized loss position and the expected recovery period; 

 Evaluation of factors or triggers that could cause individual investments to qualify as having other-than-temporary impairment; and 

 Documentation of these analyses, as required by policy. 

 NOTE 3 SECURITIES (Continued) At December 31, 2022, the Company owned securities that were con sidered temporarily impaired. The unrealized losses on these securities have not been recognized into income because the issuers bonds are of high credit quality, management has the intent and ability to hold these securities for the foreseeable future, and the decline in fair value is largely due to changes in market interest rates. The Company also considers sector specific credit rating changes in its analysis. The fair value is expected to recover as the securities approach their maturity date or reset date. The Company does not intend to sell until recovery and does not believe selling will be required before recovery. 

Less: Net gains realized on the sale of equity securities during the period 

Unrealized gains (losses) recognized in equity securities held at December 31 

Commercial Real Estate - Owner Occupied 

Commercial Real Estate - Non-Owner Occupied 

Residential Real Estate 

Real Estate Construction 

Farm Real Estate 

Lease financing receivable 

Consumer and Other 

Total Loans 

Allowance for loan losses 

() 

() 

Net loans 

Included in Commercial Agriculture loans as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 is and , respectively, of Paycheck Protection Program PPP loans. NOTE 4 LOANS (Continued) Included in total loans above are deferred loan fees of and at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Included in net deferred loan fees as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 is and , respectively, of net deferred loan fees from PPP loans. 

2024 

2025 

2026 

2027 

Thereafter 

Total 

Paycheck Protection Program In response to the novel COVID-19 pandemic, the Coronavirus Aid, Relief, and Economic Security Act of 2020, as amended (the CARES Act ), was signed into law on March 27, 2020, to provide national emergency economic relief measures. The CARES Act amended the loan program of the Small Business Administration (the SBA ), in which Civista participates, to create a guaranteed, unsecured loan program, the Paycheck Protection Program (the PPP ), to fund operational costs of eligible businesses, organizations and self-employed persons during the COVID-19 pandemic. During 2020, Civista processed over PPP loans totaling million. The Consolidated Appropriations Act 2021, was signed into law on December 27, 2020 to provide an additional funding of billion under the PPP and the establishment of PPP Second Draw Loans under the Economic Aid to Hard-Hit Small Businesses, Nonprofit, and Venues Act (the Relief Act ). This additional funding was made available from original PPP lenders on January 19, 2021, and the deadline (as extended) for submitting applications for PPP Second Draw Loans was May 31, 2021. Funds provided under the Relief Act were earmarked both for first time PPP borrowers (subject to original PPP eligibility and limits) as well as Second Draw Loans for borrowers that already received an original PPP loan. Additional Second Draw eligibility requirements were as follows: (1) entities must have no more than employees, (2) entities must have suffered a of more reduction in gross revenues between comparable quarters in 2019 and 2020, (3) some entities previously excluded are eligible for this round, such as local TV, newspaper, and radio, and (4) loan size limited to 2.5 times average monthly payroll with a maximum allowable amount of million. During 2021, Civista received SBA approval on, and funded, PPP loans totaling under the Relief Act. 

New loans and advances 

Repayments 

() 

() 

Effect of changes to related parties 

() 

Balance - End of year 

The Company had credit lines to principal officers, directors, and their affiliates with an availability of and as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 , respectively. 

 86 
 
 CIVISTA BANCSHARES, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 
 (Amounts in thousands, except share data) 
 
 period for all portfolio segments. Management also considers certain economic factors for trends that management uses to account for the qualitative and environmental changes in risk, which affects the level of the reserve. The following economic factors are analyzed: Changes in lending policies and procedures 

 Changes in experience and depth of lending and management staff 

 Changes in quality of credit review system 

 Changes in the nature and volume of the loan portfolio 

 Changes in past due, classified and nonaccrual loans and TDRs 

 Changes in economic and business conditions 

 Changes in competition or legal and regulatory requirements 

 Changes in concentrations within the loan portfolio 

 Changes in the underlying collateral for collateral dependent loans 

 NOTE 5 - ALLOWANCE FOR LOAN LOSSES (Continued) The total allowance reflects management s estimate of loan losses inherent in the loan portfolio at the consolidated balance sheet date. The Company considers the allowance for loan losses o f adequate to cover l oan losses inherent in the loan portfolio, at December 31, 2022 . 

() 

Commercial Real Estate: 

Owner Occupied 

Non-Owner Occupied 

Residential Real Estate 

() 

Real Estate Construction 

Farm Real Estate 

() 

Lease financing receivable 

() 

Consumer and Other 

() 

() 

Unallocated 

() 

Total 

() 

For the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company provided to the allowance for loan losses, as compared to a provision of for the year ended December 31, 2021. The increase in the provision was to support strong organic loan growth in the portfolio. Of this increase, was provided to cover lease production from our VFG subsidiary since acquisition. Civista strengthened the reserve in 2020 due to the 2020 economic shutdown and restrictions in response to the ongoing COVID-19 pandemic. While conditions improved in 2021 due to vaccinations and booster shots, ongoing challenges due to supply chain and workforce shortages slowed the process improvement. Our risk profile has steadily improved since peak levels, but we remain cautious given the impact of higher inflationary costs, rising interest rates and other pre-recessionary conditions that impact loan customers. Our Commercial and Commercial Real Estate portfolios have been, and are expected to continue to be, impacted the most. For the year ended December 31, 2022, the allowance for Commercial Agriculture loans increased due to an increase in general reserves required for this type as a result of an increase in loan balances, accompanied by an increase in classified loan balances. The result was represented as an increase in the provision. The allowance for Commercial Real Estate Owner Occupied loans increased due to an increase in general reserves required for this type as a result of increased loan balances, partially offset by a decrease in classified loan balances. The result was represented as an increase in the provision. The allowance for Commercial Real Estate Non-Owner Occupied loans increased due to an increase in general reserves required as a result of an increase in loan balances, partially offset by a decrease in loss rates and classified loan balances. This was represented as an increase in the provision. The allowance for Residential Real Estate loans increased due to an increase in general reserves required for this type as a result of increased loan balances. The result was represented by an increase in the provision. The allowance for Real Estate Construction loans increased due to an increase in loan balances. This was represented as an increase in the provision. The allowance for Consumer and Other loans decreased due to a decrease in loan balances. This was represented as a decrease in the provision. Management feels that the unallocated amount is appropriate and within the relevant range for the allowance that is reflective of the risk in the portfolio at December 31, 2022. NOTE 5 - ALLOWANCE FOR LOAN LOSSES (Continued) 

() 

() 

Commercial Real Estate: 

Owner Occupied 

Non-Owner Occupied 

Residential Real Estate 

() 

() 

Real Estate Construction 

() 

Farm Real Estate 

() 

Consumer and Other 

() 

() 

Unallocated 

Total 

() 

For the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company provided to the allowance for loan losses, as compared to a provision of for the year ended December 31, 2020. The decrease in the provision was due to the stability of our credit quality metrics coupled with the stabilization and, in some cases, improvement of international, national, regional and local economic conditions that were adversely impacted by the 2020 economic shutdown and restrictions in response to the ongoing COVID-19 pandemic. While vaccinations and booster shots in 2021 created some level of optimism in the business community, there remained uncertainty due to the continued concern over increased infections from the Delta and Omicron variants of COVID, and we remained cautious given the level of classified loans in the portfolio, particularly loans to borrowers in the hotel industry. The lingering economic impacts related to the COVID-19 pandemic included the loss of revenue experienced by our business clients, disruption of supply chains, higher employee wages coupled with workforce shortages and increased costs of materials and services. While some of the pressures eased in 2021, ongoing supply chain and staffing challenges, as well as inflationary pressures remained. Our Commercial and Commercial Real Estate portfolios have been, and are expected to continue to be, impacted the most. For the year ended December 31, 2021, the allowance for Commercial Agriculture loans decreased due to a decrease in general reserves required for this type as a result of a decrease in loss rates. Commercial Agriculture loan balances decreased during the year mainly from Civista s participation in the PPP loan program. The result was represented as a decrease in the provision. The allowance for Commercial Real Estate Owner Occupied loans increased due to an increase in general reserves required for this type as a result of increased loan balances, offset by a decrease in classified loans balances. The result was represented as an increase in the provision. The allowance for Commercial Real Estate Non-Owner Occupied loans increased due to an increase in general reserves required as a result of an increase in loan balances, offset by decreases in classified loan balances and loss rates. This was represented as an increase in the provision. The allowance for Residential Real Estate loans increased due to an increase in loss rates for this type of loan. The result was represented by an increase in the provision. The allowance for Real Estate Construction loans decreased due to a decrease in loan balances. This was represented as a decrease in the provision. NOTE 5 - ALLOWANCE FOR LOAN LOSSES (Continued) 

() 

Commercial Real Estate: 

Owner Occupied 

() 

Non-Owner Occupied 

Residential Real Estate 

() 

Real Estate Construction 

Farm Real Estate 

() 

Consumer and Other 

() 

() 

Unallocated 

Total 

() 

For the year ended December 31, 2020, the Company provided to the allowance for loan losses. The provision was primarily the result of an increase in Civista s qualitative factors, primarily changes in international, national, regional and local conditions, related to the economic shutdown driven by the ongoing COVID-19 pandemic. Economic impacts related to the COVID-19 pandemic during 2020 included the loss of revenue by our business clients, disruption of supply chains, additional employee costs for businesses due to the pandemic, higher unemployment rates throughout our footprint and a large number of customers requesting payment relief. The allowance for Commercial Agriculture loans increased due to an increase in general reserves required for this type as a result of an increase in loan balances mainly from Civista s participation in the PPP loan program and by an increase in loss rates, resulting in an increase in the provision. PPP loans are eligible for a guaranty by the U.S. Small Business Administration SBA and, as a result, the reserve percentage for PPP loans is substantially less than the other loans in this segment. However, in the event of a loss resulting from a default on a PPP loan, and a determination by the SBA that there was a deficiency in the manner on which the PPP loan was originated or funded, the SBA may deny its liability under the guaranty. For the year ended December 31, 2020, the allowance for Commercial Real Estate Owner Occupied loans increased due to an increase in general reserves required for this type as a result of higher loan balances, an increase in classified loans and the volume of loans in payment deferral, and an increase in loss rates. The result was represented as an increase in the provision. The allowance for Commercial Real Estate Non-Owner Occupied loans increased due to an increase in general reserves required as a result of an increase in loan balances, an increase in classified loans and the volume of loans in payment deferral, and an increase in loss rates. This was represented as an increase in the provision. The allowance for Residential Real Estate loans increased due to an increase in general reserves required for this type as a result of factors related to the COVID-19 pandemic, offset by a decrease in loan balances, represented by an increase in the provision. The allowance for Real Estate Construction loans increased due to an increase in general reserves required as a result of an increase in loan balances and an increase in loss rates, represented by an increase in the provision. The allowance for Farm Real Estate loans decreased due to a decrease in general reserves required as a result of a decrease in loan balances. The result was represented as a decrease in the provision. The allowance for Consumer and Other loans decreased due to a decrease in general reserves required as a result of a decrease in loan balances and loss rates. The result was represented as a decrease in the provision. NOTE 5 - ALLOWANCE FOR LOAN LOSSES (Continued) 

Commercial Real Estate: 

Owner Occupied 

Non-Owner Occupied 

Residential Real Estate 

Real Estate Construction 

Farm Real Estate 

Lease financing receivables 

Consumer and Other 

Unallocated 

Total 

Outstanding loan balances: 

Commercial Agriculture 

Commercial Real Estate: 

Owner Occupied 

Non-Owner Occupied 

Residential Real Estate 

Real Estate Construction 

Farm Real Estate 

Lease financing receivables 

Consumer and Other 

Total 

NOTE 5 - ALLOWANCE FOR LOAN LOSSES (Continued) 

December 31, 2021 
 
 Loans acquired with credit deterioration 

Loans individually evaluated for impairment 

Loans collectively evaluated for impairment 

Total 

Allowance for loan losses: 

Commercial Agriculture 

Commercial Real Estate: 

Owner Occupied 

Non-Owner Occupied 

Residential Real Estate 

Real Estate Construction 

Farm Real Estate 

Consumer and Other 

Unallocated 

Total 

Outstanding loan balances: 

Commercial Agriculture 

Commercial Real Estate: 

Owner Occupied 

Non-Owner Occupied 

Residential Real Estate 

Real Estate Construction 

Farm Real Estate 

Consumer and Other 

Total 

The following tables represent credit exposures by internally assigned risk ratings for the periods ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. The remaining loans in the Residential Real Estate, Real Estate Construction and Consumer and Other loan categories that are not assigned a risk grade are presented in a separate table below. The risk rating analysis estimates the capability of the borrower to repay the contractual obligations of the loan agreements as scheduled or at all. The Company s internal credit risk rating system is based on experiences with similarly graded loans. The Company s internally assigned grades are as follows: Pass loans which are protected by the current net worth and paying capacity of the obligor or by the value of the underlying collateral. 

 Special Mention loans where a potential weakness or risk exists, which could cause a more serious problem if not corrected. 

 Substandard loans that have a well-defined weakness based on objective evidence and are characterized by the distinct possibility that Civista will sustain some loss if the deficiencies are not corrected. 

 Doubtful loans classified as doubtful have all the weaknesses inherent in a substandard asset. In addition, these weaknesses make collection or liquidation in full highly questionable and improbable, based on existing circumstances. 

 Loss loans classified as a loss are considered uncollectible, or of such value that continuance as an asset is not warranted. 

 Unrated Generally, Residential Real Estate, Real Estate Construction and Consumer and Other loans are not risk-graded, except when collateral is used for a business purpose. 

 NOTE 5 - ALLOWANCE FOR LOAN LOSSES (Continued) 

Commercial Real Estate: 

Owner Occupied 

Non-Owner Occupied 

Residential Real Estate 

Real Estate Construction 

Farm Real Estate 

Lease financing receivables 

Consumer and Other 

Total 

Commercial Real Estate: 

Owner Occupied 

Non-Owner Occupied 

Residential Real Estate 

Real Estate Construction 

Farm Real Estate 

Consumer and Other 

Total 

Due to the business disruptions and shut-downs due to the Covid-19 pandemic, in 2020, management offered payment deferments to a number of customers that had previously been current in all respects. Civista instituted an enhanced portfolio management process which included meeting with customers, requesting additional financial information and evaluating cashflow and adjusting risk ratings as conditions warrant. During this process we systematically downgraded a significant number of loans to recognize the increased risk attributed to the pandemic. Additionally, Civista offered longer term deferrals under Section 4013 of the Cares Act, that were also downgraded as appropriate. Based on improved financial performance, Civista upgraded 48 of criticized loans during 2022. The lodging industry was hit the hardest and recovery is taking longer for that segment. Civista believes it has prudently identified risk, assigned appropriate risk ratings, and has a comprehensive portfolio management process to identify and quantify risk. The following tables present performing and nonperforming loans based solely on payment activity for the years ended December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 that have not been assigned an internal risk grade. The types of loans presented here are not assigned a risk grade unless there is evidence of a problem. Payment activity is reviewed by management on a monthly basis to evaluate performance. Loans are considered to be nonperforming when they become days past due or if management thinks that we may not collect all of our principal and interest. Nonperforming loans also include certain loans that have been modified in Troubled Debt Restructurings (TDRs) where economic concessions have been granted to borrowers who have experienced or are expected to experience financial difficulties. These concessions typically result from the Company s loss mitigation activities and could include reductions in the interest rate, payment extensions, forgiveness of principal, forbearance or other actions due to economic status. Certain TDRs are classified as nonperforming at the time of restructure and may only be returned to performing status after considering the borrower s sustained repayment performance for a reasonable period, generally . NOTE 5 - ALLOWANCE FOR LOAN LOSSES (Continued) 

Nonperforming 

Total 

December 31, 2021 
 
 Residential Real Estate 

Real Estate Construction 

Consumer and Other 

Total 

Performing 

Nonperforming 

Total 

Commercial Real Estate: 

Owner Occupied 

Non-Owner Occupied 

Residential Real Estate 

Real Estate Construction 

Farm Real Estate 

Lease financing receivables 

Consumer and Other 

Total 

December 31, 2021 
 
 30-59 Days Past Due 

60-89 Days Past Due 

90 Days or Greater 

Total Past Due 

Current 

Purchased Credit- Impaired Loans 

Total Loans 

Past Due 90 Days and Accruing 

Commercial Agriculture 

Commercial Real Estate: 

Owner Occupied 

Non-Owner Occupied 

Residential Real Estate 

Real Estate Construction 

Farm Real Estate 

Consumer and Other 

Total 

NOTE 5 - ALLOWANCE FOR LOAN LOSSES (Continued) 

Commercial Real Estate: 

Owner Occupied 

Non-Owner Occupied 

Residential Real Estate 

Real Estate Construction 

Farm Real Estate 

Lease financing receivables 

Consumer and Other 

Total 

Nonaccrual Loans: Loans are considered for nonaccrual status upon reaching days delinquency, unless the loan is well secured and in the process of collection, although Civista may be receiving partial payments of interest and partial repayments of principal on such loans. When a loan is placed on nonaccrual status, previously accrued but unpaid interest is deducted from interest income. The gross interest income that would have been recorded on nonaccrual loans in 2022, 2021 and 2020 if the loans had been current in accordance with their original terms and had been outstanding throughout the period or since origination, if held for part of the period, was , and , respectively. The amount of interest income on such loans recognized on a cash basi s was in 2022 , in 2021 and in 2020. Modifications: A modification of a loan constitutes a TDR when Civista for economic or legal reasons related to a borrower s financial difficulties grants a concession to the borrower that it would not otherwise consider. Civista offers various types of concessions when modifying a loan, however, forgiveness of principal is rarely granted. Commercial Real Estate loans modified in a TDR often involve reducing the interest rate lower than the current market rate for new debt with similar risk. Real Estate loans modified in a TDR were primarily comprised of interest rate reductions where monthly payments were lowered to accommodate the borrowers financial needs. Loans modified in a TDR are typically already on non-accrual status and partial charge-offs have in some cases already been taken against the outstanding loan balance. As a result, loans modified in a TDR may have the financial effect of increasing the specific allowance associated with the loan. An allowance for impaired loans that have been modified in a TDR are measured based on the present value of expected future cash flows discounted at the loan s effective interest rate or the estimated fair value of the collateral, less any selling costs, if the loan is collateral dependent. Management exercises significant judgment in developing these estimate s. TDRs accounted for of the allowance for loan losses as of December 31, 2022 , as of December 31, 2021 and as of December 31, 2020. There were no loans modified in a TDR during the twelve month period ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020. Recidivism, or the borrower defaulting on its obligation pursuant to a modified loan, results in the loan once again becoming a non-accrual loan. Recidivism occurs at a notably higher rate than do defaults on new originations loans, so modified loans present a higher risk of loss than do new origination loans. During the periods ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 , there were defaults on loans that were modified and considered TDRs during the previous twelve months. NOTE 5 - ALLOWANCE FOR LOAN LOSSES (Continued) Impaired Loans: Larger commercial loan, commercial real estate loan and farm real estate loan relationships, all TDRs and residential real estate and consumer loans that are part of a larger relationship are tested for impairment. These loans are analyzed to determine if it is probable that all amounts will not be collected according to the contractual terms of the loan agreement. If management determines that the value of the impaired loan is less than the recorded investment in the loan (net of previous charge-offs, deferred loan fees or costs and unamortized premium or discount), impairment is recognized through an allowance estimate or a charge-off to the allowance. 

Non-Owner Occupied 

Residential Real Estate 

Farm Real Estate 

Total 

With an allowance recorded: 

Commercial Real Estate: 

Owner Occupied 

Residential Real Estate 

Total 

Total: 

Commercial Agriculture 

Commercial Real Estate: 

Owner Occupied 

Non-Owner Occupied 

Residential Real Estate 

Farm Real Estate 

Total 

NOTE 5 - ALLOWANCE FOR LOAN LOSSES (Continued) 

Commercial Real Estate: 

Owner Occupied 

Non-Owner Occupied 

Residential Real Estate 

Farm Real Estate 

Total 

Commercial Real Estate: 

Owner Occupied 

Non-Owner Occupied 

Residential Real Estate 

Farm Real Estate 

Total 

Foreclosed assets acquired in settlement of loans are carried at fair value less estimated costs to sell and are included in Other assets on the Consolidated Balance Sheet. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021 , there were foreclosed assets included in Other assets. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company had initiat ed formal foreclosure procedures on and , respectively, of Residential Real Estate loans. 

Acquisition of PCI loans 

Accretion 

() 

() 

Transfers from non-accretable to accretable 

Balance at end of period 

NOTE 5 - ALLOWANCE FOR LOAN LOSSES (Continued) 

Carrying amount 

There was allowance for loan losses recorded for acquired loans with or without specific evidence of deterioration in credit quality as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 , respectively. 

98 
 
 CIVISTA BANCSHARES, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 
 (Amounts in thousands, except share data) 

() 

() 

Amounts reclassified from accumulated other comprehensive loss 

() 

() 

() 

Net unrealized losses on investment securities 

() 

() 

() 

Defined benefit plans: 

Other comprehensive income before reclassifications 

Amounts reclassified from accumulated other comprehensive income 

Defined benefit plans, net 

Other comprehensive loss 

() 

() 

() 

Year Ended December 31, 2021 

Net unrealized losses on investment securities: 

Other comprehensive loss before reclassifications 

() 

() 

() 

Amounts reclassified from accumulated other comprehensive loss 

() 

() 

Net unrealized losses on investment securities 

() 

() 

() 

Defined benefit plans: 

Other comprehensive income before reclassifications 

Amounts reclassified from accumulated other comprehensive income 

Defined benefit plans, net 

Other comprehensive loss 

() 

() 

() 

Year Ended December 31, 2020 

Net unrealized gains on investment securities: 

Other comprehensive income before reclassifications 

Amounts reclassified from accumulated other comprehensive income 

() 

() 

() 

Net unrealized gains on investment securities 

Defined benefit plans: 

Other comprehensive loss before reclassifications 

() 

() 

() 

Amounts reclassified from accumulated other comprehensive loss 

Defined benefit plans, net 

() 

() 

() 

Other comprehensive income 

NOTE 6 - OTHER COMPREHENSIVE INCOME (LOSS (Continued) The following table presents the changes in each component of accumulated other comprehensive income (loss), net of tax, as of December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020. 

For the Year Ended December 31, 2022 

For the Year Ended December 31, 2021 

For the Year Ended December 31, 2020 

Unrealized Gains and Losses on Available for Sale Securities 

Defined Benefit Pension Items 

Total 

Unrealized Gains and Losses on Available for Sale Securities 

Defined Benefit Pension Items 

Total 

Unrealized Gains and Losses on Available for Sale Securities 

Defined Benefit Pension Items 

Total 

Beginning balance 

() 

() 

() 

Other comprehensive income (loss) beforere classifications 

() 

() 

() 

() 

() 

Amounts reclassified from accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) 

() 

() 

() 

() 

Net current-period other comprehensive income(loss) 

() 

() 

() 

() 

() 

Ending balance 

() 

() 

() 

() 

() 

100 
 
 CIVISTA BANCSHARES, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 
 (Amounts in thousands, except share data) 
 
 NOTE 6 - OTHER COMPREHENSIVE INCOME (LOSS (Continued) 

Net gain on sale of securities 

Tax effect 

() 

() 

Income taxes 

Amortization of defined benefit pension items 

Actuarial losses 

(b) 

() 
 (b) 

() 
 (b) 
 
 Other operating expenses 

Tax effect 

Income taxes 

() 

() 

Total reclassifications for the period 

() 

() 

(a) Amounts in parentheses indicate expenses and other amounts indicate income. 

 (b) These accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) components are included in the computation of net periodic pension cost. 

Buildings and improvements 

Furniture and equipment 

Total 

Accumulated depreciation 

() 

() 

Premises and equipment, net 

Depreciation expense was , and for 2022, 2021 and 2020 , respectively. 

 101 
 
 CIVISTA BANCSHARES, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 
 (Amounts in thousands, except share data) 
 
 since December 31, 2021 as a result of the Comunibanc Corp. and VFG acquisitions, as discussed in Note 2. The balance of goodwill was at December 31, 2022 and at December 31, 2021. Management performs an evaluation of goodwill for impairment on an annual basis, or more frequently if events or changes in circumstances indicate that the asset might be impaired. Management performed an evaluation of the Company s goodwill during the fourth quarter of 2022. Based on this test, management concluded that the Company s goodwill was not impaired at December 31, 2022. 

Total core deposit intangible assets 

(1) Excludes fully amortized core deposit intangible assets 

 Aggregate core deposit intangible amortization expense was , and for 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 

Additions 

Disposals 

Amortized to expense 

Other Charges 

Change in valuation allowance 

() 

End of year 

Valuation allowance: 

Beginning of year 

Additions expensed 

Reductions credited to operations 

() 

Direct write-offs 

End of year 

The unpaid principal balance of mortgage loans serviced for third parties was at December 31, 2022 , compared to at December 31, 2021 and at December 31, 2020. Aggregate mortgage servicing rights (MSRs) amortization was , and for 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. Mortgage loan contractual servicing fees were , and for 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. Mortgage loan contractual servicing fees are included in Other income on the Consolidated Statements of Operations. NOTE 8 - GOODWILL AND INTANGIBLE ASSETS (Continued) The fair value of servicing right s was an d at year-end 2022 and 2021, respectively. Fair value at year-end 2022 was determined using a discount rate of , prepayment speeds ranging from to , depending on the stratification of the specific right, and a weighted average default rate of . Fair value at year-end 2021 was determined using a discount rate of , prepayment speeds ranging from to , depending on the stratification of the specific right, and a default rate of . 

2024 

2025 

2026 

2027 

Thereafter 

Savings and Money markets 

Certificates of Deposit: 

250 and over 

Other 

Individual Retirement Accounts 

Total 

2024 

2025 

2026 

2027 

Thereafter 

Total 

Deposits from the Company s principal shareholders, officers, directors, and their affiliates at year-end 2022 and 2021 were an d , respectively. As of December 31, 2022, CDs and IRAs totaling met or exceeded t he FDIC s insurance limit of . As of December 31, 2022, brokered deposits totaled . 

 103 
 
 CIVISTA BANCSHARES, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 
 (Amounts in thousands, except share data) 

Maximum indebtedness during the year 

Average balance during the year 

Average rate paid during the year 

Interest rate on year end balance 

At December 31, 2020 

Federal Funds Purchased 

Short-term Borrowings 

Outstanding balance at year end 

Maximum indebtedness during the year 

Average balance during the year 

Average rate paid during the year 

Interest rate on year end balance 

Average balances during the year represent daily averages. Average interest rates represent interest expense divided by the related average balances. These borrowing transactions can range from overnight to six months in maturity. The average maturity wa s days at December 31, 2022. At December 31, 2021 and 2020 , there were no short-term borrowings with outstanding balances. 

 and at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 , respectively. Outstanding balances have a maturity dates between and with fixed rates ranging from to . The average rate on outstanding advances was at December 31, 2022. Outstanding advances are prepayable in whole or in part and could be subject to a termination fee. Other borrowings totaled at December 31, 2022, and include borrowings assumed in the acquisition of VFG. The weighted average rate on these borrowings was and the weighted average life was months. 

2024 

2025 

2026 

2027 

Thereafter 

Total 

NOTE 11 - FEDERAL HOME LOAN BANK ADVANCES AND OTHER BORROWINGS (Continued) In addition to FHLB borrowings, the Company had outstanding letters of credit with the FHLB totaling and at year-end 2022 and 2021 , respectively, used for pledging to secure public funds. FHLB borrowings and the letters of credit were collateralized by FHLB stock and by and of residential mortgage loans under a blanket lien arrangement at year-end 2022 and 2021, respectively. The Company had a FHLB maximum borrowing capacity of as of December 31, 2022 , with remaining borrowing capacity of approximately . The borrowing arrangement with the FHLB is subject to annual renewal. The maximum borrowing capacity is recalculated at least quarterly. 

Obligations of U.S. government agencies 

Total securities pledged 

Gross amount of recognized liabilities for repurchase agreements 

Amounts related to agreements not included in offsetting disclosures above 

Average balance during the year 

Average interest rate during the year 

Maximum month-end balance during the year 

Weighted average interest rate at year end 

105 
 
 CIVISTA BANCSHARES, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 
 (Amounts in thousands, except share data) 
 
 , the rate was at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively - maturing December 31, 2031 

First Citizens Statutory Trust II - variable interest equal to 3-month LIBOR plus , which was and at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively - maturing March 26, 2033 

First Citizens Statutory Trust III - variable interest equal to 3-month LIBOR plus , which was and at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively - maturing September 20, 2034 

First Citizens Statutory Trust IV - variable interest equal to 3-month LIBOR plus , which was and at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively - maturing March 23, 2037 

Futura TPF Trust I - variable interest rate equal to 3-month LIBOR plus , which was and at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively - maturing June 15, 2035 

Futura TPF Trust II - variable interest rate equal to 3-month LIBOR plus , which was and at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively - maturing June 15, 2035 

Total subordinated debentures 

On November 30, 2021, the Company entered into a Subordinated Note Purchase Agreement pursuant to which the Company sold and issued aggregate principal amount of its Fixed-to-Floating Rate Subordinated Notes due . The Notes have a stated maturity of . The Notes will initially bear interest at a fixed rate of per annum, from and including November 30, 2021, to but excluding December 1, 2026, with interest payable semi-annually in arrears. From and including December 1, 2026, to but excluding the stated maturity date or early redemption date, the interest rate will reset quarterly to an annual floating rate equal the then-current benchmark rate, which will initially be the three-month Secured Overnight Financing Rate (SOFR) plus basis points, with interest during such period payable quarterly in arrears. If three-month SOFR cannot be determined during the applicable floating rate period, a different index will be determined and used in accordance with the terms of Notes and underlying Indenture. Prior to December 1, 2026, the Company may redeem the Notes, in whole but not in part, only under certain limited circumstances as set forth in the Indenture. On or after December 1, 2026, the Company may, at its option, redeem the Notes, in whole or in part, on any interest payment date, subject to the receipt of any required regulatory approvals. Any redemption by the Company would be at a redemption price equal to of the principal amount of the Notes to be redeemed plus accrued and unpaid interest to but excluding the date of redemption. On March 26, 2003, the Company formed First Citizens Statutory Trust II. The Company issued of subordinated debentures to First Citizens Statutory Trust II in exchange for ownership of all the common securities of the First Citizens Statutory Trust II. The Company is not considered the primary beneficiary of First Citizens Statutory Trust II; therefore, the trust is not consolidated in the Company's financial statements, but rather the subordinated debentures are shown as a liability. The Company's investment in the common stock of the trust was and is included in Other assets. NOTE 13 - SUBORDINATED DEBENTURES (Continued) On September 20, 2004, the Company formed First Citizens Statutory Trust III. The Company issued of subordinated debentures to First Citizens Statutory Trust III in exchange for ownership of all the common securities of the First Citizens Statutory Trust III. The Company is not considered the primary beneficiary of First Citizens Statutory Trust III; therefore, the trust is not consolidated in the Company's financial statements, but rather the subordinated debentures are shown as a liability. The Company's investment in the common stock of the trust was and is included in Other assets. On March 23, 2007, the Company formed First Citizens Statutory Trust IV. The Company issued of subordinated debentures to First Citizens Statutory Trust IV in exchange for ownership of all the common securities of the First Citizens Statutory Trust IV. The Company is not considered the primary beneficiary of First Citizens Statutory Trust IV; therefore, the trust is not consolidated in the Company's financial statements, but rather the subordinated debentures are shown as a liability. The Company's investment in the common stock of the trust was and is included in Other assets. In conjunction with the acquisition of Futura Banc Corp. Futura on December 17, 2007, the Company assumed of subordinated debentures that were recorded at a fair value of at the time of acquisition. On June 15, 2005, Futura issued of subordinated debentures to Futura TPF Trust I in exchange for ownership of all the common securities of the trust. On June 15, 2005, Futura issued of subordinated debentures to Futura TPF Trust II in exchange for ownership of all the common securities of the trust. The Company is not considered the primary beneficiary of Futura TPF Trust I or Futura TPF Trust II; therefore, the trusts are not consolidated in the Company's financial statements, but rather the subordinated debentures are shown as a liability. The Company's investment in the common stock of the trusts was and is included in Other assets. For all the debentures mentioned above, interest is payable quarterly. The debentures and the common securities issued by each of the trusts are redeemable in whole or in part on dates specified in the trust indenture document. All of the subordinated debentures mentioned above may be included in Tier 1 capital (with certain limitations applicable) under current regulatory guidelines and interpretations. 

State 

Deferred 

() 

Income taxes 

in 2022, 2021 and 2020 due to the following: 

2022 

2021 

2020 

Income taxes computed at the statutory federal tax rate 

Add (subtract) tax effect of: 

Nontaxable interest income, net of nondeductible interest expense 

() 

() 

() 

Low income housing tax credit 

() 

() 

() 

Cash surrender value of BOLI 

() 

() 

() 

Other 

() 

() 

Income tax expense 

NOTE 14 - INCOME TAXES (Continued) 

Deferred compensation 

Pension costs 

Intangible assets 

Net operating loss carryforward 

Deferred loan fees 

Unrealized gain on securities available for sale 

Unrealized gain on securities purchased 

Other 

Deferred tax asset 

Deferred tax liabilities 

Tax depreciation in excess of book depreciation 

() 

() 

Discount accretion on securities 

() 

() 

FHLB stock dividends 

() 

() 

Purchase accounting adjustments 

() 

Unrealized gain on securities available for sale 

() 

Prepaids 

() 

() 

Other 

() 

() 

Deferred tax liability 

() 

() 

Net deferred tax asset 

valuation allowance was established at December 31, 2022 and 2021, due to the Company s ability to carryforward net operating losses to taxes paid in future years and certain tax strategies, coupled with the anticipated future income as evidenced by the Company s earning potential. The Company files income tax returns in the U.S. Federal and various state jurisdictions. The Company records interest and penalties, if any, in other interest income. There is currently liability for uncertain tax positions and known unrecognized tax benefits. The Company s federal tax returns for taxable years through 2018 h ave been closed for purposes of examination by the Internal Revenue Service. At December 21, 2022, the Company had million in net operating losses subject to 382 limitations. valuation allowance is recorded as these are expected to be fully utilized and have no expiration. 

 , which covers all employees who meet certain eligibility requirements and who choose to participate in the plan. The matching contribution to the 401(k) pl an was , and in 2022, 2021 and 2020 , respectively. The Company also sponsors a pension plan which is a noncontributory defined benefit retirement plan for all employees who have attained the age of 20 1 2 , completed of service and work 1,000 or more hours per year. Annual payments, subject to the maximum amount deductible for federal income tax purposes, are made to a pension trust fund. In 2006, the Company amended the pension plan to provide that no employee could be added as a participant to the pension plan after December 31, 2006. In April 2014, the Company amended the pension plan again to provide that additional benefits would accrue beyond April 30, 2014. NOTE 15 - RETIREMENT PLANS (Continued) In October 2015, the Company, on behalf of it and its subsidiaries, entered into Pension Shortfall Agreements (the Shortfall Agreements with employees of Civista. When the Company ceased accruals to its defined benefit pension plan on April 30, 2014, the circumstances of some participants with limited periods until their anticipated retirement dates would not permit them to use other available alternatives to make up for the shortfall in their expected pension. The Company calculated the total amount of the shortfall for each of the referenced individuals after considering its contributions to other retirement benefits. Pension shortfall expense was i n 2022 , in 2021 and in 2020. Included in pension shortfall expense was interest expense, totaling , and in 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively, which was also recorded in and credited to the accounts of the ten individuals covered by this plan. 

Service cost 

Interest cost 

Curtailment gain 

Settlement loss 

Actuarial (gain)/loss 

() 

() 

Benefits paid 

() 

() 

Settlement payments 

() 

Ending benefit obligation 

Change in plan assets, at fair value: 

Beginning plan assets 

Actual return 

() 

Employer contribution 

Benefits paid 

() 

() 

Settlement payments 

Administrative expenses 

Ending plan assets 

Funded status at end of year 

() 

Amounts recognized in accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) at December 31, consist of unrecognized actuarial loss of , net of t ax in 2022 and , net of tax in 2021. The accumulated benefit obligation for the defined benefit pension plan was at December 31, 2022 and at December 31, 2021. NOTE 15 - RETIREMENT PLANS (Continued) 

Expected return on plan assets 

() 

() 

() 

Net amortization and deferral 

Net periodic pension cos t (benefit) 

() 

Additional loss due to settlement 

Total pension cost (benefit) 

() 

Net loss (gain) recognized in other comprehensive income 

() 

() 

Total recognized in net periodic benefit cost and other comprehensive loss (before tax) 

() 

() 

The components of net periodic benefit cost other than the service cost component are included in the line item Other operating expenses in the Consolidated Statement of Operations. The estimated net loss for the defined benefit pension plan that will be amortized from accumulated other comprehensive loss into net periodic benefit cost over the next fisca l year is . T he Company incurred settlement costs in 2022, 2021 and 2020 of , and , respectively. 

Long-term rate of return on plan assets 

Rate of compensation increase 

Long-term rate of return on plan assets 

Rate of compensation increase 

The Company uses long-term market rates to determine the discount rate on the benefit obligation. Declines in the discount rate lead to increases in the actuarial loss related to the benefit obligation. The expectation for long-term rate of return on the pension assets and the expected rate of compensation increases are reviewed periodically by management in consultation with outside actuaries and primary investment consultants. Factors considered in setting and adjusting these rates are historic and projected rates of return on the portfolio and historic and estimated rates of increases of compensation. Since the pension plan is frozen, the rate of compensation increase used to determine the benefit obligation for 2022, 2021 and 2020 was . NOTE 15 - RETIREMENT PLANS (Continued) - 

Debt securities 
 
 - 

Total 

The Company developed the pension plan investment policies and strategies for plan assets with its pension management firm. The assets are currently invested in seven diversified investment funds, which include four equity funds and three bond funds. The long-term guidelines from above were created to maximize the return on portfolio assets while reducing the risk of the portfolio. The management firm may allocate assets among the separate accounts within the established long-term guidelines. Transfers among these accounts will be at the management firm s discretion based on their investment outlook and the investment strategies that are outlined at periodic meetings with the Company. The expected long-term rate of return on the plan assets was in 2022 and in 2021. This return is based on the expected return for each of the asset categories, weighted based on the target allocation for each class. The Company does t expect to make any contribution to its pension plan in 2023. Employer contributions totaled in 2021 and 2021. An increase in the benefit obligations, offset by a decrease in the fair value of plan assets led to a decrease i n the deficit from at December 31, 2021 to a funded status of at December 31, 2022. Common/Collective Trust Funds Valued at the daily NAV as reported by the funds. These funds are not traded in an active market or exchange, and the NAV per unit is calculated by dividing the net assets of the fund by the number of units outstanding, which includes observable inputs. The method described above may produce a fair value calculation that may not be indicative of net realizable value or reflective of future fair values. Furthermore, while the pension plan believes its valuation method is appropriate and consistent with other market participants, the use of different methodologies or assumptions to determine the fair value of certain financial instruments could result in a different fair value measurement at the reporting date. Certain investments that are measured at fair value using the NAV per share (or its equivalent) as a practical expedient are not required to be categorized in the fair value hierarchy tables. Fair Value of Investments in Entities That Use NAV 

N/A 

Daily 
 
 NOTE 15 - RETIREMENT PLANS (Continued) 

December 31, 2021 
 
 Fair Value 

Unfunded Commitments 
 
 Redemption Frequency (if currently eligible) 
 
 Redemption Notice Period 

Common/collective trust funds 

N/A 

Daily 

The methods described above may produce a fair value calculation that may not be indicative of net realizable value or reflective of future fair values. Furthermore, while the Pension Plan believes its valuation methods are appropriate and consistent with other market participants, the use of different methodologies or assumptions to determine the fair value of certain financial instruments could result in a different fair value measurement at the reporting date. 

2024 

2025 

2026 

2027 

2028 through 2031 

Total 

Supplemental Retirement Plan Civista established a supplemental retirement plan SERP in 2013, which covers key members of management. Under the SERP, participants will receive annually, following retirement, a percentage of their base compensations at the time of their retirement for a maximum of . The SERP liability recorded at December 31, 2022, was , c ompared to at December 31, 2021. The expense related to the SERP was , and for 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. Distributions to participants made in 2022, 2021 and 2020 totaled , , and , respectively. 

 common shares of the Company. There were s hares available for grants under this plan at December 31, 2022. options had been granted under the 2014 Incentive Plan as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. In recent years, the Board of Directors has awarded restricted common shares to senior officers of the Company. The restricted shares vest ratably over a period following the grant date. The product of the number of restricted shares granted and the grant date market price of the Company s common shares determines the fair value of restricted shares under the Company s 2014 Incentive Plan. Management recognizes compensation expense for the fair value of restricted shares on a straight-line basis over the requisite service period for the entire award. During the twelve months ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, directors of the Company s banking subsidiary, Civista, were paid a retainer in the form of non-restricted common shares of the Company. An aggregate of , and common shares were issued to Civista directors in 2022, 2021 and 2021, respectively, as payment of their retainer for their service on the Civista Board of Directors. The issuances were expensed in their entirety when the shares were issued in the amounts of , and , respectively. The Company includes share-based compensation for employees as Compensation expense in the Consolidated Statements of Operations. NOTE 16 - EQUITY INCENTIVE PLAN (Continued) 

Granted 

Vested 

() 

Forfeited 

() 

Nonvested at end of period 

During the twelve months ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, the Company recorded share-based compensation expense of , and , respectively, and director retainer fees of , and , respectively, for shares granted under the 2014 Incentive Plan. At December 31, 2022, the total compensation cost related to unvested awards not yet recognized was , which is expected to be recognized over the weighted average remaining life of the grants of years. 

NOTE 17 - FAIR VALUE MEASUREMENT (Continued) Equity securities: The Company has two types of equity securities, one is not actively traded in an open market, while the other is listed on an exchange and is less frequently traded. The fair value of the equity security available for sale not actively traded in an open market is determined by using market data inputs for similar securities that are observable. (Level 2 inputs). Fair value swap asset/liability: The fair value of the swap asset and liability is based on an external derivative model using data inputs as of the valuation date and classified Level 2. Impaired loans: The Company generally measures impairment on impaired loans based on the fair value of the loan s collateral. Fair value is generally determined based upon independent third-party appraisals of the properties. In some cases, management may adjust the appraised value due to the age of the appraisal, changes in market conditions, or observable deterioration of the property since the appraisal was completed. Additionally, management makes estimates about expected costs to sell the property which are also included in the net realizable value. If the fair value of the collateral dependent loan is less than the carrying amount of the loan, a specific reserve for the loan is made in the allowance for loan losses or a charge-off is taken to reduce the loan to the fair value of the collateral (less estimated selling costs) and the loan is included in the table below as a Level 3 measurement. Mortgage servicing rights: Mortgage servicing rights do not trade in an active market with readily observable market data. As a result, the Company estimates the fair value of mortgage servicing rights by using a discounted cash flow model to calculate the present value of estimated future net servicing income. The Company stratifies its mortgage servicing portfolio on the basis of loan type. The assumptions used in the discounted cash flow model are those that the Company believes market participants would use in estimating future net servicing income. Significant assumptions in the valuation of mortgage servicing rights include estimated loan repayment rates, the discount rate, servicing costs, and the timing of cash flows, among other factors. Mortgage servicing rights are classified as Level 3 measurements due to the use of significant unobservable inputs, as well as significant management judgment and estimation. Other real estate owned: OREO is carried at the lower of cost or fair value, which is measured at the date foreclosure. If the fair value of the collateral exceeds the carrying amount of the loan, no charge-off or adjustment is necessary, the loan is not considered to be carried at fair value, and is therefore not included in the table below. If the fair value of the collateral is less than the carrying amount of the loan, management will charge the loan down to its estimated realizable value. Management may adjust the appraised value due to the age of the appraisal, changes in market conditions, or observable deterioration of the property since the appraisal was completed. In these cases, the properties are categorized in the below table as Level 3 measurements since these adjustments are considered to be unobservable inputs. Income and expenses from operations are included in other operating expenses. Further declines in the fair value of the collateral subsequent to foreclosure are included in net gain on sale of other real estate owned. NOTE 17 - FAIR VALUE MEASUREMENT (Continued) 

Obligations of states and political subdivisions 

Mortgage-backed securities in government sponsored entities 

Total securities available for sale 

Equity securities 

Swap asset 

Liabilities measured at fair value on a recurring basis: 

Swap liability 

Assets measured at fair value on a nonrecurring basis: 

Mortgage servicing rights 

Fair Value Measurements at December 31, 2021 using: 

(Level 1) 

(Level 2) 

(Level 3) 

Assets measured at fair value on a recurring basis: 

Securities available for sale 

U.S. Treasury securities and obligations of U.S. Government agencies 

Obligations of states and political subdivisions 

Mortgage-backed securities in government sponsored entities 

Total securities available for sale 

Equity securities 

Swap asset 

Liabilities measured at fair value on a recurring basis: 

Swap liability 

Assets measured at fair value on a nonrecurring basis: 

Impaired loans 

Mortgage servicing rights 

NOTE 17 - FAIR VALUE MEASUREMENT (Continued) 

Discounted Cash Flows 
 
 Constant Prepayment Rate 
 
 - 

Discount Rate 

Quantitative Information about Level 3 Fair Value Measurements 

December 31, 2021 
 
 Fair Value 

Valuation Technique 
 
 Unobservable Input 
 
 Range 
 
 Weighted Average 

Impaired loans 

Appraisal of collateral 
 
 Appraisal adjustments 

Holding period 
 
 months 
 
 months 

Mortgage Servicing Rights 

Discounted Cash Flows 
 
 Constant Prepayment Rate 
 
 - 

Discount Rate 

Other securities 

Loans, held for sale 

Loans, net of allowance for loan losses 

Bank owned life insurance 

Accrued interest receivable 

Financial Liabilities: 

Nonmaturing deposits 

Time deposits 

Short-term FHLB advances 

Long-term FHLB advances 

Securities sold under agreement to repurchase 

Subordinated debentures 

Other borrowings 

Accrued interest payable 

NOTE 17 - FAIR VALUE MEASUREMENT (Continued) 

December 31, 2021 
 
 Carrying Amount 

Total Fair Value 

Level 1 

Level 2 

Level 3 

Financial Assets: 

Cash and due from financial institutions 

Other securities 

Loans, held for sale 

Loans, net of allowance for loan losses 

Bank owned life insurance 

Accrued interest receivable 

Financial Liabilities: 

Nonmaturing deposits 

Time deposits 

Long-term FHLB advances 

Securities sold under agreement to repurchase 

Subordinated debentures 

Accrued interest payable 

Overdraft protection 

Letters of credit 

Commitments to make loans are generally made for a period of or less. Fixed-rate loan commitments included above had interest rates ranging from to at December 31, 2022 and to at December 31, 2021 . Maturities extend up to years. Civista is required to maintain certain reserve balances on hand in accordance with the Federal Reserve Board requirements. The average reserve balance maintained in accordance with such requirements was on December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively. CBI and Civista are parties to various claims and proceedings arising in the normal course of business. Management, after consultation with legal counsel, believes that the liabilities, if any, arising from such proceedings and claims will not be material to the consolidated balance sheet or results of operations. 

 118 
 
 CIVISTA BANCSHARES, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 
 (Amounts in thousands, except share data) 
 
 NOTE 19 - CAPITAL REQUIREMENTS AND RESTRICTION ON RETAINED EARNINGS (Continued) As of December 31, 2022, and 2021, the most recent notification from the Federal Reserve Bank categorized Civista as well capitalized under the regulatory framework for prompt corrective action. To be categorized as well capitalized, Civista must maintain minimum total risk-based capital, Tier 1 risk-based capital, common equity Tier 1 risk-based capital, and Tier 1 leverage ratios as set forth in the table below. There are no conditions or events since that notification that management believes have changed Civista s category. 

n/a 

n/a 

Civista 

Tier I Risk Based Capital 

Consolidated 

n/a 

n/a 

Civista 

CET1 Risk Based Capital 

Consolidated 

n/a 

n/a 

Civista 

Leverage 

Consolidated 

n/a 

n/a 

Civista 

2021 

Total Risk Based Capital 

Consolidated 

n/a 

n/a 

Civista 

Tier I Risk Based Capital 

Consolidated 

n/a 

n/a 

Civista 

CET1 Risk Based Capital 

Consolidated 

n/a 

n/a 

Civista 

Leverage 

Consolidated 

n/a 

n/a 

Civista 

CBI s primary source of funds for paying dividends to its shareholders and for operating expense is the cash accumulated from dividends received from Civista. Payment of dividends by Civista to CBI is subject to restrictions by Civista s regulatory agencies. These restrictions generally limit dividends to the current and prior two years retained earnings as defined by the regulations. In addition, dividends may not reduce capital levels below minimum regulatory requirements. At December 31, 2022, Civista had of net profits available to pay dividends to CBI without requiring regulatory approval. 

 120 
 
 CIVISTA BANCSHARES, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 
 (Amounts in thousands, except share data) 

Equity securities 

Investment in bank subsidiary 

Investment in nonbank subsidiaries 

Other assets 

Total assets 

Liabilities: 

Deferred income taxes and other liabilities 

Subordinated debentures 

Total liabilities 

Shareholders Equity: 

Common stock 

Accumulated earnings 

Treasury stock 

() 

() 

Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) 

() 

Total shareholders equity 

Total liabilities and shareholders equity 

Dividends from non-bank subsidiaries 

Interest expense 

() 

() 

() 

Pension expense 

() 

() 

Other expense, net 

() 

() 

() 

Income before equity in undistributed net earnings of subsidiaries 

Income tax benefit 

Equity in undistributed net earnings of subsidiaries 

Net income 

Comprehensive income (loss) 

() 

NOTE 20 - PARENT COMPANY ONLY CONDENSED FINANCIAL INFORMATION (Continued) 

Adjustment to reconcile net income to net cash from operating activities: 

Change in other assets and other liabilities 

Equity in undistributed net earnings of subsidiaries 

() 

() 

() 

Net cash from operating activities 

Investing activities: 

Disposal of minority interest 

Acquisition and additional capitalization of subsidiary, net of cash acquired 

() 

() 

Net cash used for investing activities 

() 

() 

Financing activities: 

Proceeds from subordinated debenture, net of issuance costs 

Purchase of treasury stock 

() 

() 

() 

Cash dividends paid 

() 

() 

() 

Net cash provided by (used for) financing activities 

() 

() 

Net change in cash and cash equivalents 

() 

() 

Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of year 

Cash and cash equivalents at end of year 

122 
 
 CIVISTA BANCSHARES, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 
 (Amounts in thousands, except share data) 

Less allocation of earnings and dividends to participating securities 

Net income available to common shareholders basic 

Weighted average common shares outstanding 

Less average participating securities 

Weighted average number of shares outstanding used in the calculation of basic earnings per common share 

Basic earnings per share 

Diluted 

Net income available to common shareholders basic 

Net income available to common shareholders diluted 

Weighted average common shares outstanding used in the calculation of earnings per common share basic 

Add: dilutive effects of convertible preferred shares 

Average shares and dilutive potential common shares outstanding diluted 

Diluted earnings per share 

Basic earnings per common share are calculated by dividing net income by the weighted-average number of common shares outstanding for the period. Diluted earnings per common share include the dilutive effect, if any, of additional potential common shares issuable under the equity incentive plan, computed using the treasury stock method, and the impact of the Company s convertible preferred shares using the if converted method. 

 NOTE 22 - DERIVATIVE HEDGING INSTRUMENTS (Continued) 

Counterparty positions with financial institutions in an asset position 

Total included in other assets 

Included in accrued expenses and other liabilities: 

Interest rate swaps with loan customers in a liability position 

Counterparty positions with financial institutions in an asset position 

() 

Counterparty positions with financial institutions in a liability position 

Total included in accrued expenses and other liabilities 

Gross notional positions with customers 

Gross notional positions with financial institution counterparties 

() 

Total 

() 

The Company monitors and controls all derivative products with a comprehensive Board of Director approved commercial loan swap policy. All hedge transactions must be approved in advance by the Lenders Loan Committee or the Directors Loan Committee of the Board of Directors. The Company classifies changes in the fair value of derivatives with Other in the Consolidated Statements of Operation. Any fees paid to enter the swap contract at inception are recognized in earnings when received. Such fees amounted to a nd during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. At December 31, 2022 , the Company did t have any cash or securities pledged as collateral on its interest rate swaps with third party financial institutions. At December 31, 2021 , the Company had cash and securities at fair value pledged as collateral on its interest rate swaps with third party financial institutions of and , respectively. 

124 
 
 CIVISTA BANCSHARES, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 
 (Amounts in thousands, except share data) 
 
 and , respectively. These balances are reflected in the other assets line on the Consolidated Balance Sheet. The unfunded commitments related to the investments in qualified affordab le housing projects totaled and at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. These balances are reflected in the Accrued expenses and other liabilities line on the Consolidated Balance Sheet. During the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, the Company recognized amortization expense with respect to its investments in qualified affordable housing projects of , and , respectively, which was included within pre-tax income on the Consolidated Statements of Operations. Additionally, during the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, the Company recognized tax credits and other benefits from its investments in affordable housing tax credits of , and , respectively. During the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 , the Company did t incur impairment losses related to its investment in qualified affordable housing projects. 

 NOTE 24 REVENUE RECOGNITION (Continued) Tax Refund Processing Fees The Company facilitates the payment of federal and state income tax refunds in partnership with a third-party vendor. Refund Transfers RTs are fee-based products whereby a tax refund is issued to the taxpayer after the Company has received the refund from the federal or state government. As part of this agreement the Company earns fee income, the majority of which is received in the first quarter of the year. The Company s fee income revenue is recognized based on the estimated percent of business completed by each date. Other Other noninterest income consists of other recurring revenue streams such as check order fees, wire transfer fees, safety deposit box rental fees, item processing fees and other miscellaneous revenue streams. Check order income mainly represents fees charged to customers for checks. Wire transfer fees represent revenue from processing wire transfers. Safe deposit box rental fees are charged to the customer on an annual basis and recognized upon receipt of payment. The Company determined that since rentals and renewals occur fairly consistently over time, revenue is recognized on a basis consistent with the duration of the performance obligation. Item processing fee income represents fees charged to other financial institutions for processing their transactions. Payment is typically received in the following month. 

ATM/Interchange fees 

Wealth management fees 

Tax refund processing fees 

Other 

Noninterest Income (in-scope of Topic 606) 

Noninterest Income (out-of-scope of Topic 606) 

Total Noninterest Income 

NOTE 25 LEASES (Continued) 

Liabilities: 

Operating lease 
 
 Accrued expenses and other liabilities 

Short-term lease cost 

Sublease income 

() 

() 

Total lease cost 

2024 

2025 

2026 

2027 

Thereafter 

Total lease payments 

Less: Imputed Interest 

Present value of lease liabilities 

Weighted-average discount rate - operating leases 

The Company is the lessor of equipment under operating leases to a wide variety of customers, from commercial and industrial to government and healthcare. The operating lease assets are presented on the balance sheet as Premises and equipment. The Company records lease revenue over the term of the lease and retains ownership of the related assets which are depreciated over the estimated useful life, normally two to . The Company also leases equipment to customers under direct financing leases. At the inception of each lease, the lease receivables, together with the present value of the estimated unguaranteed residual values are presented on the balance sheet as Loans. The excess of the lease receivables and residual values over the cost of the equipment is recorded as unearned lease income and will be recognized over the lease term, normally two to as well. 

 128 
 
 Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements With Acco untants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 The Company has had no disagreements with its independent accountants on matters of accounting principles or practices, financial statement disclosure, or auditing scope or procedure required to be reported under this Item. 
 Item 9A. Controls and Procedures 
 Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
 Under the supervision and with the participation of our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and our Principal Accounting Officer, we evaluated the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures, as defined in Rule 13a-15 under the Exchange Act, as of the end of the fiscal year covered by this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Based upon that evaluation, our Chief Executive Officer and Principal Accounting Officer concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures as of December 31, 2022, were effective. 
 
 Management s Annual Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 The MANAGEMENT S REPORT ON INTERNAL CONTROL OVER FINANCIAL REPORTING is included in ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 
 Audit Report of the Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 
 The REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM is included in ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 There were no changes in the Company s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the Company s most recent fiscal quarter ended December 31, 2022 that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, the Company s internal control over financial reporting. 
 Item 9B. Other Information 
 There was no information the Company was required to disclose in a current report on Form 8-K during the fourth quarter of 2022 that was not reported. 
 
 Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspe ctions 
 Not Applicable 
 
 129 
 
 PART III 
 Item 10. Directors, Executive Of ficers, and Corporate Governance 
 The information contained under the captions Proposal 1 Election of Directors , Beneficial Ownership of Common Shares of the Corporation Section 16(a) Reports , Board of Director Meetings and Committees Committees of the Board Audit Committee , Corporate Governance Code of Ethics , Corporate Governance Nominating Procedure and Executive Officers of the Corporation in the 2023 Proxy Statement is incorporated herein by reference in response to this Item. 
 
 The procedures by which shareholders of the Company may recommend nominees to the Company s Board of Directors are described under the caption Corporate Governance Nominating Procedure in the 2023 Proxy Statement. The procedures by which shareholders of the Company may recommend nominees to the Company s Board of Directors have not materially changed from those described in the Company s definitive Proxy Statement for the 2022 annual meeting of shareholders held on April 19, 2022. 
 
 Item 11. Executi ve Compensation. 
 The information contained under the captions 2022 Compensation of Directors , Compensation Committee Interlocks and Insider Participation and Executive Compensation in the 2023 Proxy Statement is incorporated herein by reference in response to this Item. 
 Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Own ers and Management and Related Stockholder Matters. 
 The information contained under the caption Beneficial Ownership of Common Shares of the Company in the 2023 Proxy Statement is incorporated herein by reference in response to this Item. 
 The following table shows the number of common shares remaining available for awards under the Company s 2014 Incentive Plan at December 31, 2022. 

Equity Compensation Plan Information 

Plan category 
 
 (a) Number of Common Shares to be issued upon exercise of outstanding options, warrants and rights (a) 

(b) Weighted-average exercise price of outstanding options, warrants and rights (b) 

(c) Number of Common Shares remaining available for future issuance under equity compensation plans (excluding common shares reflected in column (a) 

Equity compensation plans approved by shareholders 

154,123 

Equity compensation plans not approved by shareholders 

Total 

154,123 

Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence. 
 The information contained under the caption Corporate Governance Director Independence and Corporate Governance Transactions with Directors, Officers and Related Persons in the 2023 Proxy Statement is incorporated herein by reference in response to this Item. 
 Item 14. Principal Accou ntant Fees and Services. 
 The information contained under the caption Audit Committee Matters of the 2023 Proxy Statement is incorporated herein by reference in response to this Item. 
 130 
 
 PART IV 
 Item 15. Exhibit and Fina ncial Statement Schedules 
 (a) Documents filed as a Part of the Report 

1. Financial Statements. Civista Bancshares, Inc. s Report of Independent Auditors and Consolidated Financial Statements and accompanying notes are filed as part of this document under Item 8. 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm on Financial Statements (PCAOB ID: 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets - December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 Consolidated Statements of Operations - For the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 
 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income - For the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 
 Consolidated Statements of Changes in Shareholders Equity - For the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows - For the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 2. Financial Statement Schedules. All schedules are omitted because they are not applicable or the required information is shown in the financial statements or notes thereto. 

131 
 
 3. Exhibits 

Exhibit 
 Description 
 Location 

2.1 
 Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated January 10, 2022 by and between Civista Bancshares, Inc. and Comunibanc Corp. 
 Filed as Exhibit 2.1 to Civista Bancshares, Inc. s Current Report on Form 8-K dated and filed on January 10, 2022 and incorporated herein by reference. (File No. 001-36192). 

2.2 
 Stock Purchase Agreement, dated as of September 29, 2022, by and among Civista Bancshares, Inc., Vision Financial Group, Inc., and Frederick Summers 
 Filed as Exhibit 2.1 to Civista Bancshares, Inc. s Current Report on Form 8-K dated September 29, 2022 and filed on September 30, 2022 and incorporated herein by reference. (File No. 001-36192). 

3.1 
 Second Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation of Civista Bancshares, Inc., as filed with the Ohio Secretary of State on November 15, 2018 
 Filed as Exhibit 3.1 to Civista Bancshares, Inc. s Current Report on Form 8-K dated and filed on November 16, 2018 and incorporated herein by reference (File No. 001-36192). 

3.2 
 Amended and Restated Code of Regulations of Civista Bancshares, Inc. (adopted April 15, 2008). 
 Filed as Exhibit 3.2 to Civista Bancshares, Inc. s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the period ended September 30, 2017, filed on November 8, 2017 and incorporated herein by reference. (File No. 001-36192) 

4.1 
 Indenture dated November 30, 2021, by and between Civista Bancshares, Inc. and UMB Bank, National Association, as Trustee. 
 Filed as Exhibit 4.1 to Civista Bancshares, Inc. s Current Report on Form 8-K dated and filed on November 30, 2022 and incorporated herein by reference (File No. 001-36192). 

4.2 
 Forms of 3.25 Fixed-to-Floating Rate Subordinated Notes due 2031. 
 Included as Exhibit A-1 and Exhibit A-2 to the Indenture filed as Exhibit 4.1 hereto. 

4.3 
 Agreement to furnish instrument and agreements defining rights of holders of long-term debt. 
 Included herewith. 

4.4 
 Description of Capital Stock of Civista Bancshares, Inc. 
 Filed as Exhibit 4.2 to Civista Bancshares, Inc. s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2021, filed on March 15, 2021 and incorporated herein by reference (File No. 001-36192). 

10.1 
 Form of Change in Control Agreement by and among Civista Bancshares, Inc., Civista Bank and certain executive officers. 
 Filed as Exhibit 10.1 to Civista Bancshares, Inc. s Current Report on Form 8-K dated and filed on March 8, 2019 and incorporated herein by reference. (File No. 001-36192). 

10.2 
 Form of Amended and Restated Change in Control Agreement by and among Civista Bancshares, Inc., Civista Bank and certain executive officers. 
 Filed as Exhibit 10.1 to Civista Bancshares, Inc. s Current Report on Form 8-K dated and filed on March 8, 2019 and incorporated herein by reference. (File No. 001-36192). 

10.3 
 Form of Pension Shortfall Agreement by and among Civista Bancshares, Inc., Civista Bank and certain executive officers. 
 Filed as Exhibit 10.2 to Civista Bancshares, Inc. s Current Report on Form 8-K dated and filed on October 29, 2015 and incorporated herein by reference. (File No. 001-36192). 

10.4 
 Supplemental Nonqualified Executive Retirement Plan 
 Filed as Exhibit 10.12 to Civista Bancshares, Inc. s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2011, filed on March 15, 2012 and incorporated herein by reference (File No. 0-25980). 

10.5 
 Amendment to Supplemental Nonqualified Executive Retirement Plan 
 Filed as Exhibit 10.13 to Civista Bancshares, Inc. s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2011, filed on March 15, 2012 and incorporated herein by reference (File No. 0-25980). 

10.6 
 Second Amendment to Supplemental Nonqualified Executive Retirement Plan 
 Filed as Exhibit 10.1 to Civista Bancshares, Inc. s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the period ended June 30, 2016, filed on August 9, 2016 and incorporated herein by reference (File No. 1-36192) 

132 

Exhibit 
 Description 
 Location 

10.7 
 2018 Amendment to Supplemental Nonqualified Executive Retirement Plan 
 Filed as Exhibit 10.1 to Civista Bancshares, Inc. s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the period ended June 30, 2018, filed on August 8, 2018 and incorporated herein by reference (File No. 1-36192). 

10.8 
 Civista Bancshares, Inc. 2014 Incentive Plan 
 Filed as Exhibit 10.1 to Civista Bancshares, Inc. s Registration Statement on Form S-8 filed on February 26, 2015 and incorporated herein by reference (File No. 333-202316). 

10.9 
 Form of Restricted Stock Award Agreement under Civista Bancshares, Inc. 2014 Incentive Plan 
 Filed as Exhibit 10.8 to Civista Bancshares, Inc. s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2018, filed on March 15, 2019 and incorporated herein by reference. (File No. 1-36192) 

21.1 
 Subsidiaries of Civista Bancshares, Inc 
 Included herewith 

23.1 
 Consent of FORVIS, LLP 
 Included herewith 

23.2 
 Consent of S.R. Snodgrass, P.C. 
 Included herewith 

31.1 
 Rule 13a-14(a)/15-d-14(a) Certification of Chief Executive Officer 
 Included herewith 

31.2 
 Rule 13a-14(a)/15-d-14(a) Certification of Principal Accounting Officer 
 Included herewith 

32.1 
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 Included herewith 

32.2 
 Certification of Principal Accounting Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 Included herewith 

101 
 The following materials from Civista Bancshares, Inc. s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022, formatted in Inline XBRL (eXtensible Business Reporting Language) pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T: (i) Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2022 and 2021; (ii) Consolidated Statements of Operations for each of the three years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020; (iii) Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income for each of the three years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020; (iv) Consolidated Statements of Changes in Shareholders Equity for each of the three years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020; (v) Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows for each of the three years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020; and (vi) Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements . 

104 
 Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document) 

Management contract or compensatory plan or arrangement 
 Item 16. Form 10-K Summary 
 Not Applicable 
 
 133 
 
 SIGNAT URES 
 Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

(Registrant) Civista Bancshares, Inc. 

By 
 
 /s/ Dennis G. Shaffer 

Dennis G. Shaffer, President CEO (Principal Executive Officer) 

Date: March 15, 2023 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed on March 15, 2023 by the following persons (including a majority of the Board of Directors of the Registrant) in the capacities indicated: 

/s/ Lorina W. Wise 
 
 /s/ Allen R. Nickles, CPA , CFE , CICA 

Lorina W. Wise, Director 
 
 Allen R. Nickles, CPA, CFE , CICA , Director 

/s/ Harry Singer 
 
 /s/ Julie A. Mattlin 

Harry Singer, Director 
 
 Julie A. Mattlin, Director 

/s/ Todd A. Michel 
 
 /s/ M. Patricia Oliver 

Todd A. Michel, Senior Vice President, 
 
 M. Patricia Oliver, Director 

(Principal Accounting Officer) 

/s/ James O. Miller 
 
 /s/ Daniel J. White 

James O. Miller, Chairman of the Board 
 
 Daniel J. White, Director 

/s/ Dennis E. Murray, Jr. 
 
 /s/ Dennis G. Shaffer 

Dennis E. Murray, Jr., Director 
 
 Dennis G. Shaffer, President CEO, (Principal Executive Officer) 

/s/ William F. Ritzmann 

William F. Ritzmann, Director 

134 

<EX-4>
 2
 civb-ex4_3.htm
 EX-4.3

EX-4 

Exhibit 4.3 
 [CIVISTA BANCSHARES, INC. LETTERHEAD] 
 March 15, 2023 
 Securities and Exchange Commission 
 100 F Street, NE 
 Washington, DC 20549 
 Re: Civista Bancshares, Inc. Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022 
 Ladies and Gentlemen: 
 Civista Bancshares, Inc., an Ohio corporation CBI ), is today filing an Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022 (the Form 10-K), as executed on March 15, 2023. 
 Pursuant to the instructions relating to the Exhibits in Item 601(b)(4)(iii) of Regulation S-K, CBI hereby agrees to furnish the Commission, upon request, copies of instruments and agreements defining the rights of holders of its long-term debt and of the long-term debt of its consolidated subsidiaries, which are not being filed as exhibits to the Form 10-K. None of such long-term debt exceeds 10 of the total assets of CBI and its subsidiaries on a consolidated basis. 
 Very truly yours, 
 /s/ Dennis G. Shaffer 
 Dennis G. Shaffer 
 President and Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-4>

<EX-21>
 3
 civb-ex21_1.htm
 EX-21.1

EX-21 

Exhibit 21.1 
 SUBSIDIARIES OF REGISTRANT 

Subsidiary 
 
 Jurisdiction of Organization 

Civista Bank 
 
 Ohio 

First Citizens Insurance Agency, Inc. 
 
 Ohio 

Water Street Properties, Inc. 
 
 Ohio 

First Citizens Investments, Inc. 
 
 Delaware 

CIVB Risk Management, Inc. 
 
 Delaware 

First Citizens Statutory Trust II 
 
 Connecticut 

First Citizens Statutory Trust III 
 
 Delaware 

First Citizens Statutory Trust IV 
 
 Delaware 

Futura TPF Trust I 
 
 Delaware 

Futura TPF Trust II 
 
 Delaware 

</EX-21>

<EX-23>
 4
 civb-ex23_1.htm
 EX-23.1

EX-23 

Exhibit 23.1 
 
 CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 
 
 The Board of Directors of Civista Bancshares, Inc. 
 
 We consent to the incorporation by reference in Registration Statements File No. 333-202316 on Form S 8, File No. 333-260273 on Form S-3 and File No. 333-266320 on Form S-4 of Civista Bancshares, Inc. of our report dated March 15, 2023, relating to our audits of the consolidated financial statements and internal control over financial reporting, which appears in the Annual Report to Shareholders, which is incorporated by reference in this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Civista Bancshares, Inc. as of and for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 
 
 /s/ FORVIS, LLP (Formerly, BKD, LLP) 
 
 Cincinnati, Ohio 
 March 15, 2023 

</EX-23>

<EX-23>
 5
 civb-ex23_2.htm
 EX-23.2

EX-23 

Exhibit 23.2 

CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

We consent to the incorporation by reference in Registration Statements File No. 333-202316 on Form S-8 and File No. 333-260273 on Form S-3 of Civista Bancshares, Inc. of our report dated March 15, 2021, relating to our audit of the consolidated financial statements and internal control over financial reporting, which appears in the Annual Report to Shareholders, which is incorporated in this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Civista Bancshares, Inc. for the year ended December 31, 2022. 

/s/S.R. Snodgrass, PC 
 
 Cranberry Township, Pennsylvania 
 March 15, 2023 

</EX-23>

<EX-31>
 6
 civb-ex31_1.htm
 EX-31.1

EX-31 

Exhibit 31.1 
 Certification of Principal Executive Officer 
 CERTIFICATIONS FOR ANNUAL REPORT ON FORM 10-K 
 I, Dennis G. Shaffer, certify that: 
 1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Civista Bancshares, Inc.; 

2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a. Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b. Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c. Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d. Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a. All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b. Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Signature and Title: 
 
 /s/ Dennis G. Shaffer, President, CEO 
 
 Date : 
 
 March 15, 2023 

</EX-31>

<EX-31>
 7
 civb-ex31_2.htm
 EX-31.2

EX-31 

Exhibit 31.2 
 Certification of Principal Financial Officer 
 CERTIFICATIONS FOR ANNUAL REPORT ON FORM 10-K 
 I, Todd A. Michel, certify that: 
 1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Civista Bancshares, Inc.; 

2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a. Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b. Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c. Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d. Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a. All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b. Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Signature and Title: 
 
 /s/ Todd A. Michel, Senior Vice President, Controller 
 
 Date : 
 
 March 15, 2023 

</EX-31>

<EX-32>
 8
 civb-ex32_1.htm
 EX-32.1

EX-32 

Exhibit 32.1 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 In connection with the Annual Report of Civista Bancshares, Inc. (the Company on Form 10-K for the period ending December 31, 2022, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date of this certification (the Report), I, Dennis G. Shaffer, Chief Executive Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 
 (1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

(2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

/s/ Dennis G. Shaffer 

Dennis G. Shaffer 

Chief Executive Officer 

March 15, 2023 

</EX-32>

<EX-32>
 9
 civb-ex32_2.htm
 EX-32.2

EX-32 

Exhibit 32.2 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 In connection with the Annual Report of Civista Bancshares, Inc. (the Company on Form 10-K for the period ending December 31, 2022, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date of this certification (the Report), I, Todd A. Michel, Senior Vice President and Controller of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 
 (1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

(2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

/s/ Todd A. Michel 

Todd A. Michel 

Senior Vice President, Controller 

March 15, 2023 

</EX-32>

<EX-101.LAB>
 16
 civb-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.SCH>
 17
 civb-20221231.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 18
 civb-20221231_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.PRE>
 19
 civb-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

<EX-101.DEF>
 20
 civb-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

