<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230222_10-K_edgar_data_1811074_0001811074-23-000014.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>10279688</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>316104</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1888410</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>3472142</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>2346545</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>2077816</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>13</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001811074-23-000014.hdr.sgml : 20230222
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230222162733
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001811074-23-000014
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		104
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230222
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230222

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Texas Pacific Land Corp
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001811074
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	OIL ROYALTY TRADERS [6792]
		IRS NUMBER:				750279735
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-39804
		FILM NUMBER:		23653544

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1700 PACIFIC AVENUE
		STREET 2:		SUITE 2900
		CITY:			DALLAS
		STATE:			TX
		ZIP:			75201
		BUSINESS PHONE:		214-969-5530

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1700 PACIFIC AVENUE
		STREET 2:		SUITE 2900
		CITY:			DALLAS
		STATE:			TX
		ZIP:			75201

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001811074-23-000014.txt : 20230222

10-K
 1
 tpl-20221231.htm
 10-K

tpl-20221231 

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 Washington, D.C. 20549 
 
 FORM 
 
 (Mark One) 
 
 ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the fiscal year ended 
 or 
 TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the transition period from ______ to ______ 
 
 Commission File Number: 
 
 Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter: 
 
 State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization: IRS Employer Identification No.: 
 
 Address of principal executive offices: 
 , , 
 
 Registrant s telephone number, including area code: 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: Title of each class Trading Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: 
 None 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. No 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant: (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files). No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. (Check One) 

Accelerated filer Non-accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company 
 If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 
 
 If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No 
 
 The aggregate market value of the common stock held by non-affiliates of the registrant as of the last business day of the registrant s most recently completed second fiscal quarter (June 30, 2022) was approximately billion. 
 
 As of February 14, 2023, there were shares of Common Stock outstanding. 
 
 DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE : 
 None 

TEXAS PACIFIC LAND CORPORATION 
 TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 Page PART I 
 Item 1. 
 Business 
 1 
 Item 1A. 
 Risk Factors 
 7 
 Item 1B. 
 Unresolved Staff Comments 
 13 
 Item 2. 
 Properties 
 14 
 Item 3. 
 Legal Proceedings 
 15 
 Item 4. 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 15 
 PART II 
 Item 5. 
 Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Security Holder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 16 
 Item 6. 
 Reserved 
 18 
 Item 7. 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 19 
 Item 7A. 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk 
 27 
 Item 8. 
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 27 
 Item 9. 
 Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 28 
 Item 9A. 
 Controls and Procedures 
 28 
 Item 9B. 
 Other Information 
 30 
 Item 9C. 
 Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 30 
 PART III 
 Item 10. 
 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 31 
 Item 11. 
 Executive Compensation 
 38 
 Item 12. 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Security Holder Matters 
 56 
 Item 13. 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 59 
 Item 14. 
 Principal Accountant Fees and Services 
 59 
 PART IV 
 Item 15. 
 Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 
 60 
 Item 16. 
 Form 10-K Summary 
 61 

Table of Contents 

 PART I 

Statements in this Annual Report on Form 10-K that are not purely historical are forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933 and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, including statements regarding management s expectations, hopes, intentions or strategies regarding the future. Words or phrases such as expects and believes, or similar expressions, when used in this Annual Report on Form 10-K or other filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC ), are intended to identify forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Forward-looking statements include statements regarding the Company s future operations and prospects, the markets for real estate in the areas in which the Company owns real estate, applicable zoning regulations, the markets for oil and gas including actions of other oil and gas producers or consortiums worldwide such as the Organization of Petroleum Exporting Countries OPEC and Russia (collectively referred to as OPEC+ ), expected competition, management s intent, beliefs or current expectations with respect to the Company s future financial performance and other matters. All forward-looking statements in this Report are based on information available to us as of the date this Report is filed with the SEC, and we assume no responsibility to update any such forward-looking statements, except as required by law. All forward-looking statements are subject to a number of risks, uncertainties and other factors that could cause our actual results, performance, prospects or opportunities to differ materially from those expressed in, or implied by, these forward-looking statements. These risks, uncertainties and other factors include, but are not limited to, the factors discussed in Item 1A. Risk Factors and Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. 

Item 1. Business. 
 
 General 
 
 Texas Pacific Land Corporation (which, together with its subsidiaries as the context requires, may be referred to as TPL , the Company , our , we or us is one of the largest landowners in the State of Texas with approximately 874,000 surface acres of land in West Texas, with the majority of our ownership concentrated in the Permian Basin. Additionally, we own a 1/128th nonparticipating perpetual oil and gas royalty interest NPRI under approximately 85,000 acres of land, a 1/16th NPRI under approximately 371,000 acres of land, and approximately 4,000 additional net royalty acres (normalized to 1/8th), all located in the western part of Texas. 
 
 The Company was originally organized as Texas Pacific Land Trust (the Trust under a Declaration of Trust, dated February 1, 1888, to receive and hold title to extensive tracts of land in the State of Texas, previously the property of the Texas and Pacific Railway Company. The Declaration of Trust provided for the appointment of trustees (the Trustees to manage the assets of the Trust with all of the powers of an absolute owner. On January 11, 2021, the Trust completed its reorganization from a business trust, Texas Pacific Land Trust, into Texas Pacific Land Corporation TPL Corporation ), a corporation formed and existing under the laws of the State of Delaware. TPL Corporation is now an independent public company and its Common Stock is listed under the symbol TPL on the New York Stock Exchange (the NYSE ). See further discussion under Corporate Reorganization below. Any references in this Annual Report on Form 10-K to the Company, TPL, our, we or us with respect to periods prior to January 11, 2021, will be in reference to the Trust, and references to periods on that date and thereafter will be in reference to Texas Pacific Land Corporation or TPL Corporation. 
 
 Our surface and royalty ownership provide revenue opportunities throughout the oil and gas development value chain. While we are not an oil and gas producer, we benefit from various revenue sources throughout the life cycle of a well. During the initial development phase where infrastructure for oil and gas development is constructed, we receive fixed fee payments for use of our land and revenue for sales of materials (caliche) used in the construction of the infrastructure. During the drilling and completion phase, we generate revenue for providing sourced and/or treated produced water in addition to fixed fee payments for use of our land. During the production phase, we receive revenue from our oil and gas royalty interests and also revenues related to saltwater disposal on our land. In addition, we generate revenue from pipeline, power line and utility easements, commercial leases and temporary permits principally related to a variety of land uses, including midstream infrastructure projects and processing facilities as hydrocarbons are processed and transported to market. 
 
 TPL s mission is to pursue a thoughtful, long-term approach towards optimizing and building upon the commercial and environmental virtues of our extensive lands and resources. TPL has a long history of responsible management of its legacy assets, and in recent years, the Company has expanded its business strategy to generate incremental revenue streams that take advantage of the Company s vast surface and royalty footprint, such as its investments in the Water Services and Operations business segment. Beyond TPL s current businesses, the Company continues to explore new opportunities related to renewable energy, environmental sustainability, and technology, among others, that can leverage the already existing legacy surface and 

Table of Contents 

 royalty assets. The Company s business model emphasizes high cash flow margins and relatively low ongoing capital expenditure requirements, and new opportunities would generally be expected to align with these priorities. The Company remains focused on optimizing long-term value creation and profitability, fostering responsible stewardship of our assets, providing quality customer service, and engaging with and advocating for employee and stakeholder interests. 
 
 Corporate Reorganization 
 
 On January 11, 2021, TPL completed certain steps resulting in its reorganization from a trust into a corporation (the Corporate Reorganization ). To implement the Corporate Reorganization, the Trust and TPL Corporation entered into agreements and undertook and caused to be undertaken a series of transactions to effect the transfer to TPL Corporation of all of the Trust s assets, employees, liabilities and obligations (including investments, property and employee benefits and tax-related assets and liabilities) attributable to periods prior to, at and after the Corporate Reorganization. 
 
 As part of the Corporate Reorganization, on January 11, 2021, shares of TPL Corporation s common stock, par value of 0.01 per share (the Common Stock were distributed to holders of sub-share certificates of proprietary interest, par value 0.03-1/3 of the Trust Sub-shares on the basis of one share of Common Stock for every Sub-share (the Distribution ). 
 
 Prior to the Corporate Reorganization, as a result of a proxy contest mounted by certain holders of Sub-shares, the Trust entered into a stockholders agreement dated as of December 14, 2020, with Horizon Kinetics LLC, Horizon Kinetics Asset Management LLC (together with Horizon Kinetics LLC and its affiliates, Horizon ), SoftVest Advisors, LLC, SoftVest, L.P. (together with SoftVest Advisors, LLC and its affiliates, SoftVest ), and Mission Advisors, LP, (as amended to date, the Stockholders Agreement ), providing for, among other things, the appointment of Dana F. McGinnis, Eric L. Oliver and Murray Stahl as directors of TPL s board of directors (the Board in connection with the Corporate Reorganization. Mr. McGinnis resigned from the Board in March 2022. 
 
 Historical Operating Performance 
 
 The table below reflects our historical operating results for the last five years (in thousands, except per share amounts): 
 Years Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 2019 2018 Revenues 667,422 450,958 302,564 490,496 300,220 Net income 446,362 269,980 176,049 318,728 209,736 Net income per share: Basic 57.80 34.83 22.70 41.09 26.93 Diluted 57.77 34.83 22.70 41.09 26.93 
 
 Business Segments 
 
 We operate our business in two segments: Land and Resource Management and Water Services and Operations. Our segments provide management with a comprehensive financial view of our key businesses. The segments enable the alignment of strategies and objectives of the Company and provide a framework for timely and rational allocation of resources within businesses. See Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations and Note 12, Business Segment Reporting in Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 
 Land and Resource Management 
 
 Our Land and Resource Management segment encompasses the business of managing our approximately 874,000 surface acres of land and our oil and gas royalty interests in West Texas. The revenue streams of this segment consist primarily of oil and gas royalties, revenues from easements, commercial leases and renewables, and land and material sales. 
 
 We are not an oil and gas producer. Rather, our oil and gas revenue is derived from our oil and gas royalty interests. Thus, in addition to being subject to fluctuations in response to the market prices for oil and gas, our oil and gas royalties are also subject to decisions made by the owners and operators of the oil and gas wells to which our royalty interests relate as to investments in and production from those wells. 
 
 2 

Table of Contents 

 Our revenue from easements is primarily generated from pipelines transporting oil, gas and related hydrocarbons, power line and utility easements and subsurface wellbore easements. Easements typically have a thirty-plus year term but subsequently renew every ten years with an additional payment. Commercial lease revenue is derived primarily from processing, storage and compression facilities and roads. 
 
 During 2022, we entered into agreements with third parties related to renewables and various next generation opportunities that will potentially utilize TPL s surface assets. These agreements include the evaluation of grid-connected batteries, studies on carbon capture and sequestration, and development of bitcoin mining facilities, among other opportunities. Generally, these projects are structured with multi-year terms that allow for feasibility and/or commercial suitability and revenue arrangements that provide royalty, fee, profit sharing, lease and/or rental payments, though contractual terms and timing for commercial operations will vary by project. We do not anticipate these agreements will have a significant impact on our revenues in the short-term but do have the potential to contribute meaningfully to our revenues in the longer term. 
 
 The demand for, and sale price of, particular tracts of land is influenced by many factors, including general economic conditions, the rate of development in nearby areas and the suitability of the particular tract for commercial uses prevalent in West Texas. 
 
 Operations 
 
 Revenues from the Land and Resource Management segment for the last three years were as follows (dollars presented in thousands): 
 Years Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 Segment Revenue of Total Consolidated Revenue Segment Revenue of Total Consolidated Revenue Segment Revenue of Total Consolidated Revenue Oil and gas royalties 452,434 68 286,468 64 137,948 46 Easements and other surface-related income 44,569 7 32,892 7 39,478 13 Land sales and other operating revenue 9,972 1 1,027 17,716 6 Total Revenue - Land and Resource Management segment 506,975 76 320,387 71 195,142 65 
 
 Please see discussion of our financial results at Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Segment Results of Operations. 
 
 Oil and Gas Activity for the Year Ended December 31, 2022 
 
 For the year ended December 31, 2022, our share of crude oil, natural gas and NGL production was 21.3 thousand barrels of oil equivalent Boe per day compared to 18.6 thousand Boe per day for the same period of 2021. The total equivalent price was 60.81 per Boe for the year ended December 31, 2022, an increase of 37.8 compared to the total equivalent price of 44.14 per Boe for the same period of 2021. 
 
 For the year ended December 31, 2022, the number of oil and gas wells that have been drilled but are not yet completed DUC subject to our royalty interest was 584 compared to 452 for the same period of 2021. The number of DUC wells is determined using uniform drilling spacing units with pooled interests for all wells awaiting completion. 
 
 Competition 
 
 Our Land and Resource Management segment does not have peers, as such, in that it sells, leases and generally manages land owned by the Company and, to that extent, any owner of property located in areas comparable to the Company is a potential competitor. 

3 

Table of Contents 

 Water Services and Operations 
 
 Our Water Services and Operations segment encompasses the business of providing full-service water offerings to operators in the Permian Basin through Texas Pacific Water Resources LLC TPWR ), a single member Texas limited liability company owned by the Company. 
 
 These full-service water offerings include, but are not limited to, water sourcing, produced-water treatment, infrastructure development, and disposal solutions. We are committed to sustainable water development. Our significant surface ownership in the Permian Basin provides TPWR with a unique opportunity to provide multiple full-service water offerings to operators. 
 
 The revenue streams of this segment principally consist of revenue generated from sales of sourced and treated water as well as revenue from produced water royalties. Energy businesses use water for their oil and gas projects while service businesses (i.e., water management service companies) operate water facilities to produce and sell water to energy businesses. 
 
 Operations 
 
 Revenues from our Water Services and Operations segment for the last three years were as follows (dollars presented in thousands): 
 Years Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 Segment Revenue of Total Consolidated Revenue Segment Revenue of Total Consolidated Revenue Segment Revenue of Total Consolidated Revenue Water sales 84,725 13 67,766 15 54,862 18 Produced water royalties 72,234 11 58,081 13 50,640 16 Easements and other surface-related income 3,488 4,724 1 1,920 1 Total Revenue Water Services and Operations segment 160,447 24 130,571 29 107,422 35 
 
 Please see discussion of our financial results at Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Segment Results of Operations. 
 
 The increase in water sales during 2022 compared to 2021 is principally due to a 10.3 increase in the number of sourced and treated barrels sold. 
 
 During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company invested approximately 18.6 million in TPWR projects to maintain and/or enhance water sourcing assets, of which 6.9 million related to electrifying our water sourcing infrastructure. Cumulatively, we have spent 13.3 million on electrification through December 31, 2022. 
 
 Competition 
 
 While there is competition in the water service business in the Permian Basin, we believe our position as a significant landowner of approximately 874,000 surface acres in West Texas gives us a unique advantage over our competitors who must negotiate with existing landowners to source water and then for the right of way to deliver the water to the end user. 
 
 Major Customers 
 
 During 2022, we received 115.3 million, or approximately 17.3 of our total revenues, which included 79.9 million of oil and gas royalties, 21.5 million of produced water royalties, 8.6 million of easements and other surface-related income, and 5.3 million of water sales, from Occidental Petroleum Corporation; 94.8 million, or approximately 14.2 of our total revenues, which included 94.0 million of oil and gas royalties and 0.8 million of easements and other surface-related income, from Chevron Corporation; 67.8 million, or approximately 10.2 of our total revenues, which included 37.2 million of oil and gas royalties, 15.7 million of water sales, 11.4 million of produced water royalties, and 3.5 million of easements and other surface-related income, from ConocoPhillips; and 67.4 million, or approximately 10.1 of our total revenues, which 
 4 

Table of Contents 

 included 57.4 million of oil and gas royalties, 8.8 million of water sales, 1.1 million of easements and other surface-related income, and 0.1 million of produced water royalties, from EOG Resources, Inc. 
 
 While 51.8 of our revenue comes from only four customers, these customers are in the top 25 energy companies in the world based on market cap, with two being in the top 10, and we believe each of them is a strong and reliable operator. Given their major presence in the Permian Basin and our significant surface lands in the same area, the high concentration of business with these four customers is expected. Further, the choice of whom we do business with largely depends on location of mineral royalties and surface rights on or near our assets and consists of a limited universe of oil and gas companies who operate in the Permian Basin. 
 
 Seasonality 
 
 While the business of TPL is not seasonal in nature, as that term is generally understood, revenues from oil and gas royalties may fluctuate from period to period based upon market prices for oil and gas and production decisions made by the operators. Our other revenue streams, which include, but are not limited to, water sales and royalties, easements and other surface related income and sales of land, may also fluctuate from period to period. In addition, our results generally rely on the decisions and actions of third parties out of our ultimate control. As a consequence, the results of our operations for any particular period are not necessarily indicative of the results of operations for a full year. 
 
 Regulations 
 
 We are subject to various federal, state and local laws. Management believes that our operations comply in all material respects with applicable laws and regulations and that the existence and enforcement of such laws and regulations have no more restrictive effect on our method of operations than on other companies similar to TPL. 
 
 We cannot determine the extent to which new legislation, new regulations or changes in existing laws or regulations may affect our future operations. 
 
 Environmental Considerations 
 
 Compliance with Federal, State and local provisions that have been enacted or adopted regulating the discharge of materials into the environment, or otherwise relating to the protection of the environment, have had no material effect upon our business generally, including the capital expenditures, earnings and competitive position of the Company. To date, the Company has not been called upon to expend any funds for these purposes. 
 
 Environmental, Social and Governance ESG 
 
 In August 2021, the Company published its inaugural Environmental, Social, Governance ESG disclosure through its website, highlighting data and processes that began in 2020. The ESG disclosure is prepared in accordance with the Sustainable Accounting Standards Board framework and in alignment with aspects of the Global Reporting Initiative. The Task Force on Climate Related Financial Disclosures was an informative factor in the disclosure, illuminating business opportunities and risks relevant to the Company. 
 
 Integrating sustainability and ESG objectives is a priority for our Company. Our ESG strategy is focused on the overarching priorities of environmental management, employee health and safety, workforce management and equality, community and landowner engagement, and strong corporate governance and ethics. We are committed to sustainability and responsible stewardship across all of our operations and land management activities. 
 
 As the Company does not produce oil or gas from the land from which its royalties revenue stream is derived, it developed its sustainability goals and partnership opportunities in consultation with the entities operating on its land. On the water solutions side of its business, the Company developed a tailored ESG program that addresses the ethical and responsible buildout of water assets and management of water as a natural resource. The Company s continued goal is an integrated and iterative approach to sustainable and responsible resource management. 
 
 TPL s ESG accomplishments and goals include but are not limited to: 
 
 Converted from a business trust to a Delaware corporation in January 2021, providing enhanced governance to the Company s stockholders. 
 
 5 

Table of Contents 

 Increased the electrification of the Company s water assets in an effort to reduce costs and mitigate the overall emission profile of the Company by reducing reliance on diesel generators. TPL spent a total of 13.3 million of capital in 2022 and 2021 on electric infrastructure. 
 
 Initiated energy tracking in 2020 to monitor and identify trends in energy consumption and sourcing. 
 
 Prioritizing the health and welfare of TPL s workforce. 
 
 Employed practices for the tracking and monitoring of all spills, regardless if they are within or outside of regulatory reporting requirements. 
 
 Partnered with oil gas operators on the Company s surface estate to collectively discuss and manage ESG risks. Partnership opportunities included: developing renewable energy infrastructure across the Company s land, developing water infrastructure to support the reuse and recycling of produced water a critical response to climate change, partnering to develop innovative technologies that support emissions management, and more. 
 
 Instituted a governance framework that includes oversight and stewardship of the Company s ESG strategies. The Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee reviews the Company s policies and programs concerning corporate social responsibility, including ESG matters, with the support of the Audit Committee and the Compensation Committee, where appropriate. The committees provide guidance to the Board and management with respect to trends and developments regarding environmental, social, governance, and political matters that could significantly impact the Company. 
 
 The disclosure denotes that the Company s ESG strategy, including metrics and targets, will be continuously reviewed and assessed annually to determine if updates or process improvements are needed. 
 
 Our full ESG disclosure is available at www.TexasPacific.com/esg. 
 
 Human Capital Resources 
 
 We believe we have a talented, motivated and dedicated team and we are committed to supporting the development of our team members and continuously building on our strong culture. As of December 31, 2022, the Company had 99 full-time employees, of which 29 are employees of TPWR. 
 
 Our business strategy and ability to serve customers relies on employing talented professionals and attracting, training, developing and retaining a knowledgeable skilled workforce. We maintain a good working relationship with our employees. We value our employees and their experience in providing value through land, mineral and water resource management and water solutions. Maintaining a robust pipeline of talent is crucial to our ongoing success and is a key aspect of succession planning efforts across the organization. Our leadership and human resources teams are responsible for attracting and retaining top talent by facilitating an environment where employees feel supported and encouraged in their professional and personal development. We are committed to enhancing gender, racial and ethnic diversity throughout our organization. We believe that diversity is an important factor in bringing people together, encouraging shared commitment and fostering new ideas. 
 
 We strive to be a great place for our employees to work. Accordingly, we offer industry competitive pay and benefits, tuition reimbursement and continuing education classes and are committed to maintaining a workplace environment that promotes employee productivity and satisfaction. 
 
 Employee safety is also among our top priorities. Accordingly, we have developed and administer company-wide policies to ensure a safe and fair workplace free of discrimination or harassment for each team member and compliance with Occupational Safety and Health Administration OSHA standards, as further discussed in our Code of Business Conduct and Ethics. This commitment applies to recruiting, hiring, compensation, benefits, training, termination, promotions or any other terms and conditions of employment. Throughout the COVID-19 pandemic, we have maintained our strong focus on safety and have taken measures to protect our employees and maintain safe, reliable operations. 
 
 We strive for a goal of zero occupational injuries, illnesses and incidents in our workplace. To ensure that we protect our safety culture, we have in place a dedicated HS E team with substantial combined years of experience and have in-house authorized trainers for OSHA-required certified training, powered equipment training and PCE-safe land certificated training. 
 
 6 

Table of Contents 

 Available Information on our Website 
 
 The Company makes available on our website at www.TexasPacific.com, free of charge, its Annual Reports on Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, Current Reports on Form 8-K and amendments to those reports as soon as reasonably practicable after they are electronically filed with, or furnished to, the SEC pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (the Exchange Act ). Such reports are also available at www.sec.gov. The information contained on our website is not part of this Report. 

Item 1A. Risk Factors. 

An investment in our securities involves a degree of risk. The risks described below are not the only ones facing us. Additional risks not presently known to us or that we currently deem immaterial may also have a material adverse effect on us. If any of the following risks actually occur, our financial condition, results of operations, cash flows or business could be harmed. In that case, the market price of our stock could decline and you could lose part or all of your investment in our stock. 
 
 Risks Related to our Business 
 
 Our oil and gas royalties are dependent upon the market prices of oil and gas which fluctuate. 
 
 The oil and gas royalties that we receive are dependent upon the market prices for oil and gas. When lower market prices for oil and gas occur, they will have an adverse effect on our oil and gas royalties and vice-versa. The market prices for oil and gas are subject to US and global macroeconomic and geopolitical conditions and infrastructure and logistical constraints, amongst others, and, in the past, have been subject to significant price fluctuations. Price fluctuations for oil and gas have been particularly volatile in recent years due to supply and demand fundamentals, Organization of the Petroleum Exporting Countries OPEC and Russia (collectively referred to as OPEC+ actions, and general economic cycles, among other factors. These measures have at times resulted in a reduction to global economic activity and volatility in the global financial markets. The scale and duration of the impact of these factors remain unknowable but could lead to an increase in our operating costs or a decrease in our revenues and have a material impact on our business segments and earnings, cash flow and financial condition. 
 
 We are not an oil and gas producer. Our revenues from oil and gas royalties are subject to the actions of others. 
 
 We are not an oil and gas producer. Our oil and gas income is derived primarily from perpetual non-participating oil and gas royalty interests that we have retained. As oil and gas wells age, their production capacity may decline absent additional investment. However, the owners and operators of the oil and gas wells make all decisions as to investments in, and production from, those wells and our royalties are dependent upon decisions made by those operators, among other factors. Accordingly, a significant portion of our revenues is reliant on the management and actions of third parties, over whom we have no control. There can be no assurance that such third parties will take actions or make decisions that will be beneficial to us, which could result in adverse effects on our financial results and performance. 
 
 Our revenues from the sale of land are subject to substantial fluctuation. Land sales are subject to many factors that are beyond our control. 
 
 Land sales vary widely from year to year and quarter to quarter. The total dollar amount, the average price per acre, and the number of acres sold in any one year or quarter should not be assumed to be indicative of future land sales. Our desire to sell and the demand and pricing for any particular tract of our land is influenced by many factors, including but not limited to: (i) the national and local economies, (ii) the rate of oil and gas well development by operators, (iii) the rate of residential and commercial development in nearby areas, (iv) the livestock carrying capacity, and (v) the condition of the local agricultural industry, which itself is influenced by range conditions and livestock and agricultural product pricing. Our ability to sell land can be, therefore, largely dependent on the actions of adjoining landowners. 
 
 Demand for TPWR s products and services is substantially dependent on the levels of expenditures by our customers. 
 
 Demand for TPWR s products and services depends substantially on expenditures by our customers for the exploration, development and production of oil and natural gas reserves. These expenditures are generally dependent on our customers overall financial position, capital allocation priorities, and views of future oil and natural gas prices. Declines, as well as anticipated declines, in oil and gas prices have in the past resulted in, and may in the future result in, lower capital expenditures, project modifications, delays or cancellations, general business disruptions, and delays in payment of, or nonpayment of, amounts that are owed to us, which would adversely affect our earnings, cash flow and financial condition. 
 7 

Table of Contents 

 The results of operations for the Water Services and Operations segment have been impacted from time to time by reduced development pacing and declines in expenditures by our customers in response to varying industry or global circumstances. Our results may continue to be impacted by producer discretion on development pacing and capital expenditures. 
 
 We face the risks of doing business in a new and rapidly evolving market for TPWR and may not be able to successfully address such risks and achieve acceptable levels of success or profits. 
 
 We have encountered and may continue to encounter the challenges, uncertainties and difficulties frequently experienced in new and rapidly evolving markets with respect to the business of TPWR, including: 
 
 pricing pressure driven by new competition; 
 
 volatile and/or unexpected operating and maintenance costs; 
 
 lack of sufficient customers or loss of significant customers for the new line of business; 
 
 increased regulation impacting industry operations; and 
 
 uncertainty with outsourced 3rd party provider(s) providing water treatment services. 
 
 The impact of government regulation on TPWR could adversely affect our business. 
 
 The business of TPWR is subject to applicable state and federal laws and regulations, including laws and regulations on water use, environmental and safety matters. These laws and regulations may increase the costs and timing of planning, designing, drilling, installing, operating and abandoning water wells, source water and treatment facilities and impact our customers ability to transport and/or store produced water in certain locations. Due to increased seismicity in the Delaware and Midland Basins, the Texas Railroad Commission recently began implementing Seismic Response Areas SRAs limiting the permitted capacity and use of certain Saltwater Disposal Wells SWDs for the injection of produced water. The implementation of SRAs could limit the volume of produced water disposed on the Company s surface within the SRAs or, in certain cases, could direct additional volumes of produced water to SWDs on the Company s surface outside of SRAs. These limitations and/or redirections may cause TPWR to change its business plans and could affect TPWR s financial performance. The Company continues to actively engage with the Texas Railroad Commission and evaluate the potential effect of SRAs on the Company s produced water royalties. 
 
 Our business and financial results could be disrupted by natural or human causes beyond our control . 
 
 Our revenues depend on natural and environmental conditions with respect to operations that result in royalties to us, or that use our water services. Our business and financial results are therefore subject to disruption from natural or human causes beyond our control, including physical risks from severe storms, floods, droughts resulting in aquifer declines and other forms of severe weather, war, accidents, civil unrest, political events, fires, earthquakes, system failures, pipeline disruptions, environmental hazards such as oil spills, terrorist acts and epidemic or pandemic diseases, any of which could result in a material adverse effect on oil and natural gas production and, therefore, our results of operations. 
 
 Our business and financial results are subject to major trends in our industry, such as decarbonization, and may be adversely affected by future developments out of our control. 
 
 Much of the value of the land we own and upon which we receive royalties is based on the oil and natural gas reserves located there. Our revenues may be negatively affected by changes driven by trends such as decarbonization efforts. Such changes may relate to the types or sources of energy in demand, such as a shift to renewable sources of power generation (for example, wind and solar), along with ongoing changes in regulatory, investor, customer and consumer policies and preferences. The evolution of global energy sources is affected by factors out of our control, such as the pace of technological developments and related cost considerations, the levels of economic growth in different markets around the world and the adoption of climate change-related policies. In addition, the possibility of taxes on carbon emissions can affect the demand for crude oil and natural gas and the operating costs for third party operators on our royalty properties. 
 
 Cyber incidents or attacks targeting systems and infrastructure used by the oil and gas industry may adversely impact our operations, and if we are unable to obtain and maintain adequate protection of our data, our business may be adversely impacted. 
 
 8 

Table of Contents 

 We and our operators increasingly rely on information technology systems to operate our respective businesses, and the oil and gas industry depends on digital technologies in exploration, development, production, and processing activities. Threats to information technology systems associated with cybersecurity risks and cyber incidents or attacks continue to grow. Our technologies, systems, networks, and those of the operators on our properties, vendors, suppliers, and other business partners, may become the target of cyberattacks or information security breaches that could result in the unauthorized release, gathering, monitoring, misuse, loss or destruction of proprietary, personal and other information, or other disruption of business activities. In addition, certain cyber incidents, such as surveillance, may remain undetected for some period of time. While we utilize various systems, procedures and controls to mitigate exposure to such risk, cyber incidents and attacks are continually evolving and unpredictable. Our information technology systems and any insurance coverage for protecting against cybersecurity risks may not be sufficient. As cyber security threats continue to evolve, we may be required to expend additional resources to continue to modify or enhance our protective measures or to investigate and remediate any vulnerability to cyber incidents. There can be no assurance that our business, finances, systems and assets will not be compromised in a cyber attack. 
 
 The loss of key members of our management team or difficulty attracting and retaining experienced technical personnel could reduce our competitiveness and prospects for future success. 
 
 The successful implementation of our strategies and handling of other issues integral to our future success will depend, in part, on our experienced management team, including with respect to the business of TPWR. The loss of key members of our management team could have an adverse effect on our business. If we cannot retain our experienced personnel or attract additional experienced personnel, our ability to compete could be harmed. 
 
 Global health threats, such as COVID-19, may adversely affect our business. 
 
 Our business could be adversely affected by the effects of a widespread outbreak of contagious disease, including the recent and continuing outbreak of COVID-19. A significant outbreak of contagious diseases in the human population and resulting widespread health crisis could adversely affect the economies and financial markets of many countries, resulting in an economic downturn, reduced demand for oil and gas and interruption to supply chains related to oil and gas. The reduction of economic activity and reduced global demand for oil and gas related to COVID-19 and actions taken by governments to mitigate the spread of the virus could lead to an increase in our operating costs and have a material impact on our business segments and earnings, cash flow and financial condition. 
 
 We face direct and indirect supply chain risks that may adversely affect our business. 
 
 Our business could be negatively affected by supply shortages and/or price increases driven by the increased costs of materials and logistics as a result of macroeconomic conditions, including the prolonged Ukraine/Russia conflict, general inflationary pressures, labor shortages, part or equipment availability, manufacturing capacity, tariffs, trade disputes and barriers, natural disasters or pandemics and the effects of climate change. Supply shortages and/or price increases could lead to a reduction in revenues and an increase in our operating costs and could have a material impact on our business segments and earnings, cash flow and financial condition. 
 
 Supply chain issues may disrupt the operations and development activities of operators on our land, upon whom much of our revenue relies, which could negatively affect our revenues from oil and gas royalties, easements and our water offerings. Supply chain issues could also lead to an increase in TPWR s operating costs and disrupt its water sourcing and treatment operations, which could further negatively affect our revenues from our water offerings. TPWR has adapted lead times for ordering parts and equipment to mitigate supply chain issues, but given the uncertainty surrounding the macroeconomic factors and geopolitical situation, there can be no assurance that we will not suffer adverse effects on our business operations in the future. 
 
 Risks Related to the Corporate Reorganization 
 
 The completion of the Corporate Reorganization may implicate conditions and covenants contained in certain agreements to which the Trust was a party and thereby may cause us to lose certain benefits that the Trust historically received. If the Company is unable to obtain consents to, or approval or waiver of, any such conditions or covenants, or is unable to obtain an acknowledgement that any such benefits shall continue for the benefit of TPL Corporation, we may not be entitled to all benefits and other rights under such agreements, which may have an adverse impact on the business and results of operations. 
 
 The completion of the Corporate Reorganization may implicate conditions and covenants, contained in certain agreements to which the Trust was, and now TPL Corporation is, a party and thereby may cause us to lose certain benefits that 
 9 

Table of Contents 

 the Trust historically received. Certain counterparties may withhold consent to, or approval or waiver of, certain conditions or covenants in order to obtain more favorable terms from us. If the Company is unable to obtain consents to, or approval or waiver of, any such conditions or covenants, or if the Company is unable to obtain acknowledgement from any counterparties that any such benefits shall continue for the benefit of TPL Corporation, then we may decide to enforce our rights and interests by initiating legal action. In the meantime, and pending the outcome of any such legal proceeding to enforce our rights, we may be unable to continue to obtain all benefits and other rights under such agreements that would otherwise be transferred to us as part of the Corporate Reorganization. This may have an adverse impact on TPL s business and results of operations. 
 
 For example, the obligation to pay ad valorem taxes with respect to certain of our royalty interests was assumed by a third party and is now the obligation of the successors in interest to such third party (the obligors ), so long as such royalty interests are held by the Trustees or their successors in office under the Declaration of Trust. The amount of such taxes depends on the valuations determined by various county taxing authorities with respect to our royalty interests and the tax rates used in assessing such ad valorem taxes. Consequently, the amount of ad valorem taxes that may be assessed against our royalty interests may vary from year to year, and we are unable to reliably predict the amount of any such increases or decreases in future years. We have received an indication from one such obligor that it does not intend to continue to make the ad valorem tax payments that it has been making to date. We have accrued an estimate of such taxes and are making payments on a current basis in order to protect the royalty interests from any potential tax liens for nonpayment of future ad valorem taxes. While we intend to seek reimbursement from the third party following payment of such taxes, there can be no assurance that we will be successful in getting reimbursed. Taking on the cost of such payments will have an adverse impact on our business and results of operations. 
 
 The Corporate Reorganization may have adverse tax consequences. 
 
 We have obtained an opinion from counsel that the Corporate Reorganization and the Distribution qualified as a tax-free reorganization within the meaning of Section 368(a)(1)(F) of the Code. The opinion of counsel does not address any U.S. state or local or non-U.S. tax consequences of the Corporate Reorganization and the Distribution. The opinion assumed that the Corporate Reorganization and the Distribution was completed according to the terms of certain of the operative agreements and required regulatory filings, and relied on the facts as stated therein and in other ancillary agreements and documents. In addition, the opinion was based on certain representations as to factual matters from, and certain covenants by, us and the Trust. The opinion cannot be relied on if any of the assumptions, representations or covenants were incorrect, incomplete or inaccurate or were violated in any material respect. 
 
 The opinion of counsel is not binding on the IRS or the courts, and no assurance can be given that contrary positions will not be taken by the IRS or a court. We have not sought and will not seek a ruling from the IRS regarding the federal income tax consequences of the Corporate Reorganization and the Distribution. 
 
 If the Corporate Reorganization and the Distribution were to fail to qualify as a reorganization or for tax-free treatment either under Section 368(a)(1)(F) or any other provision of the Code, then U.S. Holders of Sub-shares would recognize gain or loss, as applicable, equal to the difference between (a) the sum of the fair market value of the shares of TPL Corporation Common Stock received by such holder and (b) its adjusted tax basis in the Sub-shares surrendered in exchange therefor. Further, the Trust would recognize taxable gain as if it sold all of its assets, subject to its liabilities, at fair market value. The consequences of the Corporate Reorganization and the Distribution to any holder will depend on that holder s particular situation. 
 
 Risks Related to Our Common Stock 
 
 We cannot be certain that an active trading market for our Common Stock will be sustained, and our stock price may fluctuate significantly. 
 
 A public market for our Common Stock did not exist until the Corporate Reorganization was effected on January 11, 2021. We cannot guarantee that the active trading market that has developed will be sustained for our Common Stock, nor can we predict the prices at which shares of our Common Stock may trade. 
 
 Until the market has fully evaluated our business as a corporation, the prices at which shares of our Common Stock trade may fluctuate more significantly than might otherwise be typical, even with other market conditions, including general volatility, held constant. The increased volatility of our stock price following the Corporate Reorganization may have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. The market price of our Common Stock may fluctuate significantly due to a number of factors, some of which may be beyond our control, including: 
 
 actual or anticipated fluctuations in our results of operations due to factors related to our business; 
 10 

Table of Contents 

our quarterly or annual earnings, or those of other companies in our industry; 
 
 changes to the regulatory and legal environment under which we operate; 
 
 changes in accounting standards, policies, guidance, interpretations or principles; 
 
 the failure of securities analysts to cover, or positively cover, our Common Stock; 
 
 changes in earnings estimates by securities analysts or our ability to meet those estimates 
 
 the operating and stock price performance of other comparable companies 
 
 investor perception of our Company and our industry 
 
 actual or anticipated fluctuations in commodities prices; and 
 
 domestic and worldwide economic and geopolitical conditions. 
 
 There may be substantial changes in our stockholder base. 
 
 Investors in the Trust may have held Sub-shares because of a decision to invest in an organization with the Trust s governance profile or operating track record. Now that the Corporate Reorganization has occurred, the shares of our Common Stock held by those investors will represent an investment in a company with a different governance profile, in particular a board of directors at TPL Corporation subject to changes from year to year at annual elections of directors serving staggered three-year terms. More frequent changes in the leadership of the organization, particularly on the Board, could lead to changes in the operating policies of TPL Corporation over time. Such changes may not match some stockholders investment strategies, which could cause them to sell our Common Stock. These changes may also attract new investors who previously did not invest in the Trust because of its structure, governance profile or operating track record. As a result of such changes, our stock price may decline or experience volatility as our stockholder base changes. Additionally, new investors or leadership at TPL Corporation could advocate for business or corporate initiatives that would not be beneficial for all stockholders, such as an untimely sale of the business. 
 
 Our business could be negatively affected as a result of the actions of activists. 
 
 Our business could be negatively affected as a result of stockholder activism, which could cause us to incur significant expense, hinder execution of our business strategy, and impact the trading value of our securities. In the past, the Company has been the subject of stockholder activism, and we are subject to the risks associated with any ongoing or future such activism. Stockholder activism, including potential proxy contests, requires significant time and attention by management and our Board, potentially interfering with our ability to execute our strategic plan. We may be required to incur significant legal fees and other expenses related to activist stockholder matters, and the attention of our management may be diverted by such activism. While we welcome our stockholders constructive input, there can be no assurance that stockholder actions would not result in negative impacts to the Company. Any of these impacts could materially and adversely affect our business and operating results, and the market price of our Common Stock could be subject to significant fluctuation or otherwise be adversely affected by stockholder activism. 
 
 If stockholders were to approve an amendment to our amended and restated certificate of incorporation allowing the issuance of additional equity, holders of our Common Stock could experience dilution in the future. 
 
 If stockholders were to approve an amendment to our amended and restated certificate of incorporation allowing the issuance of additional equity, holders of our Common Stock could be diluted because of equity issuances for proposed acquisitions or capital market transactions or equity awards proposed to be granted to our directors, officers and employees subject to any required vote of holders of our Common Stock under our amended and restated certificate of incorporation and amended and restated bylaws. We may issue stock-based awards, including annual awards, new hire awards and periodic retention awards, as applicable, to our directors, officers and other employees under any employee benefits plans we have adopted or may adopt, using newly issued shares rather than treasury shares as is currently our practice. 
 
 In addition, our amended and restated certificate of incorporation authorizes us to issue, without the approval of our stockholders, one or more series of preferred stock having such designations, powers, preferences, privileges and relative, participating, optional and special rights, and qualifications, limitations and restrictions as the Board may generally determine in 
 11 

Table of Contents 

 its sole discretion. The terms of one or more classes or series of preferred stock could dilute the voting power or reduce the value of our Common Stock. For example, we could grant the holders of preferred stock the right to elect some number of the members of the Board in all events or upon the happening of specified events, or the right to veto specified transactions. Similarly, the repurchase or redemption rights or liquidation preferences that we could assign to holders of preferred stock could affect the residual value of our Common Stock. 
 
 We may not continue the Trust s historical practice of declaring cash dividends. We will evaluate whether to pay cash dividends on our Common Stock in the future and we cannot guarantee the timing, amount or payment of dividends, if any. 
 
 The timing, declaration, amount of, and payment of any cash dividends to our stockholders is within the discretion of our Board and will depend upon many factors, including our financial condition, earnings, capital requirements of our operating subsidiaries, covenants associated with any debt service obligations or other contractual obligations, legal requirements, regulatory constraints, industry practice, ability to access capital markets and other factors deemed relevant by the Board. Moreover, should our Board determine to pay any dividend in the future, there can be no assurance that we will continue to pay such dividends or the amount of such dividends. 
 
 We may not continue the Trust s historical practice of repurchasing outstanding equity of its holders. We will evaluate whether to repurchase our outstanding Common Stock in the future and we cannot guarantee the timing, amount or payment of share repurchases, if any. 
 
 During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company repurchased 48,959 outstanding shares of Common Stock which repurchased shares were placed in treasury. We expect that we will from time to time offer to repurchase a portion of our outstanding Common Stock. However, any repurchase will be within the discretion of our Board and will depend upon many factors, including market and business conditions, the trading price of our Common Stock, available cash and cash flow, capital requirements and the nature of other investment opportunities. 
 
 State law and anti-takeover provisions could enable our Board to resist a takeover attempt by a third party and limit the power of our stockholders. 
 
 Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation and amended and restated bylaws contain, and Delaware law contains, provisions that are intended to deter coercive takeover practices and inadequate takeover bids by making such practices or bids unacceptably expensive to the bidder and to encourage prospective acquirers to negotiate with our Board rather than to attempt a hostile takeover. These provisions include, among others: (a) the ability of our remaining directors to fill vacancies on our Board (except in an instance where a director is removed by stockholders and the resulting vacancy is filled by stockholders); (b) the inability of stockholders to call a special meeting of stockholders; (c) rules regarding how stockholders may present proposals or nominate directors for election at stockholder meetings; and (d) the right of our Board to issue preferred stock without stockholder approval. 
 
 In addition, we are subject to Section 203 of the Delaware General Corporation Law DGCL ), which could have the effect of delaying or preventing a change of control that you may favor. Section 203 provides that, subject to limited exceptions, persons that acquire, or are affiliated with persons that acquire, more than 15 of the outstanding voting stock of a Delaware corporation may not engage in a business combination with that corporation, including by merger, consolidation or acquisitions of additional shares, for a three-year period following the date on which that person or any of its affiliates becomes the holder of more than 15 of the corporation s outstanding voting stock. 
 
 We believe these provisions protect our stockholders from coercive or otherwise unfair takeover tactics by requiring potential acquirers to negotiate with our Board and by providing our Board with more time to assess any acquisition proposal. These provisions are not intended to make the Company immune from takeovers; however, these provisions apply even if the offer may be considered beneficial by some stockholders and could delay or prevent an acquisition that our Board determines is not in the best interests of the Company and its stockholders. These provisions may also prevent or discourage attempts to remove and replace incumbent directors. 
 
 Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation designates the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware or the U.S. District Court for the Northern District of Texas as the sole and exclusive forums for certain types of actions and proceedings that may be initiated by our stockholders, which could discourage lawsuits against the Company and our directors and officers. 
 
 Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation provides that unless the Company otherwise determines, the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware (or, if such court does not have jurisdiction, the U.S. District Court for the District of Delaware) or the U.S. District Court for the Northern District of Texas (or, if such court does not have jurisdiction, any 
 12 

Table of Contents 

 district court in Dallas County in the State of Texas) will be the sole and exclusive forums for any derivative action brought on our behalf, any action asserting a claim of breach of a fiduciary duty owed by any of our current or former directors, officers, employees or stockholders, any action or proceeding asserting a claim against us or any of our directors, officers, employees or agents arising pursuant to, or seeking to enforce any right, obligation or remedy under any provision of the DGCL, the laws of the State of Texas, our amended and restated certificate of incorporation or our amended and restated bylaws or any action asserting a claim against us or any of our directors, officers, employees or agents governed by the internal affairs doctrine, in each such case, subject to the applicable court having personal jurisdiction over the indispensable parties named as defendants. Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation also provides that unless our Board otherwise determines, the federal district courts of the United States will be the sole and exclusive forum for the resolution of any complaint asserting a cause of action arising under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act ). 
 
 To the fullest extent permitted by law, this exclusive forum provision will apply to state and federal law claims, including claims under the federal securities laws, including the Securities Act and the Exchange Act, although our stockholders will not be deemed to have waived our compliance with the federal securities laws and the rules and regulations thereunder. The enforceability of similar exclusive forum provisions in other companies certificates of incorporation has been challenged in legal proceedings, and it is possible that, in connection with one or more actions or proceedings described above, a court could rule that one or more parts of the exclusive forum provision in our amended and restated certificate of incorporation is inapplicable or unenforceable. 
 
 This exclusive forum provision may limit the ability of our stockholders to bring a claim in a judicial forum that such stockholders find favorable for disputes with the Company or our directors or officers, which may discourage such lawsuits against the Company and our directors and officers. Alternatively, if a court were to find this exclusive forum provision inapplicable to, or unenforceable in respect of, one or more of the specified types of actions or proceedings described above, we may incur additional costs associated with resolving such matters in other jurisdictions, which could negatively affect our business, results of operations and financial condition. 

Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments. 
 
 Not Applicable. 
 
 13 

Table of Contents 

 Item 2. Properties. 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, TPL owned the surface estate in 874,366 acres of land, comprised of numerous separate tracts, located in the western part of Texas. There were no material liens or encumbrances on the Company s title to the surface estate in those tracts. Additionally, the Company also owns a 1/128th nonparticipating perpetual oil and gas royalty interest NPRI under 84,934 acres of land and a 1/16th NPRI under 370,737 acres of land in the western part of Texas. The following table shows our surface ownership and NPRI ownership by county as of December 31, 2022: 
 
 Number of Acres County Surface 1/128th Royalty 1/16th Royalty Callahan 80 Coke 1,183 Concho 2,592 Crane 3,622 265 5,198 Culberson 288,912 111,513 Ector 19,888 33,633 11,793 El Paso 16,613 Fisher 320 Glasscock 27,236 3,600 11,111 Howard 4,788 3,099 1,840 Hudspeth 154,247 1,008 Jeff Davis 8,293 7,555 Loving 63,318 6,107 48,066 Midland 28,372 12,945 13,120 Mitchell 3,842 1,760 586 Nolan 1,600 2,488 3,157 Palo Pinto 800 Pecos 43,377 320 16,895 Presidio 3,200 Reagan 6,162 1,274 Reeves 187,299 3,013 116,691 Stephens 2,817 160 Sterling 5,212 640 2,080 Taylor 690 966 Upton 6,661 6,903 9,101 Winkler 7,804 1,182 3,040 Total 874,366 84,934 370,737 

14 

Table of Contents 

 As of December 31, 2022, the Company owned additional royalty interests in the following counties: County Number of Net Royalty Acres (1) 
 Culberson 810 Glasscock 1,062 Howard 770 Loving 10 Martin 578 Midland 450 Reagan 115 Reeves 176 Upton 211 Total 4,182 
 (1) Normalized to 1/8th. 
 
 The Company leases office space in Dallas, Texas for its corporate headquarters and in Midland, Texas for TPWR. 

Item 3. Legal Proceedings. 
 
 TPL is not involved in any material pending legal proceedings other than the item disclosed below. 
 
 On November 23, 2022, TPL filed a complaint in Delaware Chancery Court against Horizon Kinetics, LLC, Horizon Kinetics Asset Management LLC, SoftVest Advisors LLC, and SoftVest, L.P. (collectively, the Stockholder Defendants under the caption Texas Pacific Land Corporation v. Horizon Kinetics LLC, Horizon Kinetics Asset Management LLC, SoftVest Advisors, LLC, and SoftVest L.P. (C.A. No. 2022-1066-JTL) (the Action ). Horizon Kinetics LLC and Horizon Kinetics Asset Management LLC are affiliated with Murray Stahl, a member of the Board, and Softvest Advisors, LLC and SoftVest L.P. are affiliated with Eric Oliver, a member of the Board. TPL filed the Action to resolve a disagreement with the Stockholder Defendants over their voting commitments pursuant to the Stockholders Agreement with the Company. Currently, the Action is in the discovery phase, and trial is scheduled to be held on April 17, 2023. 

Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures. 
 
 Not applicable. 
 
 15 

Table of Contents 

 PART II 

Item 5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Security Holder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities. 
 
 Market Information 
 
 Our Common Stock is traded on the NYSE under the ticker symbol TPL. The Company had 205 registered holders of its Common Stock as of February 14, 2023. 
 
 Dividends 
 
 For the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company paid the following regular and special cash dividends per share: 
 
 Years Ended December 31, 2022 2021 Regular Special Regular Special 1st Quarter 3.00 2.75 2nd Quarter 3.00 20.00 2.75 3rd Quarter 3.00 2.75 4th Quarter 3.00 2.75 Total 12.00 20.00 11.00 
 
 The Company has paid a cash dividend each year for the preceding 66 years. 
 
 The Board has determined to pay dividends quarterly going forward in March, June, September and December of each year, subject to the discretion of the Board. Such dividends will depend upon the Company s earnings, capital requirements and financial position, applicable requirements of law, general economic conditions and other factors considered relevant by the Board. The Company is not a party to any agreement that would limit its ability to pay dividends in the future. 
 
 Issuer Purchases of Common Stock 
 
 During the three months ended December 31, 2022, the Company repurchased shares of its Common Stock as follows: 
 
 Period Total Number of Shares Purchased Average Price Paid per Share Total Number of Shares Purchased as Part of Publicly Announced Plans or Programs Maximum Number (or Approximate Dollar Value) of Shares that May Yet Be Purchased Under the Plans or Programs (2) 
 October 1 through October 31, 2022 4,349 2,066 4,349 November 1 through November 30, 2022 3,933 2,568 3,933 December 1 through December 31, 2022 4,128 2,511 4,128 Total (1) 
 12,410 2,373 12,410 262,099,882 
 
 (1) Repurchases were made pursuant to a stock repurchase program, approved by the Board on March 11, 2022, to purchase up to an aggregate of 100.0 million of shares of our outstanding Common Stock (the 2022 Stock Repurchase Program ). In connection with the 2022 Stock Repurchase Program, the Company entered into a Rule 10b5-1 trading plan that generally permitted the Company to repurchase shares at times when it might otherwise have been prevented from doing so under securities laws. The 2022 Stock Repurchase Program expired on December 31, 2022. Repurchased shares are held in treasury. For the year ended December 31, 2022, we repurchased 48,959 shares at an average per share amount of 1,795. 
 
 (2) The maximum amount includes (i) 12,099,882 unsold under the 2022 Stock Repurchase Program, which expired on December 31, 2022, and (ii) 250,000,000 approved on November 1, 2022 and effective on January 1, 2023. 

16 

Table of Contents 

 Stock Repurchase Program Beginning January 1, 2023 
 
 On November 1, 2022, our Board approved a stock repurchase program to purchase up to an aggregate of 250 million of our outstanding common stock to be effective beginning January 1, 2023. 
 
 The Company intends to purchase stock under the repurchase program opportunistically with funds generated by cash from operations. This repurchase program may be suspended from time to time, modified, extended or discontinued by the Board at any time. Purchases under the stock repurchase program may be made through a combination of open market repurchases in compliance with Rule 10b-18 promulgated under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, privately negotiated transactions, and/or other transactions at the Company s discretion, including under a Rule 10b5-1 trading plan that may be implemented by the Company, and will be subject to market conditions, applicable legal requirements and other factors. 
 
 Effective January 1, 2023, the Company will be subject to a 1 excise tax on all share repurchases. For additional information please see Note 8, Income Taxes in Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 
 Performance Graph 
 
 The following graph compares the cumulative total return from January 11, 2021 (the date of our Corporate Reorganization) through December 31, 2022 of TPL common stock; the SPDR S P Oil Gas Exploration Production ETF XOP ), which includes TPL; and the Reference Group. The graph assumes that 100 was invested at the beginning of the period and that all dividends were reinvested for each TPL, the XOP, and the Reference Group. 
 
 The Reference Group consists of the companies referenced in Item 11 Executive Compensation in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 
 January 11, 2021 December 31, 2021 December 31, 2022 Texas Pacific Land Corporation 100 145 277 Reference Group 100 181 220 SPDR S P Oil Gas Exploration Production ETF 100 146 212 
 
 The information contained in the graph above is furnished and therefore not to be considered filed with the SEC, and is not incorporated by reference into any document that incorporates this Annual Report on Form 10-K by reference. 
 
 17 

Table of Contents 

 Item 6. Reserved. 
 18 

Table of Contents 

 Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. 

The following Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operation MD A is intended to help the reader understand the results of operations and financial condition of Texas Pacific Land Corporation. MD A is provided as a supplement to, and should be read in conjunction with, our consolidated financial statements and the accompanying Notes to Financial Statements included in Part II, Item 8 of this Form 10-K. This discussion and analysis contains forward-looking statements that involve risks, uncertainties and assumptions. Actual results may differ materially from those anticipated in these forward-looking statements as a result of various factors, including, but not limited to, those factors presented in Item 1A. Risk Factors and elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. This section generally discusses the results of our operations for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to the year ended December 31, 2021. For a discussion of the year ended December 31, 2021 compared to the year ended December 31, 2020, please refer to Part II, Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2021. 

Overview 

TPL was originally organized in 1888 as a business trust to hold title to extensive tracts of land in numerous counties in West Texas which were previously the property of the Texas and Pacific Railway Company. As discussed in Item 1. Business General Corporate Reorganization, on January 11, 2021, we completed our Corporate Reorganization from a business trust to a corporation changing our name from Texas Pacific Land Trust to Texas Pacific Land Corporation. 
 
 For an overview of our business and discussion of our business segments, see Item 1. Business General. 
 
 Our business activity is generated from our surface and royalty interest ownership in West Texas, primarily in the Permian Basin. Our revenues are derived from oil, gas and produced water royalties, sales of water and land, easements and commercial leases. Due to the nature of our operations and concentration of our ownership in one geographic location, our revenue and net income are subject to substantial fluctuations from quarter to quarter and year to year. In addition to fluctuations in response to changes in the market price for oil and gas, our financial results are also subject to decisions by the owners and operators of not only the oil and gas wells to which our oil and gas royalty interests relate, but also to other owners and operators in the Permian Basin as it relates to our other revenue streams, principally water sales, easements and other surface-related revenue. 

Market Conditions 
 
 Global Oil and Natural Gas Market Impact in 2022 
 
 Average oil and gas prices during 2022 were strong compared to average prices in previous years over the last decade. Oil prices were impacted by continued oil supply cuts by OPEC+, an uneven global demand recovery, and Russia s incursion into Ukraine, among other factors. In response to high oil prices during 2022, the United States US implemented various measures to help mitigate potential supply shortfalls and high oil prices, most notably by releasing millions of barrels of crude oil from its Strategic Petroleum Reserve. The confluence of these major events has contributed to fluctuations in oil prices during 2022. Global and domestic natural gas markets have also experienced volatility due to macroeconomic conditions, infrastructure and logistical constraints, and geopolitical issues, among other factors. US natural gas prices at Henry Hub, located in Erath, Louisiana, have strengthened in 2021 and 2022 due in part to liquified natural gas prices LNG exports and local demand for power, heating, and industrial activity. In 2022, the Waha Hub located in Pecos County, Texas, at times experienced significant negative price differentials relative to Henry Hub due in part to growing local Permian natural gas production gas and limited natural gas pipeline takeaway capacity. Inflation remains elevated and continues to significantly impact current labor costs and supplies. Changes in macro-economic conditions, including rising interest rates and lower global economic activity, could result in additional shifts in demand and supply in future periods. Although our revenues are directly and indirectly impacted by changes in oil prices, we believe our royalty interests (which require no capital expenditures or operating expense burden from us for well development), strong balance sheet, and liquidity position will help us navigate through potential oil price volatility. 
 
 COVID-19 Pandemic 
 
 We continue to monitor the COVID-19 pandemic. We are following local government mandates, where applicable, and will continue to revise and refine our on-site work to ensure business continuity and the safety and well-being of our employees. The full extent to which the pandemic impacts our business will depend on future developments that are highly 
 19 

Table of Contents 

 uncertain and cannot be predicted, including new information that may emerge concerning the severity, and new variants, of the virus. 

Permian Basin Activity 

The Permian Basin is one of the oldest and most well-known hydrocarbon-producing areas and currently accounts for a substantial portion of oil and gas production in the United States, covering approximately 86,000 square miles in 52 counties across southeastern New Mexico and western Texas. Exploration and production E P companies active in the Permian have generally increased their drilling and development activity in 2022 compared to recent prior year activity levels. Per the U.S. Energy Information Administration EIA ), Permian production is currently in excess of five million barrels per day, which is higher than the average daily production of any year prior to 2022. Despite record Permian production volumes, E P companies continue to experience challenges with labor and supply chains related to drilling and completion activities, which could negatively impact overall production. 
 
 With our ownership concentration in the Permian Basin, our revenues are directly impacted by oil and gas pricing and drilling activity in the Permian Basin. Below are metrics for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021: 
 
 Years Ended December 31, 2022 2021 Oil and Gas Pricing Metrics: (1) 
 WTI Cushing average price per bbl 94.90 68.14 Henry Hub average price per mmbtu 6.45 3.89 Activity Metrics specific to the Permian Basin: (1)(2) 
 Average monthly horizontal permits 627 549 Average monthly horizontal wells drilled 511 399 Average weekly horizontal rig count 318 231 DUCs as of December 31 for each applicable year 
 4,526 4,513 Total Average US weekly horizontal rig count (2) 
 659 431 
 
 (1) Commonly used definitions in the oil and gas industry provided in the table above are defined as follows: WTI Cushing represents West Texas Intermediate. Bbl represents one barrel of 42 U.S. gallons of oil. Mmbtu represents one million British thermal units, a measurement used for natural gas. DUCs represent drilled but uncompleted wells. 
 
 (2) Permian Basin specific information per Enverus analytics. US weekly horizontal rig counts per Baker Hughes United States Rotary Rig Count for horizontal rigs. Statistics for similar data are also available from other sources. The comparability between these other sources and the sources used by the Company may differ. 
 
 The metrics above show selected domestic benchmark oil and natural gas prices and approximate activity levels in the 
 Permian Basin for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. Our oil and gas royalties are impacted by both oil and gas prices as well as production levels. Oil and gas prices in 2022 have significantly increased compared to the comparable period in 2021. Although E P companies broadly continue to deploy capital at a measured pace, drilling and development activities across the Permian have generally improved in 2022 compared to the prior year. As we are a significant landowner in the Permian Basin and not an oil and gas producer, our revenue is affected by the development decisions made by companies that operate in the areas where we own royalty interests and land. Accordingly, these decisions made by others affect not only our production and produced water disposal volumes, but also directly impact our surface-related income and water sales. 

Liquidity and Capital Resources 

Overview 
 
 Our principal sources of liquidity are cash and cash flows generated from our operations. Our primary liquidity and capital requirements are for capital expenditures related to our Water Services and Operations segment (the extent and timing of which are under our control), working capital and general corporate needs. 
 
 20 

Table of Contents 

 We continuously review our liquidity and capital resources. If market conditions were to change and our revenues were to decline significantly or operating costs were to increase significantly, our cash flows and liquidity could be reduced. Should this occur, we could seek alternative sources of funding. We have no debt or credit facilities, nor any off-balance sheet arrangements as of December 31, 2022. 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, we had cash and cash equivalents of 510.8 million that we expect to utilize, along with cash flow from operations, to provide capital to support the growth of our business, to repurchase our Common Stock subject to market conditions, to pay dividends subject to the discretion of our Board and for general corporate purposes. For the year ended December 31, 2022, we repurchased 87.9 million of our Common Stock (including share repurchases not yet settled), and we paid 247.3 million in dividends to our stockholders. We believe that cash from operations, together with our cash and cash equivalents balances, will be sufficient to meet ongoing capital expenditures, working capital requirements and other cash needs for the foreseeable future. 
 
 During the year ended December 31, 2022, we invested approximately 18.6 million in Texas Pacific Water Resources LLC TPWR projects to maintain and/or enhance water sourcing assets, of which 6.9 million related to electrifying our water sourcing infrastructure. 
 
 Cash Flows from Operating Activities 
 
 For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, net cash provided by operating activities was 447.1 million and 265.2 million, respectively. Our cash flow provided by operating activities is primarily from oil, gas and produced water royalties, water and land sales, and easements and other surface-related income. Cash flow used in operations generally consists of operating expenses associated with our revenue streams, general and administrative expenses and income taxes. 
 
 The increase in cash flows provided by operating activities for the years ended December 31, 2022 compared to the same period of 2021, was primarily related to increased prices and volumes of oil and gas production and was partially offset by increased income tax payments. 
 
 Cash Flows Used in Investing Activities 
 
 For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, net cash used in investing activities was 21.4 million and 15.0 million, respectively. Our cash flows used in investing activities are primarily related to capital expenditures related to our water services and operations segment and acquisitions of royalty interests. 
 
 Capital expenditures increased 3.7 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to the same period of 2021. Acquisitions of royalty interests increased approximately 1.7 million for the years ended December 31, 2022 compared to the same period 2021. 
 
 Cash Flows Used in Financing Activities 
 
 For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, net cash used in financing activities was 336.8 million and 104.9 million, respectively. Our cash flows used in financing principally consist of activities which return capital to our stockholders such as payment of dividends and repurchases of our Common Stock. 
 
 During the year ended December 31, 2022, we paid total dividends of 247.3 million, consisting of cumulative paid cash dividends of 12.00 per share and special dividends of 20.00 per share. During the year ended December 31, 2021, we paid total dividends of 85.3 million consisting of cumulative cash dividends of 11.00 per share. We repurchased 87.9 million and 19.9 million of our Common Stock (including share repurchases not yet settled) during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 
 21 

Table of Contents 

 Results of Operations - Consolidated 

The following table shows our consolidated results of operations for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020 (in thousands): 
 Years Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 Revenues: Oil and gas royalties 452,434 286,468 137,948 Water sales 84,725 67,766 54,862 Produced water royalties 72,234 58,081 50,640 Easements and other surface-related income 48,057 37,616 41,398 Land sales and other operating revenue 9,972 1,027 17,716 Total revenues 667,422 450,958 302,564 Expenses: Salaries and related employee expenses 41,402 40,012 32,173 Water service-related expenses 17,463 13,233 14,233 General and administrative expenses 
 13,350 11,782 9,751 Legal and professional fees 8,735 7,281 10,778 Ad valorem taxes 8,734 Land sales expenses 55 3,973 Depreciation, depletion and amortization 
 15,376 16,257 14,395 Total operating expenses 105,115 88,565 85,303 Operating income 562,307 362,393 217,261 Other income, net 6,548 624 2,401 Income before income taxes 568,855 363,017 219,662 Income tax expense (benefit): Current 121,230 93,265 46,002 Deferred 1,263 (228) (2,389) Total income tax expense 122,493 93,037 43,613 Net income 446,362 269,980 176,049 
 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 Compared to Year Ended December 31, 2021 
 
 Consolidated Revenues and Net Income: 
 
 Total revenues increased 216.5 million, or 48.0 , to 667.4 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to 451.0 million for the year ended December 31, 2021. This increase was principally due to the 166.0 million increase in oil and gas royalties and the combined increase of 31.1 million in water sales and produced water royalties over the same period. Net income of 446.4 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 was 65.3 higher than the comparable period of 2021. The increase in net income was driven by the 55.2 increase in operating income resulting from the 48.0 increase in total revenues and the 3.9 improvement in operating margin to 84.3 for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to the prior year. Individual revenue line items are discussed below under Segment Results of Operations. 
 
 Consolidated Expenses: 
 
 Salaries and related employee expenses . Salaries and related employee expenses were 41.4 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to 40.0 million for the comparable period of 2021. Stock compensation expense for the 
 22 

Table of Contents 

 year ended December 31, 2022 was 7.6 million. As noted in Note 2, Summary of Significant Accounting Policies Share-Based Compensation, the Company recognizes share-based compensation expense using the graded-vesting method which impacts the timing of the recognition of stock compensation expense for stock awards with vesting periods in excess of one year. Prior to December 2021, the Company did not have an equity incentive plan and did not pay compensation in equity. Salaries and related employee expenses for the year ended December 31, 2021 included 6.7 million of severance costs. 
 
 Water service-related expenses . Water service-related expenses increased 4.2 million to 17.5 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to the same period of 2021. Transfer and treatment expenses for the year ended December 31, 2022 increased primarily due to heightened sales activity compared to the same period of 2021. Since the beginning of 2021, we have invested 13.3 million of capital in electrifying our water-related infrastructure to minimize our reliance on diesel-powered generators. Electricity expense for the year ended December 31, 2022 increased principally due to increased usage of our electrified infrastructure and rising electricity costs compared to the same period of 2021. This increase in electricity expense was partially offset by decreases in fuel and equipment rental expenses during the same time period. 
 
 General and administrative expenses. General and administrative expenses increased 1.6 million to 13.4 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 from 11.8 million for the same period of 2021. The increase in general and administrative expenses during the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to the same period of 2021 was principally related to increases in charitable contributions, corporate insurance and board expenses due to the expansion of our board to 10 directors. 
 
 Legal and professional fees . Legal and professional fees were 8.7 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to 7.3 million for the comparable period of 2021. The increase is principally related to legal expenses associated with stockholder matters. 
 
 Ad valorem taxes . For the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company recorded an expense of 8.7 million for ad valorem taxes. Prior to January 1, 2022, ad valorem taxes with respect to our historical royalty interests were paid directly by certain third parties pursuant to an existing arrangement. Since the completion of our Corporate Reorganization on January 11, 2021, we have received notice from one such third party that they no longer intend to pay the ad valorem taxes related to such historical royalty interests. While we continue to believe the obligation to pay these ad valorem taxes should belong to the third party, we have accrued an estimate of such taxes and intend to pay the taxes when they become due in order to protect the royalty interests from any potential tax liens for nonpayment of future ad valorem taxes. While we intend to seek reimbursement from the third party following payment of such taxes, we are unable to determine the likelihood of such reimbursement, and accordingly, have not recorded a loss recovery receivable as of December 31, 2022. 
 
 Other income, net. Other income, net was 6.5 million and 0.6 million for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Interest income earned on our cash balances increased as interest yields rose during 2022. 
 
 Total income tax expense. Total income tax expense was 122.5 million and 93.0 million for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The increase in income tax expense is primarily related to increased operating income resulting from increased revenues from oil and gas royalties and water sales. 

Segment Results of Operations 

We operate our business in two reportable segments: Land and Resource Management and Water Services and Operations. We eliminate any inter-segment revenues and expenses upon consolidation. 
 
 We evaluate the performance of our operating segments separately to monitor the different factors affecting financial results. The reportable segments presented are consistent with our reportable segments discussed in Note 12, Business Segment Reporting in Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. We monitor our reporting segments based upon revenue and net income calculated in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America GAAP ). 
 
 Our results of operations for the year ended December 31, 2022 have benefited directly and indirectly from a rebound in oil and gas activity in the Permian Basin and increases in commodity prices compared to 2021. Our oil and gas royalties have increased due to increased royalty production and higher commodity prices during this time period. Additionally, revenues derived from easements and other surface-related income, water sales, and produced water royalties have also generally been positively impacted by ongoing development activity in the Permian Basin. 

23 

Table of Contents 

 Year Ended December 31, 2022 Compared to Year Ended December 31, 2021 
 
 The following is an analysis of our operating results for the comparable periods by reportable segment (dollars in thousands): 
 Years Ended December 31, 2022 2021 Revenues: Land and resource management: Oil and gas royalties 452,434 68 286,468 64 Easements and other surface-related income 44,569 7 32,892 7 Land sales and other operating revenue 9,972 1 1,027 Total Land and resource management 506,975 76 320,387 71 Water services and operations: Water sales 84,725 13 67,766 15 Produced water royalties 72,234 11 58,081 13 Easements and other surface-related income 3,488 4,724 1 Total Water services and operations 160,447 24 130,571 29 Total consolidated revenues 667,422 100 450,958 100 Net income: Land and resource management 365,041 82 208,897 77 Water services and operations 81,321 18 61,083 23 Total consolidated net income 446,362 100 269,980 100 
 
 Land and Resource Management 
 
 Land and Resource Management segment revenues increased 186.6 million, or 58.2 , to 507.0 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 as compared with revenues of 320.4 million for the comparable period of 2021. The increase in Land and Resource Management segment revenues is principally due to the 166.0 million increase in oil and gas royalties for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to the comparable period of 2021. 
 
 Oil and gas royalties . Oil and gas royalties were 452.4 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to 286.5 million for the year ended December 31, 2021, an increase of 57.9 . 
 
 The table below provides financial and operational data by royalty stream for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021: 
 
 24 

Table of Contents 

 Years Ended December 31, 2022 2021 Our share of production volumes (1) : 
 Oil (MBbls) 3,401 3,076 Natural gas (MMcf) 13,086 12,082 NGL (MBbls) 2,208 1,705 Equivalents (MBoe) 7,791 6,795 Equivalents per day (MBoe/d) 21.3 18.6 Oil and gas royalties (in thousands): Oil royalties 307,606 195,710 Natural gas royalties 74,866 40,964 NGL royalties 
 69,962 49,794 Total oil and gas royalties 452,434 286,468 Realized prices: Oil /Bbl) 94.69 66.62 Natural gas /Mcf) 6.19 3.67 NGL /Bbl) 34.25 31.56 Equivalents /Boe) 60.81 44.14 

(1) Commonly used definitions in the oil and gas industry not previously defined: Boe represents barrels of oil equivalent. MBbls represents one thousand barrels of crude oil, condensate or NGLs. Mcf represents one thousand cubic feet of natural gas. MMcf represents one million cubic feet of natural gas. MBoe represents one thousand Boe. MBoe/d represents one thousand Boe per day. 
 
 Our share of crude oil, natural gas and NGL production volumes was 21.3 thousand Boe per day for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to 18.6 thousand Boe per day for the same period of 2021. The average realized prices were 94.69 per barrel of oil, 6.19 per Mcf of natural gas, and 34.25 per barrel of NGL, for a total equivalent price of 60.81 per Boe for the year ended December 31, 2022, an increase of 16.67 per Boe compared to the total equivalent price of 44.14 per Boe for the same period of 2021. 
 
 Easements and other surface-related income. Easements and other surface-related income was 44.6 million for the year ended December 31, 2022, an increase of 35.5 compared to 32.9 million for the year ended December 31, 2021. Easements and other surface-related income includes revenue related to the use and crossing of our land for oil and gas exploration and production, renewable energy, and agricultural operations. The increase in easements and other surface-related income is principally related to increases of 4.5 million in wellbore easements, 3.7 million in material sales, and 2.8 million in pipeline easement income for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to the same period of 2021. Easements and other surface-related income is dependent on development decisions made by companies that operate in the areas where we own land and is, therefore, unpredictable and may vary significantly from period to period. See Market Conditions above for additional discussion of development activity in the Permian Basin during the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 
 Land sales and other operating revenue . Land sales and other operating revenue includes revenue generated from land sales and grazing leases and was 10.0 million and 1.0 million for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. For the year ended December 31, 2022, we sold 6,392 acres of land for an aggregate sales price of 9.7 million or approximately 1,515 per acre. For the year ended December 31, 2021, we sold 30 acres of land for an aggregate sales price of approximately 0.7 million, or approximately 25,000 per acre. 
 
 Net income. Net income for the Land and Resource Management segment was 365.0 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to 208.9 million for the year ended December 31, 2021. Expenses, including income tax expense, for the Land and Resource Management segment were 141.9 million and 111.5 million for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The increase in expenses during 2022 is principally related to a 24.0 million 
 25 

Table of Contents 

 increase in income tax expense for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to the same period of 2021. Expenses are discussed further above under Results of Operations. 
 
 Water Services and Operations 
 
 Water Services and Operations segment revenues increased 22.9 , to 160.4 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 as compared with revenues of 130.6 million for the comparable period of 2021. The increase in Water Services and Operations segment revenues is due to increases in water sales revenue and produced water royalties, which are discussed below. As discussed in Market Conditions above, our segment revenues are directly influenced by development decisions made by our customers and the overall activity level in the Permian Basin. Accordingly, our segment revenues and sales volumes, as further discussed below, will fluctuate from period to period based upon those decisions and activity levels. 
 
 Water sales . Water sales revenue increased 17.0 million, or 25.0 to 84.7 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to the same period of 2021. The increase in water sales is principally due to an increase of approximately 10.3 in sourced and treated water sales volumes for the years ended December 31, 2022 compared to the year ended December 31, 2021. 
 
 Produced water royalties. Produced water royalties are received from the transfer or disposal of produced water on our land. Produced water royalties are contractual and not paid as a matter of right. We do not operate any salt water disposal wells. Produced water royalties were 72.2 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to 58.1 million for the same period in 2021. This increase is principally due to increased produced water volumes for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to the same period of 2021. 
 
 Easements and other surface-related income . Easements and other surface-related income was 3.5 million for the year ended December 31, 2022, a decrease of 1.2 million compared to 4.7 million for the year ended December 31, 2021. The decrease in easements and other surface-related income relates to a decrease in temporary permits for sourced water lines for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to the same period in 2021. 
 
 Net income . Net income for the Water Services and Operations segment was 81.3 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to 61.1 million for the year ended December 31, 2021. As discussed above, revenues for the Water Services and Operations segment increased 22.9 for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to the same period of 2021. Expenses, including income tax expense, for the Water Services and Operations segment were 79.1 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 as compared to 69.5 million for the year ended December 31, 2021. The overall increase in segment expenses during 2022 is principally related to a 5.4 million increase in income tax expense and a 4.2 million increase in water service-related expenses resulting from increased segment revenue and operating income during the same time period. Expenses are discussed further above under Results of Operations. 

Non-GAAP Performance Measures 
 
 In addition to amounts presented in accordance with GAAP, we also present certain supplemental non-GAAP measurements. These measurements are not to be considered more relevant or accurate than the measurements presented in accordance with GAAP. In compliance with the requirements of the SEC, our non-GAAP measurements are reconciled to net income, the most directly comparable GAAP performance measure. For all non-GAAP measurements, neither the SEC nor any other regulatory body has passed judgment on these non-GAAP measurements. 
 
 EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA 
 
 EBITDA is a non-GAAP financial measurement of earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation, depletion and amortization. Its purpose is to highlight earnings without finance, taxes, and depreciation, depletion and amortization expense, and its use is limited to specialized analysis. We calculate Adjusted EBITDA as EBITDA excluding employee share-based compensation, conversion costs related to our Corporate Reorganization, and severance costs. Its purpose is to highlight earnings without non-cash activity such as share-based compensation and/or other non-recurring or unusual items such as conversion and severance costs. We have presented EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA because we believe that both are useful supplements to net income in analyzing operating performance. 

26 

Table of Contents 

 The following table presents a reconciliation of net income to EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020 (in thousands): 
 Years Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 Net income 446,362 269,980 176,049 Add: Income tax expense 122,493 93,037 43,613 Depreciation, depletion and amortization 15,376 16,257 14,395 EBITDA 584,231 379,274 234,057 Add: Employee share-based compensation 7,583 Severance costs 6,680 Conversion costs related to corporate reorganization 2,026 5,050 Adjusted EBITDA 591,814 387,980 239,107 

Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements 
 
 The Company has not engaged in any off-balance sheet arrangements. 

Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates 

The preparation of financial statements in conformity with GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements. It is our opinion that we fully disclose our significant accounting policies in the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements. Consistent with our disclosure policies, we include the following discussion related to what we believe to be our most critical accounting policies that require our most difficult, subjective or complex judgment. 
 
 Accrual of Oil and Gas Royalties 
 
 The Company accrues oil and gas royalties. An accrual is necessary due to the time lag between the production of oil and gas and generation of the actual payment by operators. The oil and gas royalty accrual is based upon historical production volumes, estimates of the timing of future payments and recent market prices for oil and gas. 

New Accounting Pronouncements 

For further information regarding recently issued accounting pronouncements, see Note 2, Summary of Significant Accounting Policies in Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data. 

Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk. 

The Company s financial instruments consist of cash and cash equivalents (consisting of U.S. Treasury Bills and commercial paper), accounts payable and other liabilities and the carrying amounts of these instruments approximate fair value due to the short-term nature of these instruments. 

Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data. 
 
 The information required by this Item 8 is included in our consolidated financial statements and the notes thereto included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 27 

Table of Contents 

Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure. 
 
 Not applicable. 

Item 9A. Controls and Procedures. 

Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
 
 We conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of our controls and procedures (as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) of the Exchange Act, referred to herein as Disclosure Controls as of December 31, 2022. The controls evaluation was performed under the supervision and with the participation of management, including our Chief Executive Officer CEO and Chief Financial Officer CFO ). Based upon that evaluation, our CEO and CFO have concluded that our Disclosure Controls and procedures were effective. 
 
 Management s Annual Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 
 Management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting, as defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) under the Exchange Act using the criteria set forth by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO) in Internal Control-Integrated Framework (2013) . Our internal control over financial reporting is designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with GAAP. Our management assessed the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022. Based on this assessment, our CEO and CFO concluded our internal control over financial reporting was effective as of December 31, 2022. 
 
 Deloitte Touche LLP, our independent registered public accounting firm, has audited our internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022. Deloitte Touche LLP's opinion appears in Part II, Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 
 Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 
 There have been no changes during the quarter ended December 31, 2022 in the Company s internal control over financial reporting that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, the Company s internal control over financial reporting. 

28 

Table of Contents 

 REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 
 
 To the stockholders and the Board of Directors of Texas Pacific Land Corporation 
 
 Opinion on Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 
 We have audited the internal control over financial reporting of Texas Pacific Land Corporation (the Company as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control - Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO). In our opinion, the Company maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control - Integrated Framework (2013) issued by COSO. 
 
 We have also audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the consolidated financial statements as of and for the year ended December 31, 2022, of the Company and our report dated February 22, 2023, expressed an unqualified opinion on those financial statements. 
 
 Basis for Opinion 
 
 The Company s management is responsible for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting, included in the accompanying Management Representation Letter. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s internal control over financial reporting based on our audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 
 We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. Our audit included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk, and performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 
 Definition and Limitations of Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 
 A company s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 
 
 Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 
 
 /s/ Deloitte Touche LLP 
 
 Dallas, Texas 
 February 22, 2023 
 29 

Table of Contents 

 Item 9B. Other Information. 
 
 Not applicable. 

Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections. 
 
 Not applicable. 
 30 

Table of Contents 

 PART III 

Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance. 
 
 As discussed in Item 1. Business General Corporate Reorganization , on January 11, 2021, we completed our Corporate Reorganization from a business trust to a corporation changing our name from Texas Pacific Land Trust to Texas Pacific Land Corporation. Our Corporate Reorganization included a change in our governance structure to a board of directors from our previous structure of being governed by Trustees. 
 
 Directors 
 
 David E. Barry , 77 , serves as a Co-Chair of the Board and has been a member of the Board since January 11, 2021. Mr. Barry served as a Trustee of the Trust from 2017 to January 11, 2021. Mr. Barry has served as president of Tarka Resources, Inc., which is engaged in oil and gas exploration in Texas, Oklahoma and Louisiana, since 2012. He also served as President of Tarka, Inc. from 2012 through 2014, until such company was merged with Tarka Resources, Inc. in 2016. Mr. Barry practiced real estate, employee benefits and compensation law at the law firm of Kelley Drye Warren LLP Kelley Drye from 1969, becoming a partner in 1978. Mr. Barry represented the Trust for more than 30 years as a partner at Kelley Drye. Mr. Barry retired from Kelley Drye in 2014. Beginning in 2007 and then full-time starting in 2012, Mr. Barry has worked as President of Sidra Real Estate, Inc., an entity with commercial real estate holdings throughout the United States. 
 
 Rhys J. Best , 75 , has been a member of the Board since April 15, 2022. Mr. Best currently serves on the board of Arcosa Inc. (NYSE: ACA) (since 2018), where he serves as the non-executive Chairman of the Board. Mr. Best previously served on the board of Cabot Oil and Gas Corp. (from 2008 to 2021), his term ending after the company merged with Cimarex Energy in 2021 to form Coterra Energy (NYSE: CTRA). Mr. Best also previously served on the boards of Commercial Metals Company (NYSE: CMC) (from 2010 to 2022), Crosstex Energy, LP, an integrated, multi-commodity midstream enterprise (NASDAQ: XTEX) (from 2004 to 2014, including serving as Chairman of the Board from 2009 to 2014), MRC Global, Inc., a pipe, valve and fitting distribution business (NYSE: MRC) (from 2008 to 2022, including serving as Chairman of the Board from 2016 to 2022), Trinity Industries, Inc. (NYSE: TRN) (from 2005 to 2018), and Austin Industries, an employee-owned construction company (from 2007 to 2018, including serving as Chairman of the Board from 2013 to 2018). Mr. Best is the former Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of Lone Star Technologies, Inc., an energy services and supply company, a role he retired from in 2007 after the successful merger with United States Steel Company (NYSE: X). 
 
 Mr. Best serves on the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee of the Board. 
 
 General Donald G. Cook, USAF (Ret.) 76, has been a member of the board since January 11, 2021. General Cook currently serves on the board of Cybernance, Inc. (since 2016). General Cook previously served on the boards of Crane Co. (from 2005 to 2022), USAA Federal Savings Bank (from 2007 to 2018), U.S. Security Associates Inc., a Goldman Sachs portfolio company (from 2011 to 2018), and Beechcraft LLC, formerly known as Hawker Beechcraft Inc. (from 2007 to 2014). General Cook served on the board of Burlington Northern Santa Fe Railroad for almost five years until it was sold to Berkshire Hathaway in 2010 in a transaction valued at 44 billion. He also consults for Lockheed Martin Corporation. In addition to his extensive corporate governance experience, General Cook has been the Chairman of the San Antonio advisory board of the NACD Texas TriCities Chapter, a group recognized as the authority on leading boardroom practices. General Cook had numerous additional command and high-level staff assignments during his 36-year career with the Air Force and retired as a four-star General. He commanded a flying training wing and two space wings, the 20th Air Force (the nation s nuclear Intercontinental Ballistic Missile force) and was interim Commander of Air Combat Command during the September 11 attacks. General Cook served as the Chief of the Senate Liaison Office and on the staff of the House Armed Services Committee in the U.S. House of Representatives. Prior to his retirement from the Air Force in August 2005, General Cook s culminating assignment was Commander, Air Education and Training Command at Randolph Air Force Base in Texas, where he was responsible for executing the 8 billion annual budget to recruit, train and educate Air Force personnel, safely implementing the 500,000-hour annual flying hour program and providing for the leadership, welfare, and oversight of 90,000 military and civilian personnel in the command. He was twice awarded the Distinguished Service Medal for exceptional leadership. 
 
 General Cook serves on and is the chairperson of the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee and also serves on the Compensation Committee of the Board. 
 
 Barbara J. Duganier, 64, has been a member of the Board since January 11, 2021. Ms. Duganier currently serves on the board of MRC Global Inc. (NYSE: MRC) (since 2015), an industrial distributor of pipe, valves and other related products and services to the energy industry, where she chairs the audit committee and serves on the ESG and enterprise risk committee. 
 31 

Table of Contents 

 Ms. Duganier also serves on the boards of two private companies: McDermott International, Ltd. (since 2020), a fully-integrated provider of engineering and construction solutions to the energy industry, where she chairs the audit committee and serves on the risk committee; and Pattern Energy Group LP (since 2020), a private renewable energy company focused on wind, solar, transmission and storage where she chairs the audit committee. Ms. Duganier previously served on the boards of the general partner of Buckeye Partners, L.P. (NYSE: BPL), a midstream oil and gas master limited partnership, where she chaired the audit committee and served on the compensation committee until the company s sale in November 2019; of Noble Energy (NASDAQ: NBL), an exploration and production company, where she served as a member of the audit and nominating and governance committees until the company s sale in October 2020; and West Monroe Partners, a management and technology consulting firm, where she was the lead independent director and nominating and governance committee chair until the sale of the company in November 2021. Ms. Duganier is also a former director and member of the enterprise and risk oversight and compensation committees of HCC Insurance Holdings, a property and casualty insurance underwriter, which was sold in 2015. 
 
 From 2004 to 2013, Ms. Duganier was a Managing Director at Accenture, a multinational professional services company that provides services in strategy, consulting, digital technology, and operations. She held various leadership and management positions in Accenture s outsourcing business, including Global Chief Strategy Officer and Global Growth and Offering Development Lead. A year prior to joining Accenture, she served as an independent consultant to Duke Energy North America. From 1979 to 2002, Ms. Duganier, who is a licensed certified public accountant in the State of Texas, worked at Arthur Andersen LLP, where she served as an auditor and financial consultant, as well as in various leadership and management roles, including Global Chief Financial Officer of Andersen Worldwide. Ms. Duganier also serves on the boards of John Carroll University and the National Association of Corporate Directors Texas TriCities Chapter (NACD TTC), and is the past Chairperson of the NACD TTC board of directors. Ms. Duganier is an NACD Leadership Fellow, and holds the CERT Cybersecurity Oversight Certification and NACD Director Certification. 
 
 Ms. Duganier serves on and is the chairperson of the Compensation Committee and also serves on the Audit Committee of the Board. 
 
 Donna E. Epps, 58, has been a member of the Board since January 11, 2021. Ms. Epps currently serves on the board of Saia, Inc. (NASDAQ: SAIA) (since 2019), where she serves on the audit committee and the nominating and governance committee, and on the board of Texas Roadhouse, Inc. (NASDAQ: TXRH), where she serves as Chair of the audit committee, and as a member of the nominating and governance committee and the compensation committee. Ms. Epps was with Deloitte LLP, a multinational professional services network, for over 30 years. Ms. Epps served as an attest Partner of Deloitte LLP from 1998 through 2003 and as a Risk and Financial Advisory Partner of Deloitte LLP from 2004 until her retirement in 2017. During her time at Deloitte LLP, Ms. Epps helped companies develop and implement proactive enterprise risk and compliance programs, focusing on value protection and creation, and provided attest services and financial advisory services in governance, risk and compliance matters to private and public companies across multiple industries. Ms. Epps is currently a licensed certified public accountant in the State of Texas and a member of the North Texas Chapter of the National Association of Corporate Directors Board. Ms. Epps has served as Chair of the Girl Scouts of Northeast Texas Board since April 2021 and Treasurer and Finance Committee Chair of Readers2Leaders in Dallas, Texas since 2019. 
 
 Ms. Epps serves on and is the chairperson of the Audit Committee and also serves on the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee of the Board. 
 
 Karl F. Kurz, 61, has been a member of the Board since April 15, 2022. Mr. Kurz is currently a non-executive Chairman of the board at American Water Works Co., Inc. (NYSE: AWK) and a member of the board at Devon Energy Corporation (NYSE: DVN) where he serves on the Compensation Committee, Governance, Environmental Public Policy Committee and Reserves Committee. Mr. Kurz previously served on the board of Global Geophysical Services Inc. (NYSE: GGS), SemGroup Corporation (NYSE: SEMG), Western Gas Partners LP (NYSE:WES), WPX Energy Inc. (NYSE: WPX), Chaparral Energy Inc.(private) and Siluria Technologies Inc. (private). Mr. Kurz spent nine years at Anadarko Petroleum Corporation, where he held roles as Chief Operating Officer and Senior Vice President of Northern America Operations, Midstream and Marketing. Mr. Kurz also has extensive private equity experience that includes serving as a senior investment executive at Ares Capital and CCMP Capital Advisors, where he focused on investments in the oil and gas upstream and midstream sectors. 
 
 Mr. Kurz serves on the Compensation Committee of the Board. 
 
 John R. Norris III, 69, serves as a Co-Chair of the Board and has been a member of the Board since January 11, 2021. Mr. Norris served as a Trustee of the Trust from 2000 to January 11, 2021. Mr. Norris is a member with the law firm Norris Weber, PLLC Norris Weber in Dallas, Texas. Mr. Norris began working with a predecessor firm of Norris 
 32 

Table of Contents 

 Weber in 1979 and has stayed with the firm throughout the past 40 years. He has been continuously certified as a legal specialist in estate planning and probate law by the Texas Board of Legal Specialization since 1989. In 1995, he was elected as a Fellow of the American College of Trusts and Estate Counsel, a professional association of lawyers throughout the United States who have been recognized as outstanding practitioners in the laws of wills, trusts, estate planning and administration and related tax planning. Mr. Norris is a member of the State Bar of Texas and the Dallas Bar Association, where he served as Chairman of the Probate, Trust Estate section in 1995. Mr. Norris was a member of the District 6A Grievance Committee of the State Bar of Texas between 1995 and 2001, serving as its Chairperson between 1998 and 2000. 
 
 Eric. L Oliver, 63, has been a member of the Board since January 11, 2021. Mr. Oliver currently serves as the President of SoftVest Advisors, a registered investment adviser that acts as an investment manager for private fund clients. Mr. Oliver additionally serves as the President of HeartsBluff Music Partners, LLC and Carrizo Springs Music Partners, LLC, both of which are registered investment advisers pursuant to an umbrella registration filed by SoftVest Advisors, LLC. Previously, Mr. Oliver was President of Midland Map Company, LLC, a Permian Basin oil and gas lease and ownership map producer from 1997 until its sale in January of 2019 to Drilling- Info, and was Principal of Geologic Research Centers LLC, a log library providing geological data to the oil and gas industry with a library in Abilene, Texas, sold in 2019. Additionally, Mr. Oliver served on the board of Texas Mutual Insurance Company from 2009 until he retired in July 2021. He has also served as a director on the board of AMEN Properties, Inc. (OTC: AMEN) since July 2001 and was appointed Chairman of the Board in September 2002. AMEN Properties directly or indirectly owns certain oil and gas royalty and working interest properties. Furthermore, Mr. Oliver serves on the board of Abilene Christian Investment Management Company, Abilene Christian University s endowment management company, and is a former member of the Abilene Community Foundation s investment committee. Mr. Oliver received a B.A. in Chemistry from Abilene Christian University in 1981. Mr. Oliver is the Softvest Designee pursuant to the Stockholders Agreement. 
 
 Mr. Oliver serves on the Audit Committee of the Board. 
 
 Murray Stahl, 69, has been a member of the Board since January 11, 2021. Mr. Stahl is the Chief Executive Officer, Chairman of the Board and co-founder of Horizon Kinetics LLC and serves as Chief Investment Officer of Horizon Kinetics Asset Management LLC, a wholly owned subsidiary of Horizon Kinetics LLC (together, Horizon Kinetics ). He has over 30 years of investing experience and is responsible for overseeing Horizon Kinetics proprietary research and chairs the firm s investment committee, which is responsible for portfolio management decisions across the entire firm. He is also the Co-Portfolio Manager for a number of registered investment companies, private funds, and institutional separate accounts. Mr. Stahl is the Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of FRMO Corp. (OTC: FRMO) and has been a director since 2001. He is also a member of the board of RENN Fund, Inc. (NYSE: RCG) (since 2017), the Bermuda Stock Exchange, MSRH, LLC, and the Minneapolis Grain Exchange. He was a member of the board of Winland Electronics, Inc. (from 2015 to 2020) and IL FS Securities Services Limited (from 2008 to 2020). Prior to co-founding Horizon Kinetics, Mr. Stahl spent 16 years at Bankers Trust Company (from 1978 to 1994) as a senior portfolio manager and research analyst. As a senior fund manager, he was responsible for investing the Utility Mutual Fund, along with three of the bank s Common Trust Funds: The Special Opportunity Fund, The Utility Fund and The Tangible Assets Fund. He was also a member of the Equity Strategy Group and the Investment Strategy Group, which established asset allocation guidelines for the Private Bank. Mr. Stahl is the Horizon Designee pursuant to the Stockholders Agreement. 
 
 Mr. Stahl serves on the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee of the Board. 
 
 Tyler Glover, 38, has been a member of the Board since January 11, 2021. Mr. Glover serves as TPL s President and Chief Executive Officer. Mr. Glover served as Chief Executive Officer, Co-General Agent and Secretary of the Trust from November 2016 to January 11, 2021. Mr Glover also currently serves as President and Chief Executive Officer of TPWR, a wholly owned subsidiary of TPL, in which capacity he has acted since its formation in June 2017. Mr. Glover previously served as Assistant General Agent of the Trust from December 2014 to November 2016, and has over 10 years of energy services and land management experience. 
 
 Executive Officers 
 
 Tyler Glover , 38 , serves as TPL s President and Chief Executive Officer. Biographical information for Mr. Glover is included above. 
 
 Chris Steddum, 42, serves as TPL s Chief Financial Officer since June 1, 2021. Prior to that, Mr. Steddum served as Vice President, Finance and Investor Relations of TPL and also served as Vice President, Finance and Investor Relations of the Trust. Prior to joining the Trust in 2019, Mr. Steddum spent 10 years working in oil and gas investment banking, most recently 
 33 

Table of Contents 

 as a Director at Stifel Financial Corporation from 2016 to 2019, and prior to that served as a Director at GMP Securities from 2014 to 2016. 
 
 Micheal W. Dobbs, 50, serves as TPL s Senior Vice President, Secretary and General Counsel. Mr. Dobbs also served as Senior Vice President and General Counsel of the Trust from August 2020 until January 11, 2021. Prior to joining the Trust, Mr. Dobbs had been a partner at Kelley Drye Warren LLP. 
 
 Significant Employees 
 
 Robert A. Crain , 44 , serves as Executive Vice President of TPWR, in which capacity he has served since its formation in June 2017. From 2015 to 2017, Mr. Crain was Water Resources Manager with EOG Resources where he led the development of EOG s water resource development efforts across multiple basins including the Permian and Eagle Ford. During his career, he has successfully developed multiple large-scale water sourcing, distribution and treatment systems across multiple platforms and industries. 
 
 Stephanie Buffington , 56 , serves as TPL s Chief Accounting Officer, in which capacity she has served since June 1, 2021. From September 2020 through May 2021, Ms. Buffington served as Vice President of Financial Reporting and from December 2017 through September 2021 served as Director of Financial Reporting. Prior to joining the Company, Ms. Buffington most recently served as Vice President of Financial Reporting at Monogram Residential Trust, Inc., a publicly traded REIT, from 2014 to 2017. Ms. Buffington has over 25 years of public company experience and began her career at KPMG. She is a licensed Certified Public Accountant in the State of Texas. 
 
 Matters Relating to Our Governance 
 
 Code of Business Conduct and Ethics 
 
 The Board has adopted a Code of Business Conduct and Ethics applicable to all members of the Board, executive officers and employees. A copy of the Code of Business Conduct and Ethics is available on the Company s corporate website at www.TexasPacific.com. The information contained on our website is not part of this Report. We intend to disclose any amendment to, or waiver of, a provision of our Code of Business Conduct and Ethics by filing a Current Report on Form 8-K with the SEC. 
 
 Communication with Directors 
 
 The Board is committed to meaningful engagement with stockholders and other interested persons and welcomes input and suggestions. Information regarding how stockholders can contact the Co-Chairs or non-management members of the Board is set forth in our Corporate Governance Guidelines that are posted on our website, www.TexasPacific.com. Stockholders and other interested persons who wish to contact the Board may do so by submitting any communications to the Company by mail at 1700 Pacific Avenue, Suite 2900, Dallas, Texas 75201, Attention: Investor Relations. 
 
 Board Leadership Structure and Risk Oversight 
 
 Mr. Norris and Mr. Barry jointly serve as chairs of the Board (together, the Co-Chairs ). The Co-Chairs of the Board are independent directors. The Company believes that having an independent chair or independent Co-Chairs of the Board will provide strong leadership for the Board and help ensure critical and independent thinking with respect to the Company s strategy and performance. Our Chief Executive Officer is also expected to serve as a member of the Board as the management representative. The Company believes this is important to make information and insight directly available to the directors in their deliberations. This structure gives the Company an appropriate, well-functioning balance between non-management and management directors that combines experience, accountability, and effective risk oversight. The duties of the Chair or Co-Chairs are set forth in our Corporate Governance Guidelines, and include chairing Board meetings and meetings of stockholders, except as otherwise provided by our Bylaws, establishing the agenda for each Board meeting, leading executive sessions of the Board (if the Chair or Co-Chairs qualify as independent), having authority to call Board meetings, approving meeting schedules for the Board and information distributed to the Board, consulting with the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee with regard to the membership and performance evaluations of the Board and committee members, and performing such other duties and responsibilities as requested by the Board. 
 
 Our Corporate Governance Guidelines allow for the Chair of the Board and the Chief Executive Officer roles to be filled by a single individual. In the event the Chair does not qualify as independent, the independent directors shall select from among themselves a lead independent director, or only one of the Co-Chairs qualifies as independent, the independent Co-Chair 
 34 

Table of Contents 

 shall also serve the functions of the lead independent director. The duties of a lead independent director are set forth in our Corporate Governance Guidelines, and include chairing Board meetings in the absence of the Chair or Co-Chairs, convening and leading executive sessions of the Board, serving as a liaison between the Chair or Co-Chairs and the independent directors, being available for consultation and director communication with major stockholders as directed by the Board, and performing such other duties and responsibilities as requested by the Board. 
 
 The Company believes that risk oversight is the responsibility of the Board as a whole and not solely of any one of its committees. The Board periodically reviews the processes established by management to identify and manage risks and communicates with management about these processes. In addition to these measures, the Audit Committee regularly discusses policies with respect to risk assessment and risk management, the Company s major litigation and financial risk exposures, compliance, cybersecurity, information technology and the steps management has taken to monitor and control such exposures, and the Compensation Committee oversees risks arising from the Company s compensation and employee benefits plans, policies and programs for its employees. The Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee, with assistance from the Audit Committee and the Compensation Committee, oversees our ESG program and monitors related risks. The Board, and the various committee chairs, address any issues identified in such discussions and reviews with management as they arise, and monitors actions, procedures or processes implemented in response. 
 
 Our General Counsel serves as our chief compliance officer, and periodically reviews the effectiveness of the Company s compliance programs and responds to, and monitors the status and response to, compliance issues that may arise from time to time. The General Counsel reports to the Chief Executive Officer. 
 
 Audit Committee Procedures; Procedures for Approval of Related Person Transactions 
 
 The Audit Committee meets separately and periodically with the Company s independent auditor, the Company s chief financial officer and a representative of the internal audit function to assess certain matters, including the status of the independent audit process, management and the independent auditor s assessments of the Company s financial reporting and internal controls and compliance with legal and regulatory requirements, and management s views as to the competence, performance and independence of the independent auditor. The Audit Committee oversees the internal audit function, including its structure, personnel, budget, and annual internal audit plans. In addition, the Audit Committee, as a whole, reviews and meets to discuss the annual audited financial statements and quarterly financial statements with management and the independent auditor. The Audit Committee makes a recommendation to the Board each year as to whether the annual audited financial statements should be included in the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 
 Information about the procedures for approval of related person transactions is available below in Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence Transactions with Related Persons. 
 
 Qualifications and Nominations of Directors 
 
 The Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee charter provides that the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee screen, recruit and interview individuals that the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee believes are qualified to become members of the Board, consistent with criteria approved by the Board from time to time, and to recommend to the Board the (a) director nominees to be selected by the Board to stand for election or re-election at the annual meeting of stockholders and (b) director candidates to be appointed by the Board to fill vacancies and newly created directorships. The Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee reviews periodically the size of the Board and oversees an annual self-evaluation of the Board and its committees. The Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee may also consider such other factors as it may deem to be in the best interests of the Company and its stockholders. 
 
 Whenever the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee concludes, based on the reviews or considerations described above or due to a vacancy, that a new nominee to the Board is required or advisable, it will consider recommendations from directors, management, stockholders and, if it deems appropriate, consultants retained for that purpose. In such circumstances, it will evaluate individuals recommended by stockholders in the same manner as nominees recommended from other sources. Stockholders who wish to nominate an individual for election as a director directly, without going through the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee, must comply with the procedures in the Company s amended and restated bylaws. The Company s amended and restated bylaws are provided on our website at www.TexasPacific.com. 
 
 Our Board has adopted a majority vote policy. Under this policy any nominee for director in an uncontested election who does not receive a majority of the votes cast is required to tender his or her resignation following certification of the 
 35 

Table of Contents 

 stockholder vote. The Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee will consider the tendered resignation and make a recommendation to the Board whether to accept or reject the resignation. 
 
 Insider Trading Policy; Anti-Hedging Policy 
 
 We have an Insider Trading Policy that sets forth terms, conditions, timing, limitations, and prohibitions with respect to trading in the Company s securities. The Insider Trading Policy prohibits all employees, executive officers, directors, agents, consultants and contractors from trading in the Company s securities while in possession of material nonpublic information. Such persons are also generally prohibited from hedging, including engaging in publicly-traded options, puts, calls, or other derivative instruments relating to the Company s securities, or selling the Company s securities short. The Insider Trading Policy also requires that such persons obtain pre-approval from the Company s General Counsel for all pledges, and the deposit in margin accounts, of the Company s securities and the securities of any other company designated by the Company s General Counsel. The Insider Trading Policy also restricts directors, officers subject to Section 16 of the Exchange Act, and certain other specifically designated employees from trading in the Company s securities during certain periods and only after they have obtained pre-clearance for trades in the Company s securities from the Company s General Counsel (or, in the case of the General Counsel, the Chief Financial Officer). 
 
 Clawback Policy 
 
 In 2022, the Company adopted a Clawback Policy in accordance with Section 10D of the Exchange Act and Rule 10D-1 promulgated thereunder (collectively, Section 10D ). In the event the Company is required to prepare an accounting restatement of its financial statements due to the Company s material noncompliance with any such financial reporting requirement, the Clawback Policy requires that covered executives must reimburse the Company, or forfeit, any excess incentive compensation received by such covered executive during the three completed fiscal years immediately preceding the date on which the Company is required to prepare the restatement. Executives covered by the Clawback Policy are current and former executive officers, as determined by the Board in accordance with Section 10D and the listing standards of the NYSE. Incentive compensation subject to the Clawback Policy includes any cash or equity compensation that is granted, earned or vested based wholly or in part on the attainment of a financial reporting measure as defined in Section 10D. The amount subject to recovery is the excess of the incentive compensation received based on the erroneous data over the incentive compensation that would have been received had it been based on the restated results. 
 
 Environmental, Social and Governance 
 
 Please see our ESG discussion in Item 1. Business. 
 
 Human Capital 
 
 Please see our Human Capital Resources discussion in Item 1. Business. 
 
 Board of Directors 
 
 The Board currently consists of ten (10) directors, nine (9) of whom - Mr. Barry, Mr. Best, Gen. Cook, Ms. Duganier, Ms. Epps, Mr. Kurz, Mr. Norris, Mr. Oliver and Mr. Stahl - are considered independent under the rules of the SEC and the NYSE. No director may be deemed independent unless the Board determines that he or she has no material relationship with TPL. Mr. Norris and Mr. Barry are the Co-Chairs of the Board. Given their extensive experience as Trustees of the Trust, Mr. Norris and Mr. Barry are uniquely suited to lead the Board with their deep understanding of the Company s business and institutional knowledge about the Company. Neither Mr. Norris nor Mr. Barry serves on any committee of the Board; instead, they devote their time and efforts to establishing the Board s agendas and materials, working with management, coordinating activities with the committees of the Board, and transferring their knowledge of the Company s business to the other members of the Board. 
 
 The Board meets at least quarterly and the independent directors serving on the Board intend to meet in executive session (i.e., without the presence of any non-independent directors and management) immediately following regularly scheduled Board meetings. During the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022 (the Last Fiscal Year ), the Board met ten (10) times and acted one (1) time by unanimous written consent in lieu of holding a meeting. All of the directors attended at least 75 of the total number of meetings held by the Board and of the committees on which they served during the Last Fiscal Year. Each director is also expected to attend the Company s annual meetings of stockholders. 
 
 36 

Table of Contents 

 The Board has three standing committees, consisting of a Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee, an Audit Committee, and a Compensation Committee. Membership in each committee is shown in the following table. 
 Name Audit Committee Compensation Committee Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee David E. Barry John R. Norris III Rhys J. Best l 
 Donald G. Cook l 
 
 Barbara J. Duganier l 
 
 Donna E. Epps 
 l 
 Tyler Glover Karl F. Kurz l 
 Eric L. Oliver l 
 Murray Stahl l 
 
 Chair l Member 
 
 Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee 
 
 The Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee consists of Donald G. Cook, the chair, Rhys J. Best, Donna E. Epps and Murray Stahl. The committee members have met the independence requirements for service on the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee in accordance with rules of the NYSE. The Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee is responsible for identifying, evaluating and recommending individuals qualified to become members of the Board, and for overseeing corporate governance matters. During the Last Fiscal Year, the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee held seven (7) meetings. 
 
 The Board has adopted the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee Charter which is provided on the Company s corporate website at www.TexasPacific.com. 
 
 Audit Committee and Audit Committee Financial Expert 
 
 The Audit Committee consists of Donna E. Epps, the chair, Barbara J. Duganier and Eric L. Oliver. The Board has determined that both Ms. Epps and Ms. Duganier are audit committee financial experts, as defined by the rules of the SEC. The biographies of Ms. Epps and Ms. Duganier have been provided above. Additionally, the members of the Audit Committee meet the independence requirements for service on the Audit Committee in accordance with the rules of the NYSE and Section 10A(m)(3) of the Exchange Act. 
 
 The Audit Committee is responsible for, among other things, ensuring that the Company has adequate internal controls and is required to meet with the Company s auditors to review these internal controls and to discuss other financial reporting matters. The Audit Committee is also responsible for the appointment, pre-approval of work, compensation, and oversight of the auditors. During the Last Fiscal Year, the Audit Committee of the Company held five (5) meetings. 
 
 The Board has adopted an Audit Committee Charter which is provided on the Company s corporate website at www.TexasPacific.com. 
 
 Compensation Committee 
 
 The Compensation Committee consists of Barbara J. Duganier, the chair, Donald G. Cook, and Karl F. Kurz. The Board has determined that each member of the Compensation Committee is independent, as defined by the rules of the NYSE and that they qualify as non-employee directors for purposes of Rule 16b-3 under the Exchange Act. The primary function of the Compensation Committee is to review, approve and recommend corporate goals and objectives relevant to compensation of TPL s Named Executive Officers (as defined below), reviewing and approving TPL s compensation plans and reviewing and making recommendations regarding compensation for non-employee directors. During the Last Fiscal Year, the Compensation Committee held eight (8) meetings. 
 
 The Board has adopted a Compensation Committee Charter which is provided on the Company s corporate website at www.TexasPacific.com. 
 37 

Table of Contents 

Ad Hoc Committees 
 
 From time to time, the Board constitutes ad hoc committees, the membership, duties and compensation, if any, of which are determined by the Board. 

Item 11. Executive Compensation. 
 
 Compensation Discussion and Analysis 
 
 This Compensation Discussion and Analysis CD A provides information on the compensation arrangements for each of TPL s Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer and up to three other most highly compensated individuals who were serving as an executive officer at the end of the Last Fiscal Year, and up to two other individuals who would have been included as other most highly compensated individuals but were not serving as executive officers at the end of the Last Fiscal Year, for services rendered in all capacities during the Last Fiscal Year (the Named Executive Officers ). The compensation disclosures below reflect Fiscal Year 2022. 
 
 For Fiscal Year 2022, the following officers represented our Named Executive Officers: 
 
 Tyler Glover, our President and Chief Executive Officer 
 
 Chris Steddum, our current Chief Financial Officer 
 
 Micheal W. Dobbs, our Senior Vice President, Secretary, and General Counsel 
 
 Executive Summary 
 
 TPL was originally organized in 1888 as a business trust to hold title to extensive tracts of land in numerous counties in West Texas which were previously the property of the Texas and Pacific Railway Company. On January 11, 2021, we completed our Corporate Reorganization from a business trust to a corporation changing our name from Texas Pacific Land Trust to Texas Pacific Land Corporation. 
 
 Our business activity is generated from our surface and royalty interest ownership in West Texas, primarily in the Permian Basin. Our revenues are derived from oil, gas and produced water royalties, sales of water and land, easements and commercial leases. Due to the nature of our operations and concentration of our ownership in one geographic location, our revenue and net income are subject to substantial fluctuations from quarter to quarter and year to year. In addition to fluctuations in response to changes in the market price for oil and gas, our financial results are also subject to decisions by the owners and operators of not only the oil and gas wells to which our oil and gas royalty interests relate, but also to other owners and operators in the Permian Basin as it relates to our other revenue streams, principally water sales, easements and other surface-related revenue. 
 
 Business and Financial Performance 2022 Highlights 
 
 Net income of 446.4 million, or 57.80 per share (basic) and 57.77 (diluted) 
 
 Revenues of 667.4 million 
 
 Adjusted EBITDA (1) of 591.8 million 
 
 Royalty production of 21.3 thousand barrels of oil equivalent per day 
 
 Total cash dividends of 32.00 per share paid during 2022 (comprised of a 20.00 per share special dividend and 12.00 per share in regular dividends) 
 
 Published annual update of ESG disclosure, including metrics for 2021 
 
 (1) Reconciliations of Non-GAAP measures are provided in Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Non-GAAP Performance Measures. 
 
 38 

Table of Contents 

 Key Aspects of 2022 Design 
 
 In 2022, the Compensation Committee used a newly designed compensation program to better align with typical C-corporation practices, which include: 
 
 A more structured annual incentive program including pre-established metrics and goals; 
 
 Equity compensation with three year vesting periods, including both performance-based and time-based vesting elements; and 
 
 Common corporate governance features such as stock ownership guidelines. 
 
 The Compensation Committee consulted with Meridian Compensation Partners, LLC Meridian ), its independent compensation consultant, to review typical practices within the Reference Group (as defined below) to consider potential changes to TPL s compensation program. The redesign was intended to meet the following objectives: 
 
 Align executives financial interests more closely with stockholders; 
 
 Tie executive compensation more with long-term performance (both stock price and financial performance) incorporating greater risk into the awards, while relying less on discretionary compensation; 
 
 Incorporate long-term vesting periods to help ensure continuity of the management team; 
 
 Enhance the structure of the program to create more transparency for participants and stockholders about how outcomes are determined and increase the risk profile of the program; 
 
 Meet common governance standards for public companies, and assess and control the program to avoid creating undue risk or encouraging excessive risk-tasking by executives; and 
 
 Ensure a competitive compensation program. 
 
 As part of the redesign and in connection with the new availability of equity compensation pursuant to the 2021 Incentive Plan, the Compensation Committee reduced the annual cash incentive targets for each of our officers and incorporated long-term equity-based incentive compensation to more closely align with practices within the Reference Group. We believe that our program, including awards under the 2021 Incentive Plan, has an appropriate balance of risk and reward in relation to our overall business strategy and that the balance of compensation elements discourages excessive risk-taking. 
 
 We have maintained this general structure for 2023. 
 
 Decision-Making Process 
 
 Compensation Philosophy and Approach 
 
 TPL s 2022 executive compensation program was designed to recruit and retain an executive team and to reward performance in achieving TPL s goals of protecting and maintaining the assets of TPL. The 2022 executive compensation program consisted principally of a salary, an annual cash bonus (sometimes referred to as awards under a non-equity incentive plan commencing in 2022), and share-based compensation. Base salaries provide our Named Executive Officers with a steady income stream that is not contingent on TPL s performance. Differences in salary for the Named Executive Officers may reflect the differing responsibilities of their respective positions, the differing levels of experience of the individuals and internal pay-equity considerations. The cash bonus allows the Compensation Committee flexibility to recognize and reward the Named Executive Officers contributions to TPL s performance in any given year. Salaries are reviewed annually, and salary adjustments and the amounts of cash bonuses are determined by the Compensation Committee and the Board, as applicable, based upon an evaluation of the Named Executive Officer s performance and contributions, as well as overall performance of the Company, against the goals and objectives of TPL in accordance with the relevant employment agreements in effect, as applicable. Share-based compensation awards link pay to performance and aligns executive officers interests with those of the Company and its stockholders over the long term. See Employment Agreements below. In accordance with the employment agreements, final bonus amounts for a completed year are expected to be finalized during the first quarter of the following year. 
 
 39 

Table of Contents 

 As part of its compensation program, TPL maintains both a qualified defined benefit pension plan and a qualified defined contribution plan which are both available to employees generally, as well as to the Named Executive Officers. These plans are designed to assist employees in planning for their retirement. 
 
 Consideration of 2022 Say on Pay Vote 
 
 At our November 2022 stockholder meeting, the majority of our stockholders voted to approve our executive compensation program, with approximately 71 approval among votes cast. The Compensation Committee viewed this as support of its approach and philosophy and as a basis for continuing with the program described in this CD A for 2022. 
 
 Role of the Committee 
 
 The Compensation Committee has the sole authority to determine the compensation of the Named Executive Officers other than the Chief Executive Officer and to make recommendations to the Board, which has the authority to make final decisions, with respect to the compensation of the Chief Executive Officer. The Compensation Committee is also responsible for developing and overseeing an equity compensation program for the Company generally for other employees, and for making recommendations to the Board with respect to compensation for non-employee directors, with assistance from the Compensation Committee s independent compensation consultant. 
 
 In establishing the Named Executive Officers compensation for 2022, the Compensation Committee Chair and the full Compensation Committee met multiple times, including with management and/or the Compensation Committee s independent compensation consultant, to review market practices, evaluate potential alternatives, and determine appropriate metrics and goals. 
 
 Role of Management 
 
 Our CEO, Mr. Glover, provided recommendations for compensation for his direct reports. Additionally, the management team provided the Compensation Committee with financial performance information to assist with the assessment of company and individual performance in determining the bonuses for 2022. The Compensation Committee considered this information in its decision-making process. No member of management participated in discussions relating to his or her own compensation. 
 
 Role of the Independent Consultant 
 
 In May 2021, after a competitive bid process pursuant to which several compensation consultants were considered, the Compensation Committee selected Meridian as its new independent compensation consultant to assist the Compensation Committee in fulfilling its responsibilities related to the oversight of TPL Corporation s executive officer and non-employee director compensation. The Compensation Committee determined that Meridian was independent from management based upon the consideration of various relevant factors, including that Meridian did not provide any services to TPL except advisory services to the Compensation Committee, and that Meridian had and adhered to policies and procedures that were designed to prevent conflicts of interests. 
 
 The independent compensation consultant advises the Compensation Committee in the development of pay strategies regarding our executive officers, including our CEO, and non-employee directors. The Compensation Committee reviews and discusses matters involving executive officer and non-employee director compensation. Following this review, the Compensation Committee makes a determination and/or recommendation to the Board, as applicable under the Compensation Committee s charter, regarding, among other things (a) the compensation of the CEO and the compensation of executive officers other than the CEO, in each case including salary, bonus, benefits, incentive awards and perquisites, and (b) compensation for TPL s non-employee directors. 
 
 Benchmarking Process 
 
 Determining the 2022 Compensation Program 
 
 As described below, the Compensation Committee asked Meridian to review market data as part of the process of establishing 2022 compensation for our Named Executive Officers, which included transitioning to a more equity-based compensation program. As part of this process, the Compensation Committee noted that TPL is a unique organization in a number of ways: 
 
 40 

Table of Contents 

 It is the largest publicly-traded mineral royalty focused organization, with a market capitalization more than double the next largest publicly-traded mineral royalty focused organization; 
 
 Unlike most mineral royalty focused organizations, TPL also owns and manages a large amount of surface rights; 
 
 These surface rights allow the creation of additional business lines, such as our Surface Leases, Easements and Material (referred to as SLEM and water businesses; 
 
 TPL s legacy assets carry zero basis on the balance sheet; and 
 
 TPL s financial profile is unusual with no debt, limited book assets, and high margins. TPL also returns a significant portion of its cash flow to stockholders through dividends and share repurchases. 
 
 As a result of these unique characteristics, TPL does not have any close peers. Instead of reviewing peer group market data, the Compensation Committee asked Meridian to review compensation for a group of comparable reference companies (the Reference Group ). The Reference Group (listed below) represents companies which operate in ancillary businesses such as royalty companies, midstream companies, E P companies, and real estate investment trusts that have business lines similar to TPL and are similar in market capitalization, enterprise value, and/or Adjusted EBITDA. 
 
 Royalty Companies E P Companies PrairieSky Royalty Ltd. Marathon Oil Corporation Black Stone Minerals, L.P. PDC Energy, Inc. Brigham Minerals, Inc. Matador Resources Company SM Energy Company Midstream Companies Callon Petroleum Company Western Midstream Partners, LP DCP Midstream, LP Real Estate Investment Trusts EnLink Midstream, LLC Outfront Media Inc. NuStar Energy L.P. Rayonier Inc. Crestwood Equity Partners LP Innovative Industrial Properties, Inc. Lexington Realty Trust 
 
 Market data from this Reference Group, plus additional broad survey data from general industry and the E P industry, was used by the Compensation Committee as a reference to help determine the 2022 compensation program design and individual pay levels as well as in determining the 2022 compensation, which is described below. During 2022, in preparation for decisions regarding 2023 compensation, the Compensation Committee updated the components of the Reference Group to focus on the unique dynamics of the oil gas industry by removing the Real Estate Investment Trust companies and adding additional Royalty, Midstream, and E P Companies, including Sitio Royalties Corp (Royalty), Kimbell Royalty Partners (Royalty), Magellan Midstream Partners (Midstream), Equitrans Midstream Corporation (Midstream), Southwestern Energy (E P), and Range Resources (E P). 
 
 2022 Compensation Program 
 
 TPL s 2022 executive compensation program was designed to reward performance in achieving TPL s goals of protecting and maintaining the assets of TPL as detailed below. 
 
 Base Salaries 
 
 Our Named Executive Officers receive a base salary to provide a competitive level of fixed compensation based on each individual s role, experience, qualifications, and individual performance. The base salaries as of the end of 2022 for our Named Executive Officers were as follows: 
 41 

Table of Contents 

 Named Executive Officer Base Salary as of December 31, 2022 
 Tyler Glover 850,000 Chris Steddum 475,000 Micheal W. Dobbs 400,000 
 
 The base salaries for Mr. Glover, Mr. Steddum, and Mr. Dobbs were unchanged from 2021. 
 
 2022 Annual Incentive Targets 
 
 As part of the compensation program redesign for 2022, the Compensation Committee reduced the annual cash incentive targets for each of our officers and established goals and metrics for the annual incentive cash bonus. Each of the executive officers had a target bonus expressed as a percentage of salary established based on references to market data as described above. The target bonuses as a percentage of salary for each of our Named Executive Officers for 2022 were as follows: 
 Named Executive Officer 2022 Target Bonus as a of Salary 
 Tyler Glover 110 Chris Steddum 90 Micheal W. Dobbs 75 
 
 These were substantially reduced from their target bonus opportunity in 2021. 
 
 The Committee also established a more structured annual incentive program, with goals tied to key metrics for the company. For 2022, the metrics included two financial metrics (Adjusted EBITDA Margin and Free Cash Flow/share (FCF/share)) as well as several strategic objectives, as outlined below. 
 
 2022 Annual (Short-Term) Incentive Program Summary 
 
 Metric Weight Rationale Adjusted EBITDA Margin 37.5 TPL has one of the highest Adjusted EBITDA margins of any company in the oil and gas industry and maintaining high margins is a high priority for the management team. FCF per share 37.5 Generating FCF is a high priority for TPL, which enables greater returns to stockholders in the form of dividends and share repurchases. Strategic Objectives 25 These objectives were established based on key strategic priorities to ensure long-term success, such as safety, ESG progress, increasing use of TPL s land, SLEM, and water services, and leveraging TPL s land to explore other non-oil and gas revenue streams. 
 
 Goals for each of the 2022 metrics were established at the beginning of 2022, based on expectations for the year. The Threshold, Target, and Maximum level of performance for each financial metric are outlined below. At Threshold, Target, and Maximum performance levels, 50 , 100 , and 200 of the target bonus would be earned, respectively, for each metric. 
 
 Metric Weighting Threshold Target Maximum Actual Results Adjusted for Commodity Price Cap Adjusted EBITDA Margin 37.5 84.0 86.0 87.5 88.1 FCF per share 37.5 38.00 45.00 51.00 55.37 
 
 TPL s performance against the pre-established financial goals can be heavily influenced by the impact of changes in commodity prices. To mitigate this impact, the Committee implemented a commodity adjustment calculation, which uses a collar on commodity prices. Within the collar range, no adjustment is made for commodity prices. If commodity prices fall below or rise above the collar range, a floor or cap on prices is applied. This provides our management team with some 
 42 

Table of Contents 

 exposure to commodity price, in line with our stockholders, but limits the exposure with significant changes in commodity prices. In 2022, the collar for commodity prices ranged from 42.37 per Boe to 56.95 per Boe. Actual realizations were 60.81 per Boe, so financial performance for purposes of calculating annual incentive results was capped assuming a 56.95 per Boe price for determining adjusted EBITDA margin and FCF per share. 
 
 Based on final financial results, TPL exceeded the Maximum level on both of the financial metrics, earning 200 of target on each of these metrics. 
 
 The Compensation Committee also established strategic objectives for the year which were intended to encourage our management team to take action to improve TPL s long-term opportunities for success, but which didn t directly impact financial results in 2022. These objectives are outlined below. 
 
 Strategic Objectives Results 10 reduction in dyed diesel fuel usage vs. 2021 39 reduction in dyed diesel fuel usage vs. 2021 Improve safety culture through increased safety observations, company-wide safety trainings, and implementing electronic incident management systems Zero spills or recordable incidents. completed company-wide safety training, and implemented electronic incident management system Maintain market share capture for SLEM and water services Maintained TPL s market share for SLEM and water services Secure agreements or contracts pertaining to future non-oil gas revenues Signed agreements for bitcoin mining, carbon capture, and battery and solar developments, with limited capital outlay 
 
 Based on these results, the Committee scored the Strategic Objectives at 100 of target. 
 
 This resulted in bonuses earned at 175 of target for each of the Named Executive Officers, as outlined below: 
 
 Named Executive Officer Actual Bonus for 2022 
 Tyler Glover 1,636,250 Chris Steddum 748,125 Micheal W. Dobbs 525,000 
 
 2022 Long-Term Incentive Program 
 
 As part of the program redesign of 2022, the Compensation Committee implemented a long-term incentive plan for key employees at TPL, including Named Executive Officers. The goals of the long-term incentive plan include: 
 
 Align executives financial interests with stockholders. 
 
 Tie executive compensation with long-term performance. 
 
 Create a retention incentive through a substantial forfeitable balance with long-term vesting. 
 
 Provide a competitive compensation program aligned with typical company practices. 
 
 To meet the objectives of the program, the Committee established a long-term incentive program for the Named Executive Officers that uses a combination of Performance Share Units (PSUs) and Restricted Stock Units (RSUs). Each of the primary vehicles are summarized in the table below and described in more detail later in this section. 
 
 43 

Table of Contents 

 Vehicle Weight Rationale PSUs Tied to Relative Total Stockholder Return RTSR against the XOP Index 25 Earned if TPL performs well against a broad group of energy companies included in the XOP index. The maximum amount can only be earned if TPL is in the top 10 of this index. PSUs Tied to 3-year Cumulative FCF per Share 25 Earned if TPL meets pre-established goals for generating FCF over the three-year performance period. Generating FCF enables greater returns to stockholders in the form of dividends and share repurchases. Time-Based Restricted Stock Units (RSUs) 50 Increases alignment between executives interests and stockholders through share ownership of our executive team. Encourages continuity of the management team due to long-term (three-year) vesting provisions. 
 
 Performance Share Units (PSUs) 
 
 PSUs comprise 50 of our Named Executive Officers long-term incentive compensation. The PSUs create alignment between our executive officers and our long-term performance as measured by RTSR against a broad energy industry index (50 of PSUs) and the generation of Free Cash Flow per share over a 3 year period (50 of PSUs). These awards vest, if at all, at the end of a three year performance period. 
 
 The RTSR PSUs are intended to measure the performance of TPL s stock against a broad set of energy industry companies included in the XOP index. Measuring RTSR against this group helps mitigate the impact of commodity price swings on the measurement of our performance. While TPL does not have any direct peers, the broad XOP index comprises many of our customers and other companies that are similarly-impacted by commodity prices. 
 
 The RTSR PSUs can be earned between 0 and 200 of the targeted number of shares based on our RTSR percentile ranking against the constituents of the XOP index as follows: 
 
 Percentile Rank Shares Earned as a of Target (1) 
 90 th or above 
 200 70 th 
 150 50 th 
 100 25 th 
 25 
 RTSR is measured using an average closing price at the beginning and end of the performance period. In the case of the 2022 awards, the average closing price of January 2025 will be compared against the average closing price during January 2022 with the addition of reinvested dividends from February 1, 2022 to January 31, 2025. 
 
 The FCF PSUs measure our cumulative FCF/share against our initial targets over a three-year period. If the Company is able to outperform and generate greater FCF, it will enable an increase in returns to stockholders through dividends and share repurchases. By measuring FCF on a per share basis, it requires our management team to ensure any dilution to our stockholders results in sufficiently greater FCF on an absolute basis. 
 
 The FCF PSUs can be earned between 0 and 200 of the targeted number of shares based on cumulative FCF per share as follows: 
 
 Performance Level Cumulative 3 Year FCF/Share Shares Earned as a of Target (1) 
 Maximum 150/Share 200 Target 127.50/Share 100 Threshold 105/Share 25 Below Threshold 
 44 

Table of Contents 

 Restricted Stock Units (RSUs) 
 
 RSUs comprise the other 50 of our Named Executive Officers long-term incentive compensation. Regular grants of RSUs are intended to help build an ownership stake in TPL, thereby aligning the executives with TPL stockholders. The RSUs serve as a retention tool by creating a substantial forfeitable stake in the Company. The RSUs vest based on continued service to TPL at a rate of 33 /year, beginning with the first anniversary of the grant date. 
 
 2022 Long-Term Incentive Grants 
 
 At the beginning of 2022, the Committee established target long-term incentive grant levels for each of its Named Executive Officers based on a review of market data from the reference group and consideration of other factors such as experience and expertise, individual and company performance, and potential competitive opportunities for each of our Named Executive Officers. The target long-term incentive grant levels were established as a percentage of salary and converted into a number of shares based on the stock price on the grant date of 1,105.45 per share (the closing price of our Common Stock on the date the awards were granted). The February 2022 awards are summarized in the table below: 
 Name and Position Base Salary Target LTI as of Base Salary Target LTI Dollar Amount (1) 
 Number of PSUs (at Target) Number of RSUs Tyler Glover 850,000 325 2,762,500 1,250 1,250 Chris Steddum 475,000 240 1,140,000 516 516 Micheal W. Dobbs 400,000 175 700,000 318 317 
 
 (1) The Target LTI Dollar Amount does not match the accounting values in the Summary Compensation Table as the accounting value of the RTSR PSUs reflects a Monte Carlo valuation. 
 
 Other Compensation 
 
 TPL s Named Executive Officers are eligible to participate in the same benefit programs as are available to all TPL employees generally. These include both a qualified defined benefit pension plan and a qualified defined contribution plan. These plans are designed to assist employees in planning for their retirement. There are no supplemental non-qualified programs solely for the benefit of our executives. 
 
 TPL also provides certain executive officers with minimal perquisites, including an automobile allowance. 
 
 Other Governance Features 
 
 Stock Ownership Guidelines 
 
 The Company believes that it is in the best interests of our stockholders for our Named Executive Officers and other executive officers to maintain a significant ownership position in TPL to create substantial alignment between our senior management and our stockholders. Therefore, we have established stock ownership guidelines applicable to all of our executive officers. The ownership guidelines require each of our executive officers to hold shares of Common Stock with an aggregate value of at least a specified multiple of base salary as follows: 
 
 CEO 5x base salary 
 
 Other Named Executive Officers 2x base salary 
 
 Other Executive Officers 1x base salary 
 
 Shares counting towards the guideline include TPL shares held outright and unvested time-based restricted shares. Performance shares do not count until earned. Until each officer has achieved the desired ownership level, he or she is required to retain at least 50 of the after-tax shares received upon vesting of equity awards. 
 
 Employment Agreements 
 
 The Company has entered into employment agreements with each Named Executive Officer following approval from the Compensation Committee. These employment agreements provide for minimum levels of compensation and provide severance protections for the officer upon a termination of employment without Cause or for Good Reason (as defined in the 
 45 

Table of Contents 

 agreements). These agreements help match competitive practices and also include certain restrictive covenants which help protect the Company. The provisions of these agreements are summarized under the Employment Agreements below. 
 
 Accounting and Tax Considerations 
 
 In setting the components of our executive compensation program, the Committee considers the impact of the following tax and accounting provisions: 
 
 Code Section 162(m). Section 162(m) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the Code generally disallows a tax deduction by public companies for compensation over 1 million paid individually to covered employees, as defined in the Code. Tax deductibility is only one factor considered by the Committee in making compensation decisions that are in the best interest of TPL and our stockholders. 
 
 Financial Accounting Standards Board FASB Accounting Standards Codification ASC Topic 718, Stock Compensation ASC Topic 718 ). ASC Topic 718 requires a public company to measure the cost of employee services received in exchange for an award of equity based on the grant date fair value of the award. Our equity awards to the Named Executives Officers (and to our other employees) are structured to maintain the appropriate accounting treatment. 
 
 Code Section 409A. Section 409A of the Code provides that deferrals of compensation under a nonqualified deferred compensation plan or arrangement are to be included in an individual s current gross income to the extent that such deferrals are not subject to a substantial risk of forfeiture and have not previously been included in the individual s gross income, unless certain requirements are met. We structure our stock plans, change of control agreements, severance plans and agreements and other incentive plans and agreements, each to the extent they are subject to Section 409A, to be in compliance with Section 409A. 
 
 Code Sections 280G and 4999. The change of control benefits in our Named Executive Officers employment agreements provide that, upon a change of control, we will either (i) reduce the amount of severance benefits otherwise payable to the executive officer so that such severance benefits will not be subject to excise tax for purposes of Code Sections 280G and 4999 or (ii) pay the full amount of severance benefits to the executive officer (but with no tax gross-up ), whichever produces the better after-tax result for the executive officer (often referred to as the best-of-net approach). 
 
 Risk Assessment 
 
 The Compensation Committee has reviewed the relationship between our risk management policies and compensation policies and practices and concluded that we do not have any compensation policies or practices that expose us to risks that are reasonably likely to have a material adverse effect on TPL. 
 
 Other Compensation-Related Policies 
 
 We have an Insider Trading Policy that sets forth terms, conditions, timing, limitations, and prohibitions with respect to trading in the Company s securities. The Insider Trading Policy also generally prohibits executive officers, among others, from hedging, including engaging in publicly-traded options, puts, calls, or other derivative instruments relating to the Company s securities, or selling the Company s securities short. The Insider Trading Policy also requires that such persons obtain pre-approval from the Company s General Counsel for all pledges, and the deposit in margin accounts, of the Company s securities. The Insider Trading Policy is discussed further under Insider Trading Policy; Anti-Hedging Policy below. 
 
 We have a Clawback Policy that requires covered executives to reimburse the Company, or forfeit, any excess incentive compensation received by them during the three completed fiscal years immediately preceding the date on which the Company is required to prepare an accounting restatement of its financial statements due to the Company s material noncompliance with any such financial reporting requirement. The Clawback Policy is discussed further under Matters Relating to Our Governance above. 
 
 Summary Compensation Table 
 
 The following table sets forth information concerning compensation for services in all capacities awarded to, earned by, or paid to, the Named Executive Officers: 
 46 

Table of Contents 

 Name and Position Year Salary Bonus (1) 
 Stock Awards (2) 
 Non-Equity Incentive Plan (3) 
 Change in 
 Actuarial Present 
 Value of 
 Accumulated 
 Benefits (4) 
 All Other 
 Compensation (5)(6) 
 Total Tyler Glover 2022 850,000 3,766,469 1,636,250 32,700 6,285,419 President and Chief Executive Officer 2021 850,000 2,550,000 1,500,848 37,183 31,800 4,969,831 2020 850,000 2,040,000 85,166 31,500 3,006,666 Chris Steddum 2022 475,000 1,554,798 748,125 18,300 2,796,223 Chief Financial Officer (7) 
 2021 464,769 1,068,750 900,008 32,017 17,400 2,482,944 2020 450,000 573,750 17,223 10,318 1,051,291 Micheal W. Dobbs 2022 400,000 957,084 525,000 24,285 18,000 1,924,369 Senior Vice President, 
 Secretary and 
 General Counsel (8) 
 2021 400,000 600,000 500,700 12,000 1,512,700 2020 166,667 266,666 433,333 
 
 (1) Represents the bonus amount approved by the Compensation Committee, with respect to all Named Executive Officers for 2021 and 2020, and the Trustees with respect to Mr. Dobbs for 2020. Bonuses for 2021 and 2020 were accrued as of the respective year end and were paid and/or expected to be paid on or before March 15 of the applicable year. Mr. Steddum s 2021 bonus amount includes a 50,000 promotion bonus that was paid during 2021. Mr. Dobbs 2020 bonus amount includes a 100,000 sign-on bonus that was paid during 2020. 
 
 (2) Amounts reflect rounding up to full shares upon conversion of approved dollar-denominated awards. 
 
 (3) Amounts consist of cash bonuses approved by the Compensation Committee, with respect to all Named Executive Officers for 2022, discussed above under 2022 Annual (Short-Term) Incentive Program Summary. Bonuses for 2022 were accrued as of December 31, 2022 and expected to be paid on or before March 15, 2023. 
 
 (4) Represents the aggregate change in the actuarial present value of the Named Executive Officer s accumulated benefit under TPL s pension plan over the prior year. For further information regarding TPL s pension plan, see Note 6, Pension and Other Postretirement Benefits in our consolidated financial statements included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K in Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data. The reported amounts for 2022 reflect the aggregate change in the actuarial present value for accumulated benefits from December 31, 2021 to December 31, 2022. For this period, the actuarial present value of accumulated benefits decreased by 122,716 for Mr. Glover and decreased by 7,421 for Mr. Steddum, and as amounts are negative, are reported as zero in the table. 
 
 (5) The amount presented includes contributions by TPL to the account of the Named Executive Officer under the Company s defined contribution retirement plan. 
 
 (6) The aggregate value of the perquisites and other personal benefits, if any, received by the Named Executive Officers for all years presented have not been reflected in the table because the amount was below the SEC s 10,000 threshold for disclosure except for Mr. Glover, whose perquisites consisted of 14,400 in automobile allowance for 2022, 2021, and 2020. 
 
 (7) Mr. Steddum became Chief Financial Officer effective June 1, 2021. Mr. Steddum became eligible for TPL s defined benefit plan during 2020 but had not earned a benefit as of December 31, 2020. 
 
 (8) Mr. Dobbs joined TPL as Senior Vice President and General Counsel effective August 3, 2020. Mr. Dobbs became eligible for TPL s defined benefit plan on January 1, 2022. 
 
 Grants of Plan Based Awards 
 
 The following table sets forth certain information concerning equity awards granted to our Named Executive Officers during the Last Fiscal Year: 
 47 

Table of Contents 

 Estimated Future Payouts Under Non-Equity Incentive Plan Awards Estimated Future Payouts Under Equity Incentive Plan Awards All Other Stock Awards: Number of Shares of Stock or Units (#) (2) 
 Grant Date Fair Value of Stock and Option Awards ) (3) 
 Name Award Type Grant Date Threshold ) Target ) Maximum ) Threshold 
 (in units) (1) 
 Target 
 (in units) (1) 
 Maximum 
 (in units) (1) 
 Tyler Glover Bonus 467,500 935,000 1,870,000 RTSR PSU February 11, 2022 156 625 1,250 1,002,844 FCF PSU February 11, 2022 156 625 1,250 690,906 RSU February 11, 2022 1,250 1,381,813 Chris Steddum Bonus 213,750 427,500 855,000 RTSR PSU February 11, 2022 65 258 516 413,974 FCF PSU February 11, 2022 65 258 516 285,206 RSU February 11, 2022 516 570,412 Micheal W. Dobbs Bonus 150,000 300,000 600,000 RTSR PSU February 11, 2022 40 159 318 255,123 FCF PSU February 11, 2022 40 159 318 175,767 RSU February 11, 2022 317 350,428 
 (1) These PSUs will vest three years after grant if certain performance metrics are met. For further discussion of performance metrics, see Note 7 Share-Based Compensation in our consolidated financial statements included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K in Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data. 
 
 (2) These RSUs will vest in one-third increments over a three-year period. For further discussion, see Note 7 Share-Based Compensation in our consolidated financial statements included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K in Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data. 
 
 (3) For RSUs and FCF PSUs, grant date fair value is based upon the closing stock price on the grant date. For RTSR PSUs, grant date fair value is determined using a Monte Carlo simulation model. Grant date fair value reflected in the table is based upon target units for both FCF PSUs and RTSR PSUs. 
 
 The following table sets forth certain information concerning outstanding equity awards of our Named Executive Officers at the end of the Last Fiscal Year. All outstanding stock awards reported in this table represent restricted stock awards, restricted stock units and performance stock units that vest as described in the footnotes to the table. At the end of the Last Fiscal Year, no options or stock appreciation rights awards have been granted under TPL s long term incentive plan. 
 
 48 

Table of Contents 

 Outstanding Equity Awards at December 31, 2022 
 Stock Awards Name Award Type Number of Shares or Units of Stock that have Not Vested (#) (1) 
 Market Value of Shares or Units of Stock that have Not Vested ) (2) 
 Equity Incentive Plan Awards: Number of Unearned Shares, Units or Other Rights that have Not Vested (#) 
 Equity Incentive Plan Awards: Market or Payout Value of Unearned Shares, Units or Other Rights that have Not Vested ) (4) 
 Tyler Glover RSA 480 1,125,230 RSU 1,250 2,930,288 RTSR PSU 625 (3) 
 2,628,513 FCF PSU 1,250 (4) 
 2,930,288 Chris Steddum RSA 288 675,138 RSU 516 1,209,623 RTSR PSU 258 (3) 
 1,085,050 FCF PSU 516 (4) 
 1,209,623 Micheal W. Dobbs RSA 160 375,077 RSU 317 743,121 RTSR PSU 159 (3) 
 668,694 FCF PSU 318 (4) 
 745,465 
 
 (1) Vesting of RSAs and RSUs will occur as follows: RSU RSA RSU RSU February 11, 2023 December 29, 2023 February 11, 2024 February 11, 2025 Tyler Glover 416 480 416 418 Chris Steddum 172 288 172 172 Micheal W. Dobbs 105 160 105 107 
 
 (2) The market value for RSAs and RSUs is calculated based upon the closing price of our Common Stock of 2,344.23 per share as of December 31, 2022. 
 
 (3) The RTSR PSUs will vest three years after grant if certain performance metrics are met. Numbers presented represent number of target units. For further discussion of performance metrics, see 2022 Compensation Program above. Fair value determined using a Monte Carlo simulation model, was updated as of December 31, 2022, and is 4,205.62 per share. 
 
 (4) The FCF PSUs will vest three years after grant if certain performance metrics are met. Numbers presented represent maximum number of units based upon probability analysis that as of December 31, 2022 the maximum levels will be achieved at the end of the three year measurement period. Fair value at December 31, 2022 is based on the closing stock price of 2,344.23 per share as of December 31, 2022. 
 
 The following table presents information concerning the vesting of stock, consisting of shares of restricted stock, for our Named Executive Officers during the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022. 
 
 Stock Awards Vested During Year Ended December 31, 2022 
 Name Award Type Number of Shares Acquired on Vesting Value Realized on Vesting Tyler Glover RSA 719 1,676,248 Chris Steddum RSA 431 1,004,816 Micheal W. Dobbs RSA 240 559,526 

49 

Table of Contents 

 Pension Benefits 
 Name Plan Name Number of Years Credited Service Present Value of Accumulated Benefit Payments During Last Fiscal Year Tyler Glover Restated Texas Pacific Land Corporation Employees' Pension Plan 10.0 129,978 Chris Steddum Restated Texas Pacific Land Corporation Employees' Pension Plan 2.5 41,819 Micheal W. Dobbs Restated Texas Pacific Land Corporation Employees' Pension Plan 1.0 24,285 
 
 The Restated Texas Pacific Land Corporation Employees Pension Plan is a noncontributory defined benefit pension plan qualified under Section 401 of the Code in which the employees participate. The remuneration covered by the Plan is Salary. The Plan provides a normal retirement benefit equal to 1.5 of a participant s average Salary for the last five years prior to retirement for each year of Credited Service under the Plan. Credited Service is earned from the participant s date of membership in the Plan, which is generally not the participant s date of hire by the Company. For information concerning the valuation method and material assumptions used in quantifying the present value of the Named Executive Officers current accrued benefits, see Note 6, Pension and Other Postretirement Benefits of the Notes to Financial Statements incorporated by reference in Item 8 of this Report. 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, the annual accrued normal retirement benefits are estimated to be 43,050 for Mr. Glover, 11,000 for Mr. Steddum, and 4,463 for Mr. Dobbs. 
 
 The Plan provides for early retirement after 20 years of service with the Company. Early retirement benefits are calculated in the same manner as the normal retirement benefit, but are reduced by 1/15 for each of the first five years and 1/30 for each of the next five years that benefits commence prior to normal retirement. If benefits commence more than 10 years prior to normal retirement, the early retirement benefit payable at age 55 is reduced actuarially for the period prior to age 55. None of the listed participants are currently eligible for early retirement benefits. 
 
 Pay Ratio Disclosure 
 
 For purposes of calculating the 2022 ratio of the median annual total compensation of all employees to the total annual compensation of the Chief Executive Officer, TPL included base salary, annual bonus amounts, equity compensation, if any, and all other amounts deemed compensation in its calculation of annual total compensation. We used December 31, 2022 as the measurement date. Base salary amounts were annualized for any employee who had less than a full year of service during 2022. Total compensation for Mr. Glover, the Chief Executive Officer, was determined to be 6,285,419 and was approximately 38 times the median annual compensation of all of our employees, excluding the Chief Executive Officer, of 164,123. For purposes of this calculation, the Company had 98 employees, excluding the Chief Executive Officer. 
 
 Employment Agreements 
 
 Mr. Glover 
 
 On August 8, 2019, the Trust entered into an employment agreement (the Employment Agreement with Mr. Glover, its General Agent and Chief Executive Officer (the Glover Agreement ). The Employment Agreement was effective as of July 1, 2019. 
 
 In connection with the Corporate Reorganization, the Company entered into an amended and restated agreement with Mr. Glover, described below. 
 
 Under the Employment Agreement, Mr. Glover received a base salary of 800,000 per annum, subject to annual review, and was eligible for an annual cash bonus of up to 300 of such base salary for achievement of specified performance targets, except that the cash bonus for the calendar year 2019 was at least 100 of the cash bonus paid with respect to 2018, as established by the Nominating, Compensation and Governance Committee of the Trust. Until the Trust or the Company established an equity compensation plan, Mr. Glover was required to use at least 25 of his cash bonus (net of estimated taxes) to purchase Sub-shares or Common Stock. The term of the Glover Agreement ended on December 31, 2020, with automatic one (1) year extensions unless notice not to renew was given at least 120 days prior to the relevant end date. 
 
 The Glover Agreement provided for payment of severance benefits if Mr. Glover s employment was terminated by the Trust without cause or by the officer for good reason, provided that the officer executes a general waiver and release of claims 
 50 

Table of Contents 

 and complies with the restrictive covenants described below. The severance benefits included (i) accrued but unpaid bonuses and vested long-term incentive benefits (ii) a pro rata bonus for the year of termination (if such termination occurs after the first calendar quarter), (iii) up to 18 months of COBRA premiums for continued group health, dental and vision coverage for the officer and his dependents, paid for by the Trust, and (iv) if such termination occurred during the first 15 months of the term, an amount equal to two times the average of his base salary and cash bonus for the preceding two years, which amount would be reduced to one times such average for the preceding year if such termination occurred after the first 15 months of the term. If the officer s employment was terminated by the Trust without cause, by the officer for good reason, or upon failure of the Trust to renew the term of the Agreement, in all such cases, within 24 months following a change in control of the Trust as defined in the Agreements, then, in lieu of the amount specified in clause (iv), the officer was entitled to an amount equal to 2.99 times the greater of (a) the average of his base salary and cash bonus for the two years preceding the change in control and (b) his base salary and target cash bonus for the year of the change in control. If the officer s employment terminated due to death or disability, he would be entitled to the benefits described in clauses (i) and (ii) above. The officer would also be entitled to payment of accrued but unpaid salary, accrued but unused vacation, unsubsidized COBRA benefits, and unreimbursed business expenses following termination of employment for any reason. 
 
 The Glover Agreement provided that Mr. Glover was entitled to participate in all benefit plans provided to the Trust s executives of like status from time to time in accordance with the applicable plan, policy or practices of the Trust, as well as in any long-term incentive program established by the Trust. It also provided for four weeks of annual paid vacation, reimbursement of business expenses, and indemnification rights. 
 
 The Glover Agreement contained restrictive covenants prohibiting the officer from disclosing the Trust s confidential information at any time, from competing with the Trust in specified counties where the Trust does business during his employment, subject to certain exceptions, and for one year thereafter (or six months thereafter if he terminates his employment voluntarily without good reason), and from soliciting the Trust s clients, suppliers and business partners during his employment and for one year thereafter. 
 
 As noted above, effective upon the Corporate Reorganization on January 11, 2021, the Company entered into an amended and restated employment agreement with Mr. Glover to (i) confirm the assumption by the Company of the obligations of the Trust under the Glover Agreement and (ii) to reflect the increase in base salary for Mr. Glover to 850,000 and the change of the end of the term of the Glover Agreement to December 31, 2021. The amended and restated employment agreement is otherwise identical in all material respects to the Glover Agreement. 
 
 On February 8, 2022, the Company and Mr. Glover entered into an Amended and Restated Employment Agreement (the A R Glover Employment Agreement which replaces the previous employment agreement between the Company and Mr. Glover. 
 
 Pursuant to the A R Glover Employment Agreement, Mr. Glover receives a base salary of 850,000 per annum, subject to annual review, and shall also be eligible for an annual bonus Bonus based on achievement of specified performance targets as established by the Compensation Committee of the Board of Directors. For 2021, Mr. Glover is eligible for a target annual Bonus of 300 of his base salary 2021 Bonus which shall be paid in cash, provided that 25 of the after-tax amount of the 2021 Bonus may be paid in Common Stock. For years after 2021, Mr. Glover s target annual Bonus will be at least 100 of his base salary and will be payable in cash. For years after 2021, Mr. Glover will also be eligible to receive annual long-term incentive awards under the 2021 Plan LTI Awards as determined by the Company, the target amount of which, when added to Mr. Glover s target Bonus for the year, will be at least 300 of his base salary for the relevant year. The term of the A R Glover Employment Agreement ends on December 31, 2024, with automatic one (1) year extensions unless notice not to renew is given by either party at least 120 days prior to the relevant end date. 
 
 The A R Glover Employment Agreement provides for payment of severance benefits if Mr. Glover s employment is terminated by the Company without cause or by Mr. Glover for good reason, provided that Mr. Glover executes a general waiver and release of claims and complies with the restrictive covenants described below. The severance benefits include (i) accrued but unpaid Bonuses, (ii) LTI Award benefits to the extent provided for pursuant to the underlying award and plan documents, (iii) a pro rata Bonus for the year of termination (if such termination occurs after the first calendar quarter), (iv) monthly payments for up to 18 months of COBRA premiums for continued group health, dental and vision coverage for Mr. Glover and his dependents, and (v) an amount equal to two times the greater of (A) the average of his base salary and Bonus for the preceding three years, or (B) his base salary and target Bonus for the year of termination. If Mr. Glover s employment is terminated by the Company without cause, by Mr. Glover for good reason, or upon failure of the Company to renew the term of the Agreement, in all such cases, within 24 months following a change in control of the Company as defined in the A R Glover Employment Agreement, then, in lieu of the amount specified in clause (v), Mr. Glover will be entitled to an amount equal to 2.99 times the greater of (a) the average of his base salary and Bonus for the three years preceding the year in which 
 51 

Table of Contents 

 the change in control occurs, and (b) his base salary and target Bonus for the year in which the change in control occurs. If Mr. Glover s employment terminates due to death or disability, he or his estate will be entitled to the benefits described in clauses (i), (ii) and (iii) above. Mr. Glover will also be entitled to payment of accrued but unpaid salary, accrued but unused vacation, unsubsidized COBRA benefits, and unreimbursed business expenses, following termination of employment for any reason. 
 
 The A R Glover Employment Agreement provides that Mr. Glover will be entitled to participate in all benefit plans provided to the Company s executives of like status from time to time in accordance with the applicable plan, policy or practices of the Company, as well as in any long-term incentive program established by the Company. It also provides for four weeks of annual paid vacation, reimbursement of business expenses, and indemnification rights. 
 
 The A R Glover Employment Agreement contains restrictive covenants prohibiting Mr. Glover from disclosing the Company s confidential information at any time, from competing with the Company in specified counties where the Company does business during his employment, subject to certain exceptions, and for one year thereafter (or six months thereafter if he terminates his employment voluntarily without good reason), and from soliciting the Company s clients, suppliers and business partners during his employment and for one year thereafter. 
 
 Mr. Steddum 
 
 On August 8, 2019, Mr. Steddum and the Company entered into an Employment Agreement (the Steddum Agreement ). Pursuant to the Steddum Agreement, Mr. Steddum received a base salary of 450,000 per annum, subject to annual review, and was eligible for an annual cash bonus of up to 150 of such base salary for achievement of specified performance targets as established by the Compensation Committee. Mr. Steddum was also eligible for a relocation allowance of 75,000 to cover his expenses in connection with his move to Dallas. The term of the Steddum Agreement ends on December 31, 2022, with automatic one (1) year extensions unless notice not to renew is given by either party at least 120 days prior to the relevant end date. 
 
 The Steddum Agreement provided for payment of severance benefits if the officer s employment was terminated by the Company without cause or by Mr. Steddum for good reason, provided that Mr. Steddum executed a general waiver and release of claims and complied with the restrictive covenants described below. The severance benefits included (i) accrued but unpaid bonuses and vested long-term incentive benefits (ii) a pro rata bonus for the year of termination (if such termination occurs after the first calendar quarter), (iii) up to 12 months of COBRA premiums for continued group health, dental and vision coverage for the officer and his dependents, paid for by the Company, and (iv) an amount equal to one times the average of his base salary and cash bonus for the preceding two years. If Mr. Steddum s employment was terminated by the Company without cause, by the officer for good reason, or upon failure of the Company to renew the term of the Agreement, in all such cases, within 24 months following a change in control of the Company as defined in the Steddum Agreement, then, in lieu of the amount specified in clause (iv), Mr. Steddum would be entitled to an amount equal to 1.5 times the greater of (a) the average of his base salary and cash bonus for the two years preceding the change in control and (b) his base salary and target cash bonus for the year of the change in control. If Mr. Steddum s employment terminates due to death or disability, he would be entitled to the benefits described in clauses (i) and (ii) above. Mr. Steddum would also be entitled to payment of accrued but unpaid salary, accrued but unused vacation, unsubsidized COBRA benefits, and unreimbursed business expenses following termination of employment for any reason. 
 
 On February 8, 2022, the Company and Mr. Steddum entered into an Amended and Restated Employment Agreement (the A R Steddum Employment Agreement ). The A R Steddum Employment Agreement replaces the previous employment agreement between TPL and Mr. Steddum. 
 
 Pursuant to the A R Steddum Employment Agreement, Mr. Steddum receives a base salary of 475,000 per annum, subject to annual review, and shall also be eligible for an annual bonus Bonus based on achievement of specified performance targets as established by the Compensation Committee of the Board of Directors. For 2021, Mr. Steddum is eligible for a target annual Bonus of 225 of his base salary 2021 Bonus which shall be paid in cash, provided that 25 of the after-tax amount of the 2021 Bonus may be paid in Common Stock. For years after 2021, Mr. Steddum s target annual Bonus will be at least 90 of his base salary and will be payable in cash. For years after 2021, Mr. Steddum will also be eligible to receive annual LTI Awards as determined by the Company, the target amount of which, when added to Mr. Steddum s target Bonus for the year, shall be at least 225 of his base salary for the relevant year. The term of the A R Steddum Employment Agreement ends on December 31, 2024, with automatic one (1) year extensions unless notice not to renew is given by either party at least 120 days prior to the relevant end date. 
 
 The A R Steddum Employment Agreement provides for payment of severance benefits if Mr. Steddum s employment is terminated by the Company without cause or by Mr. Steddum for good reason, provided that Mr. Steddum 
 52 

Table of Contents 

 executes a general waiver and release of claims and complies with the restrictive covenants described below. The severance benefits include (i) accrued but unpaid Bonuses, (ii) LTI Award benefits to the extent provided for pursuant to the underlying award and plan documents, (iii) a pro rata Bonus for the year of termination (if such termination occurs after the first calendar quarter), (iv) monthly payments for up to 18 months of COBRA premiums for continued group health, dental and vision coverage for Mr. Steddum and his dependents, and (v) an amount equal to two times the greater of (A) the average of his annualized base salary and Bonus for the preceding three years, or (B) his base salary and target Bonus for the year of termination. If Mr. Steddum s employment is terminated by the Company without cause, by Mr. Steddum for good reason, or upon failure of the Company to renew the term of the Agreement, in all such cases, within 24 months following a change in control of the Company as defined in the A R Steddum Employment Agreement, then, in lieu of the amount specified in clause (v), Mr. Steddum will be entitled to an amount equal to 2.99 times the greater of (a) the average of his annualized base salary and Bonus for the three years preceding the year in which the change in control occurs, and (b) his base salary and target Bonus for the year in which the change in control occurs. If Mr. Steddum s employment terminates due to death or disability, he or his estate will be entitled to the benefits described in clauses (i), (ii) and (iii) above. Mr. Steddum will also be entitled to payment of accrued but unpaid salary, accrued but unused vacation, unsubsidized COBRA benefits, and unreimbursed business expenses, following termination of employment for any reason. 
 
 The A R Steddum Employment Agreement provides that Mr. Steddum will be entitled to participate in all benefit plans provided to the Company s executives of like status from time to time in accordance with the applicable plan, policy or practices of the Company, as well as in any long-term incentive program established by the Company. It also provides for four weeks of annual paid vacation, reimbursement of business expenses, and indemnification rights. 
 
 The A R Steddum Employment Agreement contains restrictive covenants prohibiting Mr. Steddum from disclosing the Company s confidential information at any time, from competing with the Company in specified counties where the Company does business during his employment, subject to certain exceptions, and for one year thereafter (or six months thereafter if he terminates his employment voluntarily without good reason), and from soliciting the Company s clients, suppliers and business partners during his employment and for one year thereafter. 
 
 Mr. Dobbs 
 
 Effective upon the Corporate Reorganization on January 11, 2021, the Company entered into an employment agreement with Mr. Dobbs, its Senior Vice President, General Counsel and Secretary (the Dobbs Agreement ). 
 
 Under the Dobbs Agreement, Mr. Dobbs will receive a base salary of 400,000 per annum, subject to annual review, and be eligible for an annual cash bonus of up to 100 of such base salary for achievement of specified performance targets as established by the Compensation Committee. Until the Company establishes an equity compensation plan, Mr. Dobbs is required to use at least 25 of his cash bonus (net of estimated taxes) to purchase shares of Common Stock. The term of the Dobbs Agreement ends on December 31, 2021, with automatic one (1) year extensions unless notice not to renew is given by either party at least 120 days prior to the relevant end date. 
 
 The Dobbs Agreement provides for payment of severance benefits if the officer s employment is terminated by the Company without cause or by the officer for good reason, provided that the officer executes a general waiver and release of claims and complies with the restrictive covenants described below. The severance benefits include (i) accrued but unpaid bonuses and vested long-term incentive benefits (ii) a pro rata bonus for the year of termination (if such termination occurs after the first calendar quarter), (iii) up to 18 months of COBRA premiums for continued group health, dental and vision coverage for the officer and his dependents, paid for by the Company, and (iv) if such termination occurs during the first 15 months of the term, an amount equal to two times the average of his base salary and cash bonus for the preceding two years, which amount will be reduced to one times such average for the preceding year if such termination occurs after the first 15 months of the term. If Mr. Dobbs employment is terminated by the Company without cause, by the officer for good reason, or upon failure of the Company to renew the term of the Agreement, in all such cases, within 24 months following a change in control of the Company as defined in the Dobbs Agreement, then, in lieu of the amount specified in clause (iv), Mr. Dobbs will be entitled to an amount equal to 2.99 times the greater of (a) the average of his base salary and cash bonus for the two years preceding the change in control and (b) his base salary and target cash bonus for the year of the change in control. If Mr. Dobbs employment terminates due to death or disability, he will be entitled to the benefits described in clauses (i) and (ii) above. Mr. Dobbs will also be entitled to payment of accrued but unpaid salary, accrued but unused vacation, unsubsidized COBRA benefits, and unreimbursed business expenses following termination of employment for any reason. 
 
 The Dobbs Agreement provides that Mr. Dobbs will be entitled to participate in all benefit plans provided to the Company s executives of like status from time to time in accordance with the applicable plan, policy or practices of the 
 53 

Table of Contents 

 Company, as well as in any long-term incentive program established by the Company. It also provides for four weeks of annual paid vacation, reimbursement of business expenses, and indemnification rights. 
 
 The Dobbs Agreement contains restrictive covenants prohibiting Mr. Dobbs from disclosing the Company s confidential information at any time, and from soliciting the Company s clients, suppliers and business partners during his employment and for one year thereafter. 
 
 On February 8, 2022, the Company and Mr. Dobbs entered into an Amended and Restated Employment Agreement (the A R Dobbs Employment Agreement ). The A R Dobbs Employment Agreement replaces the previous employment agreement between the Company and Mr. Dobbs. 
 
 Pursuant to the A R Dobbs Employment Agreement, Mr. Dobbs receives a base salary of 400,000 per annum, subject to annual review, and shall also be eligible for an annual bonus Bonus based on achievement of specified performance targets as established by the Compensation Committee of the Board of Directors. For 2021, Mr. Dobbs is eligible for a target annual Bonus of 100 of his base salary 2021 Bonus which shall be paid in cash, provided that 25 of the after-tax amount of the 2021 Bonus may be paid in Common Stock. For years after 2021, Mr. Dobbs s target annual Bonus will be at least 75 of his base salary and will be payable in cash. For years after 2021, Mr. Dobbs will also be eligible to receive annual LTI Awards as determined by the Company, with the target amount of such LTI Awards for a year, when added to Mr. Dobbs s target Bonus for the year, being at least 175 of his base salary for the relevant year. The term of the A R Dobbs Employment Agreement ends on December 31, 2024, with automatic one (1) year extensions unless notice not to renew is given by either party at least 120 days prior to the relevant end date. 
 
 The A R Dobbs Employment Agreement provides for payment of severance benefits if Mr. Dobbs s employment is terminated by the Company without cause or by Mr. Dobbs for good reason, provided that Mr. Dobbs executes a general waiver and release of claims and complies with the restrictive covenants described below. The severance benefits include (i) accrued but unpaid Bonuses, (ii) LTI Award benefits to the extent provided for pursuant to the underlying award and plan documents, (iii) a pro rata Bonus for the year of termination (if such termination occurs after the first calendar quarter), (iv) monthly payments for up to 18 months of COBRA premiums for continued group health, dental and vision coverage for Mr. Dobbs and his dependents, and (v) an amount equal to two times the greater of (A) the average of his annualized base salary and Bonus for the preceding three years, or (B) his base salary and target Bonus for the year of termination. If Mr. Dobbs s employment is terminated by the Company without cause, by the officer for good reason, or upon failure of the Company to renew the term of the Agreement, in all such cases, within 24 months following a change in control of the Company as defined in the A R Dobbs Employment Agreement, then, in lieu of the amount specified in clause (v), Mr. Dobbs will be entitled to an amount equal to 2.99 times the greater of (a) the average of his annualized base salary and Bonus for the three years preceding the year in which the change in control occurs, and (b) his base salary and target Bonus for the year in which the change in control occurs. If Mr. Dobbs s employment terminates due to death or disability, he or his estate will be entitled to the benefits described in clauses (i), (ii) and (iii) above. Mr. Dobbs will also be entitled to payment of accrued but unpaid salary, accrued but unused vacation, unsubsidized COBRA benefits, and unreimbursed business expenses, following termination of employment for any reason. 
 
 The A R Dobbs Employment Agreement provides that Mr. Dobbs will be entitled to participate in all benefit plans provided to the Company s executives of like status from time to time in accordance with the applicable plan, policy or practices of the Company, as well as in any long-term incentive program established by the Company. It also provides for four weeks of annual paid vacation, reimbursement of business expenses, and indemnification rights. 
 
 The A R Dobbs Employment Agreement contains restrictive covenants prohibiting Mr. Dobbs from disclosing the Company s confidential information at any time, and from soliciting the Company s clients, suppliers and business partners during his employment and for one year thereafter. 
 
 Directors Compensation 
 
 As discussed in Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance, our Corporate Reorganization was completed on January 11, 2021 and included a change in our governance structure to a board of directors from our previous structure of being governed by Trustees. 
 
 54 

Table of Contents 

 The following table sets forth information concerning compensation paid to the board of directors during the year ended December 31, 2022: 
 Name Fees Earned or Paid in Cash (1) 
 Stock Awards Total John R. Norris III 145,000 106,154 251,154 David E. Barry 145,000 106,154 251,154 Rhys J. Best (2) 
 87,946 76,037 163,983 Donald G. Cook 144,247 106,154 250,401 Barbara J. Duganier 150,843 106,154 256,997 Donna E. Epps 155,843 106,154 261,997 Karl F. Kurz (3) 
 91,748 76,037 167,785 Dana F. McGinnis (4) 
 55,000 55,000 Eric L. Oliver 115,000 106,154 221,154 Murray Stahl 115,000 106,154 221,154 
 
 (1) From time to time, the Board constitutes ad hoc committees and determines whether any, and if so how much, compensation is paid for such service. Any such payments made to directors during the year ended December 31, 2022 are reflected in the Fees Earned or Paid in Cash column of the table above. 
 
 (2) Mr. Best joined the Board effective April 15, 2022. 
 
 (3) Mr. Kurz joined the Board effective April 15, 2022. 
 
 (4) Mr. McGinnis resigned the Board effective March 28, 2022. 
 
 On an annual basis, all non-employee directors receive a base retainer of 210,000, of which half is paid in cash and half is paid in shares of Common Stock unless otherwise determined by the Company, valued at the closing price of the Common Stock on the NYSE on the date of grant of January 1 of each year, and vesting on the first anniversary of grant. Commencing January 1, 2023, the stock portion of the annual retainer fee was increased to 125,000 (and the cash portion remained at 105,000). In addition, non-employee directors receive the following amounts for additional Board and committee service: 40,000 for Board co-chair, 10,000 for committee service (per committee), 10,000 for Audit Committee chair, 5,000 for Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee Chair, and 5,000 for Compensation Committee Chair. Commencing January 1, 2023, the additional amount for Board co-chair service was increased to 50,000. Directors serving in multiple leadership roles receive incremental compensation for each role, including that committee chairs receive both the committee service fee plus the specified amount for chairing such committee. Directors are not expected to receive additional compensation for attending regularly scheduled Board or committee meetings. For less than full years of service, the compensation paid to the non-employee directors will be prorated based on the number of days of service. 
 
 Stock Ownership Guidelines 
 
 The Company believes that it is in the best interests of our stockholders for our directors to maintain a significant ownership position in TPL to create substantial alignment with our stockholders. Therefore, we have established stock ownership guidelines applicable to our non-employee directors. The ownership guidelines require each of our non-employee directors to acquire, within five (5) years, and hold shares of Common Stock with an aggregate value of at least five (5) times the base cash retainer. Shares counting towards the guidelines include TPL shares held outright and unvested time-based restricted shares. However, non-employee directors are permitted to sell shares of Common Stock to facilitate tax obligations in connection with the vesting of restricted shares. If a non-employee director falls below the applicable multiple due solely to a decline in the value of shares of Common Stock, such non-employee director will not be required to acquire additional shares to meet the applicable multiple. 
 
 Compensation Committee Interlocks and Insider Participation 
 
 Prior to our Corporate Reorganization effective January 11, 2021, each of the Trustees was a member of the Nominating, Compensation and Governance Committee of the Trustees. None of the Trustees was an officer or employee of TPL. None of the Trustees had any relationship requiring disclosure by the Trust pursuant to Item 404 of Regulation S-K. There are no interlocking relationships requiring disclosure by the Trust pursuant to Item 407(e)(4)(iii) of Regulation S-K. Our Compensation Committee consists of Ms. Duganier, Gen. Cook and Mr. Kurz. None of Ms. Duganier, Gen. Cook and Mr. Kurz, the members of the Compensation Committee, was an officer or employee of TPL during the Last Fiscal Year or had any 
 55 

Table of Contents 

 relationship requiring disclosure by the Company pursuant to Item 404 of Regulation S-K. There are no interlocking relationships requiring disclosure by the Company pursuant to Item 407(e)(4)(iii) of Regulation S-K. 
 
 Compensation Committee Report 
 
 The Compensation Committee has reviewed and discussed the Compensation Discussion and Analysis section of this Item 11 with management and, based on such review and discussion, recommended that it be included in this Report. 
 
 Barbara J. Duganier, Chair 
 Donald G. Cook 
 Karl F. Kurz 

Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Security Holder Matters. 
 
 As discussed in Item 1. Business General Corporate Reorganization, on January 11, 2021, we completed our Corporate Reorganization from a business trust to a corporation. Accordingly, as of January 11, 2021, the Sub-shares of the Trust ceased to be outstanding and the shares of Common Stock were issued on a one-for-one basis to holders of the Sub-shares, and began to trade on the NYSE under the symbol TPL. 
 
 Securities Authorized for Issuance Under Equity Compensation Plans 
 
 The following table sets forth certain information, as of December 31, 2022, regarding the shares of our Common Stock authorized for issuance under our equity compensation plans. 
 Plan Number of shares of Common Stock issuable upon exercise of outstanding options, warrants or rights Weighted average of exercise price of outstanding Number of shares of Common Stock remaining available for future issuance Texas Pacific Land Corporation 2021 Incentive Plan approved by stockholders 
 61,270 Texas Pacific Land Corporation 2021 Director Stock and Deferred Compensation Plan approved by stockholders 9,301 Equity compensation plans not approved by stockholders 
 
 2021 Incentive Plan 
 
 We maintain our 2021 Incentive Plan (the 2021 Plan ), pursuant to which we may grant to any employee of the Company, an affiliate or a subsidiary nonqualified stock options, incentive stock options, stock appreciation rights, restricted stock, restricted stock units, performance shares, performance units, cash-based awards and other stock-based awards. The 2021 Plan was approved by our Board on August 11, 2021 and by our stockholders on December 29, 2021, and will expire on December 29, 2031. The maximum aggregate number of shares of Common Stock that may be issued under the 2021 Plan is 75,000 shares, which may consist, in whole or in part, of authorized and unissued shares (if any), treasury shares, or shares reacquired by the Company in any manner. 
 
 Unless otherwise provided in an award agreement or otherwise determined by the Compensation Committee, upon a Change in Control of the Company the following shall occur: 
 
 For awards other than performance awards, a Replacement Award (that is, an award with a value and terms that are at least as favorable as the outstanding award) may be issued; 
 
 For awards other than performance awards, if a Replacement Award is not issued and the Company s Common Stock ceases to be publicly traded after the change in control, such awards shall be immediately vested and exercisable upon such change in control; 
 
 For unearned performance awards, the award shall be (i) earned on a pro-rata basis at the higher of actual or target performance and (ii) measured as of the end of the calendar quarter before the change in control date or, if the award is stock-price based, as of the effective date of the change in control; 
 
 56 

Table of Contents 

 For earned but unvested performance awards, the award shall be immediately vested and payable as of the change in control; 
 
 For awards other than performance awards, if the Company s Common Stock continues to be publicly traded after change in control, such awards shall continue under their applicable terms, unless otherwise determined by the Compensation Committee. 
 
 Notwithstanding the forgoing, in the case of awards other than performance awards, the Compensation Committee may cancel such awards, and the award holders shall receive shares or cash equal to the difference between the amount stockholders receive for their shares and the purchase price per share, if any, under the award. Except as may be provided in a severance compensation agreement between the Company and the Participant, if, in connection with a change in control, a Participant s payment of any awards will cause the Participant to be liable for federal excise tax levied on certain excess parachute payments, then either (i) all payments otherwise due; or (ii) the reduced payment amount to avoid an excess parachute payment, whichever will provide the Participant with the greater after- tax economic benefit taking into account any applicable excise tax, shall be paid to the Participant. In no event will any Participant be entitled to receive any kind of gross-up payment or reimbursement for any excise taxes payable in connection with change in control payments. 
 
 2021 Non-Employee Director Stock and Deferred Compensation Plan 
 
 We maintain our 2021 Non-Employee Director and Deferred Compensation Plan (the 2021 Director Plan ), pursuant to which we may grant shares of Common Stock to each of our non-employee directors and our non-employee directors may defer some or all of their directors cash fees and stock compensation. The 2021 Director Plan was approved by our Board on August 11, 2021 and by our stockholders on December 29, 2021, and will expire on December 29, 2031. The maximum aggregate number of shares of Common Stock that may be issued under the 2021 Director Plan is 10,000 shares, which may consist, in whole or in part, of authorized and unissued shares (if any), treasury shares, or shares reacquired by the Company in any manner. 
 
 Unless otherwise determined by the administrator of the 2021 Director Plan in connection with a grant, a change in control shall have the following effects on outstanding awards: 
 
 On a change in control in which a Director receives a replacement award with a value and terms that are at least as favorable as the Director s outstanding awards (a Replacement Award ), the Director s outstanding awards shall remain outstanding subject to the terms of the Replacement Award. 
 
 On a change in control in which the Company s shares cease to be publicly traded, the Director s outstanding awards shall become immediately vested unless the Director receives Replacement Awards. 
 
 On a change in control in which the Company s shares continue to be publicly traded, a Director s outstanding awards shall remain outstanding and be treated as Replacement Awards. 
 
 Notwithstanding the foregoing, the administrator of the 2021 Director Plan may determine that any or all outstanding awards granted under the 2021 Director Plan will be canceled and terminated upon a change in control, and that in connection with such cancellation and termination, the Director shall receive for each share of Common Stock subject to such award a cash payment (or the delivery of shares of stock, other securities or a combination of cash, stock and securities equivalent to such cash payment) equal to the consideration received by stockholders of the Company for a share of Common Stock in such change in control. 
 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners 
 
 The following table shows all holders known to The Company to be the beneficial owner of more than 5 of the outstanding shares of Common Stock as of February 14, 2023: 
 57 

Table of Contents 

 Name and Address Number of Securities Beneficially Owned Percent of Class Horizon Kinetics LLC (1) 
 470 Park Avenue South, 4th Floor South, 
 New York, New York 10016 
 1,429,929 18.6 The Vanguard Group (2) 
 100 Vanguard Blvd. 
 Malvern, Pennsylvania 19355 
 631,365 8.2 BlackRock, Inc. (3) 
 55 East 52nd Street 
 New York, New York 10055 
 430,401 5.6 
 
 (1) The information set forth is based on Amendment No. 2 to Schedule 13D (the Schedule 13D filed on January 27, 2023 by Horizon Kinetics Asset Management LLC Horizon ), a wholly owned subsidiary of Horizon Kinetics LLC (collectively, Horizon Kinetics ). Horizon Kinetics, through its registered investment adviser, Horizon, acts as a discretionary investment manager on behalf of its clients, who maintain beneficial interest in TPL. Murray Stahl, CEO and CIO of Horizon Kinetics, is a director of TPL. The number of shares beneficially owned excludes shares held by portfolio managers and other employees of Horizon personally. 
 
 (2) The information set forth is based on Amendment No. 1 to Schedule 13G filed on February 9, 2023 by The Vanguard Group. 
 
 (3) The information set forth is based on the Schedule 13G filed on February 10, 2023 by BlackRock, Inc. 

Stock Ownership Information for Directors and Officers 
 
 The following table shows the number of shares of Common Stock beneficially owned directly or indirectly as of February 14, 2023 by our current directors, Named Executive Officers, and our directors and current executive officers as a group: 
 Name of Beneficial Owner Amount and Nature of Ownership Percent of Class Directors and Named Executive Officers: David E. Barry 442 Rhys J. Best 106 Donald G. Cook 149 Barbara J. Duganier 139 Donna E. Epps 139 Karl F. Kurz 106 John R. Norris III 1,139 Eric L. Oliver 133,339 (1) 1.7 Murray Stahl 360,633 (2) 4.7 Tyler Glover 1,419 Chris Steddum 634 Micheal W. Dobbs 368 All Directors and Named Executive Officers as a Group (11 persons) 498,613 6.5 
 
 Indicates ownership of less than 1 of the class. 
 
 (1) Includes (i) 239 shares held by Eric L. Oliver, (ii) 130,500 shares held by SoftVest, L.P., a Delaware limited partnership SoftVest LP ), (iii) 350 shares held by trusts administered for the benefit of Mr. Oliver's grandchildren (the Trust Shares ), and (iv) 2,250 shares owned by Debeck LLC and Debeck Properties LP (together, Debeck ). The general partner of SoftVest LP is SoftVest GP I, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company SV GP ). SoftVest Advisors, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company SoftVest Advisors is investment manager of SoftVest LP. Mr. Oliver is the managing member of SV GP. SoftVest LP, SoftVest Advisors and Mr. Oliver may be deemed to share voting and dispositive power with respect to shares beneficially owned by them. Mr. Oliver disclaims beneficial ownership of the 130,500 shares of Common Stock held by SoftVest LP for purposes of Section 16 of the Exchange Act, except for his pecuniary interest therein. Mr. Oliver has sole voting and dispositive power with respect to the Trust Shares and disclaims any pecuniary interest in such shares. Mr. Oliver controls Debeck and has sole voting and dispositive power with respect to the shares beneficially owned by Debeck, but Mr. Oliver disclaims any pecuniary interest therein. Based on Form 4 filed by Mr. Oliver on January 3, 2023. 
 
 (2) Includes (i) 2,058 shares held by Murray Stahl, (ii) 60 shares held by Mr. Stahl s spouse, (iii) 1,537 shares held by Horizon Common Inc., (iv) 1,472 shares held by Horizon Kinetics Hard Assets II LLC, (v) 43,283 shares held by Polestar Offshore Fund Ltd., (vi) 5,549 shares held by CDK Fund Ltd., (vii) 2,484 shares held by CDK Partners LP, (viii) 104,919 shares held by Horizon Kinetics Hard Assets LLC, (ix) 1,685 shares held by 
 58 

Table of Contents 

 Horizon Credit Opportunities Fund LP, and (x) 197,586 shares held by Horizon Kinetics Asset Management LLC. The amount of common shares of TPL reported herein excludes shares held by partnerships and other accounts in which Mr. Stahl has a non-controlling interest and does not exercise investment discretion. The shares referenced in (iii)-(x) above are managed by Horizon, in which Mr. Stahl serves as Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and Chief Investment Officer but does not participate in investment decisions with respect to the securities of TPL. Horizon separately reports its position and transactions in the securities of TPL on Forms 4 and Schedule 13D. Mr. Stahl disclaims beneficial ownership in any of the accounts managed by Horizon except to the extent of his pecuniary interest therein. Based on Form 4 filed by Mr. Stahl on February 15, 2023. 

Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence. 
 
 Transactions with Related Persons 
 
 There have been no significant reportable transactions or currently proposed transactions between TPL and any TPL director, Trustee or executive officer of TPL or any 5 security holder of TPL or any member of the immediate family of any of the foregoing persons, since the beginning of the Last Fiscal Year. 
 
 Procedures for Approval of Related Person Transactions 
 
 TPL generally does not engage in transactions in which TPL s executive officers or directors (or any of their immediate family members) or any of TPL s stockholders owning 5 or more of TPL s outstanding shares of Common Stock have a material interest. Should a proposed transaction or series of similar transactions involve any such persons in an amount that exceeds 120,000 in any fiscal year, it will be subject to review and approval by the Audit Committee in accordance with its written policy and procedures adopted by the Board. Transactions entered into that were not related person transactions at the time that they were consummated, but that later become related person transactions during the course of the transaction will also be subject to review by the Audit Committee in accordance with a written policy adopted by the Board. 
 
 Independence 
 
 The Board has affirmatively determined that all of the directors, other than Mr. Glover, who is employed by TPL, are independent under the independence standards established by the Sarbanes-Oxley Act and the applicable rules of the SEC and the NYSE. 
 
 No director may be deemed independent unless the Board determines that he or she has no material relationship with TPL, directly or as an officer, stockholder or partner of an organization that has a material relationship with TPL. 

Item 14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services. 
 
 The following table presents fees billed to TPL for professional services rendered by our independent registered public accounting firm Deloitte Touche LLP Deloitte ), during 2022: 
 Years Ended December 31, 2022 2021 Type of Fees: Audit fees 664,164 450,771 Audit-related fees Tax fees All other fees (1) 
 4,301 37,051 668,465 487,822 

(1) Represents fees associated with Deloitte sponsored educational seminars and accounting research tools. 
 
 For the year ended December 31, 2022, the Audit Committee approved all of the services provided by, and fees paid to, Deloitte. 
 
 The Audit Committee has established a policy requiring Audit Committee approval of all fees for audit and non-audit services to be provided by TPL s independent registered public accountants, prior to commencement of such services. Consideration and approval of fees generally occurs at the Committee s regularly scheduled meetings or, to the extent that such fees may relate to other matters to be considered at special meetings, at those special meetings. 
 59 

Table of Contents 

 PART IV 

Item 15. Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules. 

Financial Statements 
 
 See Index to Financial Statements. 
 
 Exhibits 
 EXHIBIT INDEX Exhibit Number Exhibit Description 3.1 Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of Texas Pacific Land Corporation (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to our Form 8-K filed on January 11, 2021 (File No. 001-39804)). 
 3.2 Amended and Restated Bylaws of Texas Pacific Land Corporation (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.2 to our Form 8-K filed on January 11, 2021 (File No. 001-39804)). 
 4.1 Description of Securities of Texas Pacific Land Corporation. 
 10.1 Form of Indemnification Agreement by and between Texas Pacific Land Corporation and individual directors or officers (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to our Form 8-K filed on January 11, 2021 (File No. 001-39804)). 
 10.2 Amended and Restated Employment Agreement by and between Texas Pacific Land Corporation and Tyler Glover (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to our Form 8-K filed on January 11, 2021 (File No. 001-39804). 
 10.2.1 Amended and Restated Employment Agreement by and between Texas Pacific Land Corporation and Tyler Glover dated as of February 8, 2022 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to our Current Report on Form 8-K filed on February 14, 2022 (File No. 001-39804). 
 10.3 Employment Agreement between Texas Pacific Land Corporation and Chris Steddum dated May 31, 2021 (incorporated by referenced to Exhibit 10.1 to our Current Report on Form 8-K filed on June 3, 2021 (File No. 001-39804)). 
 10.3.1 Amended and Restated Employment Agreement by and between Texas Pacific Land Corporation and Chris Steddum dated as of February 8, 2022 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to our Current Report on Form 8-K filed on February 14, 2022 (File No. 001-39804). 
 10.4 Employment Agreement between Texas Pacific Land Corporation and Micheal W. Dobbs dated as of December 30, 2020. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.6 to our Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on February 25, 2021 (File No. 001-39804)). 
 10.4.1 Amended and Restated Employment Agreement by and between Texas Pacific Land Corporation and Mich ea l W. Dobbs dated as of February 8, 2022 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to our Current Report on Form 8-K filed on February 14, 2022 (File No. 001-39804). 
 10.5 Stockholders Agreement dated June 11, 2020 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Trust s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on June 15, 2020 (File No. 001-00737)). 
 10.5.1 First Amendment to Stockholder s Agreement, dated December 14, 2020 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Trust s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on December 14, 2020 (File No. 001-00737)). 
 10.6 2021 Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to our Registration Statement on Form S-8 filed on December 29, 2021 (File No. 333-261938)). 
 10.6.1 Form of Restricted Stock Award Agreement (Employees) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to Texas Pacific Land Corporation s Registration Statement on Form S-8 filed on December 29, 2021 (File No. 333-261938)). 
 10.6.2 Form of Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement (2021 Grants) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to Texas Pacific Land Corporation s Registration Statement on Form S-8 filed on February 14, 2022 (File No. 001-39804)). 
 10.6.3 Form of RTSR Performance Unit Award Agreement (2021 Grants (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 to Texas Pacific Land Corporation s Registration Statement on Form S-8 filed on February 14, 2022 (File No. 001-39804)). 
 10.6.4 Form of FCF/Share Performance Unit Award Agreement (2021 Grants) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.6 to Texas Pacific Land Corporation s Registration Statement on Form S-8 filed on February 14, 2022 (File No. 001-39804)). 
 
 60 

Table of Contents 

 10.6.5 Form of Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Texas Pacific Land Corporation s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on February 13, 2023 (File No. 001-39804)). 
 10.6.6 Form of RTSR Performance Unit Award Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to Texas Pacific Land Corporation s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on February 13, 2023 (File No. 001-39804)). 
 10.6.7 Form of FCF/Share Performance Unit Award Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to Texas Pacific Land Corporation s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on February 13, 2023 (File No. 001-39804)). 
 10.7 2021 Non-Employee Director Stock and Deferred Compensation Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to our Registration Statement on Form S-8 filed on December 29, 2021 (File No. 333-261938)). 
 10.7.1 Form of Restricted Stock Award Agreement (Directors) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to our Registration Statement on Form S-8 filed on December 29, 2021 (File No. 333-261938)). 
 21.1 List of Subsidiaries. 
 23.1 Consent of Deloitte Touche LLP. 
 23.2 Consent of Lane Gorman Trubitt, LLC. 
 31.1 Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) under the Exchange Act. 
 31.2 Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) under the Exchange Act. 
 32.1 Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 32.2 Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 101 The following information from our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022, formatted in iXBRL (Inline eXtensible Business Reporting Language): (i) Consolidated Balance Sheets; (ii) Consolidated Statements of Income and Total Comprehensive Income; (iii) Consolidated Statements of Equity and (iv) Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows. 
 104 The cover page from our Annual Report on Form 10-K formatted in iXBRL. 
 
 Filed or furnished herewith. 
 Portions of this exhibit have been omitted pursuant to Rule 601(b)(10) of Regulation S-K. The omitted information is not material and would likely cause competitive harm to the registrant if publicly disclosed. 
 Management compensatory arrangement. 

Item 16. Form 10-K Summary. 
 
 Not applicable. 
 61 

Table of Contents 

 SIGNATURES 

Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized, on the 22nd day of February, 2023. 
 TEXAS PACIFIC LAND CORPORATION By: /s/ Tyler Glover Tyler Glover President and Chief Executive Officer 
 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities indicated on the 22nd day of February, 2023. 
 Signature Title(s) /s/ Tyler Glover President, Chief Executive Officer and Director Tyler Glover (Principal Executive Officer) /s/ Chris Steddum Chief Financial Officer Chris Steddum (Principal Financial Officer) /s/ Stephanie Buffington Chief Accounting Officer Stephanie Buffington (Principal Accounting Officer) /s/ David E. Barry Co-Chair of Board and Director David E. Barry /s/ John R. Norris III Co-Chair of Board and Director John R. Norris III /s/ Rhys J. Best Director Rhys J. Best /s/ Donald G. Cook Director Donald G. Cook /s/ Barbara J. Duganier Director Barbara J. Duganier /s/ Donna E. Epps Director Donna E. Epps /s/ Karl F. Kurz Director Karl F. Kurz /s/ Eric L. Oliver Director Eric L. Oliver /s/ Murray Stahl Director Murray Stahl 
 62 

Table of Contents 

 Item 15(a). Financial Statements. 
 
 INDEX TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Consolidated Financial Statements Page Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID No. 
 F-1 
 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID No. 
 F-3 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 F-4 
 Consolidated Statements of Income and Total Comprehensive Income Years Ended December 31, 2022 , 2021 and 2020 
 F-5 
 Consolidated Statements of Equity Years Ended December 31, 2022 , 2021 and 2020 
 F-6 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows Years Ended December 31, 2022 , 2021 and 2020 
 F-7 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 F-8 

All schedules have been omitted because the required information is contained in the consolidated financial statements or related notes, or is not applicable or immaterial. 

63 

Table of Contents 

 REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 
 
 To the stockholders and the Board of Directors of Texas Pacific Land Corporation 
 
 Opinion on the Financial Statements 
 
 We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheet of Texas Pacific Land Corporation (the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the related consolidated statements of income and total comprehensive income, equity, and cash flows, for each of the two years in the period ended December 31, 2022, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the financial statements ). In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the two years in the period ended December 31, 2022, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 
 
 We have also audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the Company's internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission and our report dated February 22, 2023, expressed an unqualified opinion on the Company's internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 Basis for Opinion 
 
 These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company's management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company's financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 
 We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 
 Critical Audit Matter 
 
 The critical audit matter communicated below is a matter arising from the current-period audit of the financial statements that was communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that (1) relates to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of critical audit matters does not alter in any way our opinion on the financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matter below, providing a separate opinion on the critical audit matter or on the accounts or disclosures to which it relates. 
 
 Accrual of Oil and Gas Royalties Refer to Note 2 to the financial statements 
 
 Critical Audit Matter Description 
 
 The Company records an accrual for oil and gas royalty revenues not received during the month for oil and gas removed from the respective mineral reserve locations. As of December 31, 2022, this oil and gas royalty accrual approximated 50.1 million, and is included in accounts receivable and accrued receivables, net in the accompanying consolidated balance sheet. The accrual is necessary due to the time lag between the production of oil and gas and the receipt of the actual payment by operators, which is typically one to two months after the production of oil and gas. The determination of the oil and gas royalty accrual involves an analysis of historical production volumes, estimates of the timing of future payments, and recent market prices for oil and gas. The realized transaction prices for oil and gas royalty revenues are subject to national and international economic and political considerations and locational and contractual basis differences. 
 
 Given the significant judgment in determining future estimated payments based on estimated production volumes, payment timing, and realized prices for oil and gas products made by the Company, performing audit procedures to evaluate the Company s estimate of accrued oil and gas royalties required a high degree of auditor judgment in evaluating audit evidence and an increased extent of effort. 
 
 How the Critical Audit Matter Was Addressed in the Audit 
 
 Our audit procedures related to the Company s accrual of oil and gas royalties included the following, among others: 
 F-1 

Table of Contents 

 We tested the operating effectiveness of internal controls related the Company s estimate of the accrual of revenues from oil and gas royalties 
 We evaluated the method used by management to develop the estimate considering historical production, payments, and timing of payments 
 We evaluated the Company s estimation process by performing a retrospective review of variances between accrued revenue estimates and subsequent receipts of payments of oil and gas royalties 
 We tested the completeness and accuracy of historical production and payment data used in the estimating payments not yet received for production during the current period, and assessed the relevance of historical data to the current period estimate 
 We assessed the estimate of realized prices for oil and gas royalties used in the accrual of oil and gas royalties based on market pricing data and historical price differentials 
 
 /s/ 

February 22, 2023 
 
 We have served as the Company's auditor since 2021. 
 F-2 

Table of Contents 

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 
 
 To the Board of Directors and Stockholders 
 Texas Pacific Land Corporation 
 
 Opinion on the Financial Statements 
 
 We have audited the accompanying consolidated statements of income and total comprehensive income, equity, and cash flows of Texas Pacific Land Trust (the Trust ), known since January 11, 2021 as Texas Pacific Land Corporation, for the year ended December 31, 2020 and the related notes (collectively referred to as the financial statements ). In our opinion, the financial statements referred to above present fairly, in all material respects, the results of the Trust s operations and cash flows for the year ended December 31, 2020 in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 
 
 Basis for Opinion 
 
 These financial statements are the responsibility of the Trust s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Trust s financial statements based on our audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Trust in accordance with the United States federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 
 We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. 
 
 Our audit included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audit also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audit provided a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

We served as the Trust s auditor from 2004 to 2021. 

February 25, 2021 

F-3 

Table of Contents 

 TEXAS PACIFIC LAND CORPORATION 
 CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 
 (in thousands, except shares and per share amounts) 
 December 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 ASSETS Cash and cash equivalents Accounts receivable and accrued receivables, net Prepaid expenses and other current assets Tax like-kind exchange escrow Prepaid income taxes Total current assets Real estate acquired Property, plant and equipment, net Royalty interests acquired, net Operating lease right-of-use assets Other assets Real estate and royalty interests assigned through the 1888 Declaration of Trust, no value assigned: Land (surface rights) 1/16th nonparticipating perpetual royalty interest 1/128th nonparticipating perpetual royalty interest Total assets LIABILITIES AND EQUITY Accounts payable and accrued expenses Ad valorem taxes payable Income taxes payable Unearned revenue Total current liabilities Deferred taxes payable Unearned revenue - noncurrent Operating lease liabilities Accrued liabilities - noncurrent Total liabilities Commitments and contingencies Equity: Preferred stock, par value; shares authorized, outstanding as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 Common stock, par value; shares authorized and and outstanding as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively 
 Treasury stock, at cost; and shares as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively 
 ) ) Additional paid-in capital Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) ) Retained earnings Total equity Total liabilities and equity 
 
 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 F-4 

Table of Contents 

 TEXAS PACIFIC LAND CORPORATION 
 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF INCOME AND TOTAL COMPREHENSIVE INCOME 
 (in thousands, except shares and per share amounts) 
 Years Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 Revenues: Oil and gas royalties Water sales Produced water royalties Easements and other surface-related income Land sales and other operating revenue Total revenues Expenses: Salaries and related employee expenses Water service-related expenses General and administrative expenses Legal and professional fees Ad valorem taxes Land sales expenses Depreciation, depletion and amortization Total operating expenses Operating income Other income, net Income before income taxes Income tax expense (benefit): Current Deferred ) ) Total income tax expense Net income Amortization of net actuarial costs, net of income taxes of , , and for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively 
 Net actuarial gain (loss) on pension plan, net of income taxes of , , and ) as of December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively 
 ) Total other comprehensive income (loss) ) Total comprehensive income Net income per share of common stock/Sub-share Certificate Basic Diluted Weighted average number of shares of common stock/Sub-share Certificates outstanding Basic Diluted 
 
 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 F-5 

Table of Contents 

 TEXAS PACIFIC LAND CORPORATION 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF EQUITY 
 (in thousands, except shares and per share amounts) 

Sub-share Certificates Common Stock Additional Paid-in Capital Treasury Stock Accum. Other Comp. Inc/(Loss) Retained Earnings Net Proceeds From All Sources Total Equity Shares Shares Amount Shares Amount Balances as of January 1, 2020 
 ) Net income Periodic pension costs, net of income taxes of ) 
 ) ) Cumulative effect of accounting changes ) ) Regular dividends paid per Sub-share Certificate 
 ) ) Special dividends paid per Sub-share Certificate 
 ) ) Balances as of December 31, 2020 
 ) Net income Periodic pension costs, net of income taxes of 
 Repurchases of common stock ) ) ) Dividends paid per share of common stock 
 ) ) Conversion of Sub-shares into shares of common stock ) ) Share-based compensation ) ) Balances as of December 31, 2021 
 ) ) Net income Periodic pension costs, net of income taxes of 
 Shares exchanged for tax withholdings ) ) ) Repurchases of common stock ) ) ) Regular dividends paid and accrued per share of common stock 
 ) ) Special dividends paid and accrued per share of common stock 
 ) ) Share-based compensation, net of forfeitures ) ) Balances as of December 31, 2022 
 ) 
 
 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 F-6 

Table of Contents 

 TEXAS PACIFIC LAND CORPORATION 
 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 
 (in thousands) 
 Years Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 Cash flows from operating activities: Net income Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash provided by operating activities: Deferred taxes ) Depreciation, depletion and amortization Share-based compensation Land sales revenue recognized on land exchange ) Changes in operating assets and liabilities: Receivables and other assets ) ) Income taxes payable ) ) Prepaid income taxes ) Unearned revenue ) Operating liabilities, excluding income taxes ) Ad valorem taxes payable Cash provided by operating activities Cash flows from investing activities: Proceeds from sales of fixed assets Acquisition of real estate ) ) ) Acquisition of royalty interests ) ) Purchase of fixed assets ) ) ) Cash used in investing activities ) ) ) Cash flows from financing activities: Repurchases of common stock ) ) Shares exchanged for tax withholdings ) Dividends paid ) ) ) Cash used in financing activities ) ) ) Net increase (decrease) in cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash ) Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash, beginning of period Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash, end of period Supplemental disclosure of cash flow information: Income taxes paid Supplemental non-cash investing and financing information: Nonmonetary exchange of assets (Decrease) increase in accounts payable related to capital expenditures ) Accrued dividends on unvested stock awards Share repurchases not yet settled Issuance of common stock Land exchange Operating lease right-of-use assets 
 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 F-7 

Table of Contents 

 TEXAS PACIFIC LAND CORPORATION 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

1. 
 
 surface acres of land in West Texas, with the majority of our ownership concentrated in the Permian Basin. Additionally, we own a 1/128th nonparticipating perpetual oil and gas royalty interest NPRI under approximately acres of land, a 1/16th NPRI under approximately acres of land, and approximately additional net royalty acres (normalized to 1/8th) in the western part of Texas. 
 
 TPL s income is derived primarily from oil, gas and produced water royalties, sales of water and land, easements and commercial leases of the land. 
 
 On January 11, 2021, we completed our reorganization from a business trust, organized under a Declaration of Trust dated February 1, 1888 (the Declaration of Trust ), to a corporation (the Corporate Reorganization and changed our name from Texas Pacific Land Trust (the Trust to Texas Pacific Land Corporation. See further discussion of the Corporate Reorganization and its impact on our equity structure in Note 11, Equity. Any references in these consolidated financial statements and notes to the Company, TPL, our, we, or us with respect to periods prior to January 11, 2021 are in reference to the Trust, and references to periods on or after that date are in reference to Texas Pacific Land Corporation or TPL Corporation. 
 
 segments: Land and Resource Management and Water Services and Operations. Our segments provide management with a comprehensive financial view of our key businesses. The segments enable the alignment of strategies and objectives of TPL and provide a framework for timely and rational allocation of resources within businesses. See Note 12, Business Segment Reporting for further information regarding our segments. 

2. 

F-8 

Table of Contents 

 and generally require fixed annual payments. Lease cancellations are allowed under certain circumstances, but initial lease deposits are generally nonrefundable. The initial lease deposits and annual payments are recorded as unearned revenue upon receipt and amortized over the life of the lease. Advance lease payments are deferred and amortized over the appropriate accounting period. 
 
 Other surface-related income includes revenue from permits, material sales, and renewable energy sources. Revenue from permits is recognized upon execution of the contract and receipt of payment. Revenue from material sales is recognized upon the removal of materials by the customer. Revenue from renewable energy sources, such as wind and solar power, generally consist of leases, some of which may include a provision for future royalties once certain circumstances occur. As discussed above, lease payments are recorded as unearned revenue and amortized over the life of the lease. Royalties are recognized based upon actual production. 
 
 Water Sales 
 
 Water sales revenue encompasses sales of water to operators and other customers, royalties received related to areas of mutual interest AMI ), and royalties received pursuant to legacy agreements with operators. In certain instances, we enter into agreements with third parties to provide various water services, including but not limited to, the purchase, sale or transfer of water within a specific geographic area, also known as an AMI. Our performance obligation is deemed satisfied upon the delivery of water at which point, revenue is recognized. In instances where a third party other than the customer is involved in the sale and/or transport of water, such as a revenue share agreement, brokered water sale transaction or third party acquisition of water, the Company will either be acting as the principal or the agent in the water sales transaction. If the Company is deemed to be acting as a principal, the associated revenues are reported on a gross basis in water sales revenue and the corresponding costs associated with the sale are reported as an operating expense in water service-related expenses in the consolidated income statement. If the Company is deemed to be acting as an agent, principally in brokered water transactions, the associated water sales revenue is reported net of the corresponding costs associated with the sale and included in the water sales revenue line item on the consolidated income statement. 
 
 We include all costs associated with water sales including purchases of water from third parties, transfer costs and treatment expenses in water service-related expenses. 
 
 Produced Water Royalties 
 
 Produced water royalties represents revenue from the transfer and disposal of saltwater from producing oil and gas wells on our land. Revenue is recognized when the water is transported across or injected into our land. 
 
 Land Sales and Exchanges 
 
 We consider purchasers of land to be our customers as land management, leasing and sales are normal operating activities for TPL. Revenue is recognized on land sales when the performance obligation to the purchaser (customer) is complete. Revenue from land exchanges is recognized based upon the estimated fair value of the consideration exchanged. 

F-9 

Table of Contents 

 Tax like-kind exchange escrow Total cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash shown in the statement of cash flows 
 
 The allowance for expected credit loss was approximately million and million as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

Accrued oil and gas royalties included in accounts receivable and accrued receivables, net totaled million and million as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 
 impairments were recorded for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020. 

to Furniture, fixtures and equipment to 

impairments were recorded for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020. 
 
 Depletion is recorded based upon a units of production basis. Depletion expense was approximately million, million and million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 
 F-10 

Table of Contents 

The liability for unrecognized tax benefits is as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. We recognize interest and penalties related to unrecognized tax benefits in the provision for income taxes in the consolidated statements of income and total comprehensive income. 
 
 F-11 

Table of Contents 

Prior to the Corporate Reorganization, shares outstanding were sub-share certificates Sub-shares ), par value of 0.03-1/3, and thereafter, shares outstanding are common stock, par value per share (the Common Stock ). 

major financial institutions in an attempt to minimize exposure to risk from any one of these entities. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, we had cash and cash equivalents deposited in our financial institutions in excess of federally-insured levels. We regularly monitor the financial condition of these financial institutions and believe that we are not exposed to any significant credit risk in cash and cash equivalents. 
 
 of TPL s total revenues for the year ended December 31, 2022. Three customers represented, in the aggregate of TPL s total revenues for the year ended December 31, 2021. Two customers represented, in the aggregate, of TPL s total revenues for the year ended December 31, 2020. 
 
 of ad valorem taxes payable previously included in accounts payable and accrued expenses and 
 F-12 

Table of Contents 

 of changes in ad valorem taxes payable previously included in changes in operating liabilities, excluding income taxes, as of and for the year ended December 31, 2021. 

3. 
 
 Real estate acquired Total real estate situated in Texas 
 (1) Real estate assigned through the 1888 Declaration of Trust. 

acres of land in Texas for an aggregate sales price of million, an average of approximately per acre. 
 
 For the year ended December 31, 2021, we sold acres of land in Texas for an aggregate sales price of approximately million, an average of approximately per acre. 
 
 For the year ended December 31, 2020, we sold acres of land in Texas for an aggregate sales price of approximately million, an average of approximately per acre. Additionally, we recognized land sales revenue of million for the year ended December 31, 2020 related to land exchanges where we had no cost basis in the land conveyed. 
 
 Land Acquisitions 
 
 For the year ended December 31, 2022, we acquired acres of land in Texas for an aggregate purchase price of million, an average of approximately per acre. 
 
 For the year ended December 31, 2021, we acquired acres of land in Texas for an aggregate purchase price of approximately million, an average of approximately per acre. 
 
 For the year ended December 31, 2020, we acquired acres of land in Texas for an aggregate purchase price of approximately million, an average of approximately per acre (excludes land acquired through the land exchange as discussed above). 

F-13 

Table of Contents 

 4. 
 Furniture, fixtures and equipment Other Total property, plant and equipment, at cost Less: accumulated depreciation ) ) Property, plant and equipment, net 

million, million and million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 

5. 
 
 1/128th nonparticipating perpetual royalty interests (2) 
 Royalty interests acquired (3) 
 Total royalty interests, gross Less: accumulated depletion ) ) Total royalty interests, net 

gross royalty acres as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. 
 
 (2) Nonparticipating perpetual royalty interests in gross royalty acres as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. 
 
 (3) Royalty interest in and net royalty acres as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

Royalty Interests Assigned Through the 1888 Declaration of Trust 
 
 The fair market value of the Trust s Assigned royalty interests was not determined in 1888 when the Trust was formed, and accordingly, these Assigned royalty interests were recorded with no value. See Note 2, Summary of Significant Accounting Policies Real Estate and Royalty Interests Assigned Through the 1888 Declaration of Trust for further information regarding the Assigned royalty interests. The Assigned royalty interests include 1/16th and 1/128th royalty interests. 
 
 Royalty Interests Transactions 
 
 For the year ended December 31, 2022, we acquired oil and gas royalty interests in net royalty acres (normalized to 1/8th) for an aggregate purchase price of approximately million, an average price of approximately per net royalty acre. 
 
 There were oil and gas royalty interest transactions for the year ended December 31, 2021. 
 
 For the year ended December 31, 2020, we acquired oil and gas royalty interests in net royalty acres (normalized to 1/8th) for an aggregate purchase price of million, an average price of approximately per net royalty acre. 
 F-14 

Table of Contents 

 6. 
 of their qualifying compensation. TPL contributed approximately million, million and million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 
 TPL has a noncontributory pension plan (the Pension Plan available to all eligible employees who have completed of continuous service with TPL during which they completed at least hours of service. The Pension Plan provides for a normal retirement benefit at age 65. Contributions to the Pension Plan reflect benefits accrued with respect to participants services to date, as well as the amount actuarially determined to pay lifetime benefits to participants and their beneficiaries upon retirement. 
 
 Service cost 
 Interest cost 
 Actuarial loss ) ) Benefits paid 
 ) ) Projected benefit obligation at end of year 
 Change in Pension Plan assets: Fair value of Pension Plan assets at beginning of year Actual return on Pension Plan assets ) Contributions by employer 
 Benefits paid 
 ) ) Fair value of Pension Plan assets at end of year Funded (unfunded) status at end of year ) 
 
 The projected Pension Plan benefit obligation as of December 31, 2022 was impacted by changes in assumptions used as of that date compared to assumptions used as of December 31, 2021. These changes included an increase in the discount rate from as of December 31, 2021 to as of December 31, 2022. The effect of the assumption changes was a decrease in the projected benefit obligation of approximately million. 
 
 Liabilities 
 
 F-15 

Table of Contents 

 ) Amounts recognized in accumulated other comprehensive income (loss), before taxes ) Income tax (expense) benefit ) Amounts recognized in accumulated other comprehensive income (loss), after taxes ) 
 
 Interest cost Expected return on Pension Plan assets ) ) ) Amortization of net loss Net periodic benefit cost 
 
 Service cost, a component of net periodic benefit cost, is reflected in our consolidated statements of income and total comprehensive income within salaries and related employee expenses. The other components of net periodic benefit cost are included in other income, net on the consolidated statements of income and total comprehensive income. ) Recognized actuarial loss ) ) ) Total recognized in other comprehensive (income) loss, before taxes ) ) Total recognized in net benefit cost and other comprehensive (income) loss, before taxes ) 
 
 TPL reclassified less than million (net of income tax benefit of less than million) out of accumulated other comprehensive loss for net periodic benefit cost to other income, net for the years ended December 31, 2022 and million (net of income tax benefit of less than million) for each of the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020. 
 
 Fair value of Pension Plan assets Plan assets in excess of accumulated benefit obligation: Accumulated benefit obligation 
 Fair value of Pension Plan assets 
 F-16 

Table of Contents 

 Rate of compensation increase 
 Weighted average assumptions used to determine benefit costs for the years ended December 31: Discount rate 
 Expected return on Pension Plan assets Rate of compensation increase 

The expected return on Pension Plan assets assumption of was selected by TPL based on historical real rates of return for the current asset mix and an assumption with respect to future inflation. The rate was determined based on a long-term allocation of about two-thirds fixed income and one-third equity securities; historical real rates of return of about and for fixed income and equity securities, respectively; and assuming a long-term inflation rate of . 
 
 The Pension Plan has a formal investment policy statement. The Pension Plan s investment objective is balanced income, with a moderate risk tolerance. This objective emphasizes current income through a to allocation to fixed income securities, complemented by a secondary consideration for capital appreciation through an equity allocation in the range of to . Diversification is achieved through investment in equities and bonds. The asset allocation is reviewed annually with respect to the target allocations and rebalancing adjustments and/or target allocation changes are made as appropriate. Our current funding policy is to maintain the Pension Plan s fully funded status on an ERISA minimum funding basis. 
 
 Fair Value Measurements 
 
 Fair value is defined as the price that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability (exit price) in an orderly transaction between market participants at the measurement date. 
 
 The fair value accounting standards establish a fair value hierarchy for inputs used in measuring fair value that maximizes the use of observable inputs and minimizes the use of unobservable inputs by requiring that the most observable inputs be used when available. Observable inputs are those that market participants would use in pricing the asset or liability based on market data obtained from independent sources. Unobservable inputs reflect our assumptions about the inputs market participants would use in pricing the asset or liability developed based on the best information available in the circumstances. The fair value hierarchy is categorized into three levels based on the inputs used in measuring fair value, as follows: 
 
 Level 1 Inputs are based on unadjusted quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities that we have the ability to access. Since inputs are based on quoted prices that are readily and regularly available in an active market, Level 1 inputs require the least judgment. 
 
 Level 2 Inputs are based on quoted prices for similar instruments in active markets, or are observable either directly or indirectly. Inputs are obtained from various sources including financial institutions and brokers. 
 
 Level 3 Inputs that are unobservable and significant to the overall fair value measurement. The degree of judgment exercised by us in determining fair value is greatest for fair value measurements categorized in Level 3. 
 
 F-17 

Table of Contents 

 Equities Equity funds Fixed income funds Taxable bonds Total As of December 31, 2021: 
 Cash and cash equivalents money markets Equities Equity funds Fixed income funds Taxable bonds Total 
 
 Management intends to at least fund the minimum ERISA amount for 2023 and may make some discretionary contributions to the Pension Plan, the amounts of which have not yet been determined. 
 
 2024 2025 2026 2027 2028 to 2032 

7. 

per share Common Stock that may be issued under the 2021 Plan is shares, which may consist, in whole or in part, of authorized and unissued shares (if any), treasury shares, or shares reacquired by the Company in any manner. As of December 31, 2022, shares of Common Stock remained available under the 2021 Plan for future grants. Currently, all RSAs, RSUs, and PSUs granted under the 2021 Plan are entitled to receive dividends (for RSAs and RSUs, which are accrued and distributed to award recipients upon vesting) or have dividend equivalent rights. Dividends and dividend equivalent rights are subject to the same vesting conditions as the awards to which they relate and are forfeitable if the related awards are forfeited. 
 
 F-18 

Table of Contents 

 Granted (2) 
 Vested (3) 
 ) Cancelled and forfeited Outstanding at end of period 
 
 (1) RSAs were granted on December 29, 2021 with shares vesting on December 29, 2022 and shares vesting on December 29, 2023. 
 (2) On February 11, 2022, RSUs were granted to certain employees with a grant date fair value per share of . On September 1, 2022, RSUs were granted to certain employees with a grant date fair value per share of per share. The RSUs vest in one-third increments over a three-year period. 
 (3) Of the shares that vested on December 29, 2022, shares were surrendered by employees to the Company to settle tax withholdings. 
 
 Granted (1) 
 Vested Cancelled and forfeited Outstanding at December 31, 2022 

RTSR (based on target) (as defined below) PSUs with a grant date fair value of per share and FCF (based on target) (as defined below) PSUs with a grant date fair value of per share. If the maximum performance potential metrics described in the PSU agreements are achieved, the actual number of units that will ultimately be awarded under the PSU agreements will exceed target units by (i.e., a collective additional units would be issued). 
 
 On February 11, 2022, the Company granted PSUs to certain employees. Each PSU has a value equal to share of Common Stock. The PSUs will vest after grant if certain performance metrics are met, as follows: of the PSUs may be earned based on the Company s relative total stockholder return RTSR for the period from January 2022 to January 2025 compared to the XOP Index, and of the PSUs may be earned based on the cumulative free cash flow per share FCF over the vesting period. As the RTSR PSU is a market-based award, its grant date fair value was determined using a Monte Carlo simulation model that uses the same input assumptions as the Black-Scholes model to determine the expected potential ranking of the Company against the XOP Index, i.e., the probability of satisfying the market condition defined in the award. Expected volatility in the model was estimated based on the volatility of historical stock prices over a period matching the expected term of the award. The risk-free interest rate was based on U.S. Treasury yield constant maturities for a term matching the expected term of the award. 
 
 F-19 

Table of Contents 

 RSAs (of which were forfeited during the year) to non-employee directors of the Company under the 2021 Non-Employee Director and Deferred Compensation Plan (the 2021 Directors Plan ). The maximum aggregate number of shares of Common Stock that may be issued under the 2021 Directors Plan is shares, which may consist, in whole or in part, of authorized and unissued shares (if any), treasury shares, or shares reacquired by the Company in any manner. As of December 31, 2022, shares of Common Stock remained available under the 2021 Directors Plan for future grants. Currently, all RSAs granted under the 2021 Directors Plan are entitled to receive dividends, which are accrued and distributed to award recipients upon vesting. Dividends are subject to the same vesting conditions as the awards to which they relate and are forfeitable if the related awards are forfeited. The Company utilizes the closing stock price on the date of grant to determine the fair value of the RSAs. 
 
 Granted (1) 
 Vested Cancelled and forfeited (1) 
 ) Outstanding at December 31, 2022 

shares of restricted stock to directors. During the years ended December 31, 2022, shares were forfeited resulting from the departure of a director in March 2022, and an additional shares of restricted stock were granted to new directors on April 15, 2022. The shares will vest on the first anniversary of grant. 
 
 Share-Based Compensation Expense 
 
 General and administrative expenses (director awards) Total share-based compensation expense (2) 

(1) Based upon probability of achieving the maximum award under the performance condition PSUs, share-based compensation expense was recorded assuming achievement of the maximum units available under the award. 
 (2) The Company recognized a tax benefit of million related to share-based compensation for the years ended December 31, 2022. 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, there was million of total unrecognized compensation cost related to unvested share-based compensation arrangements granted under existing share-based plans expected to be recognized over a weighted average period of years. 
 
 F-20 

Table of Contents 

 8. 

State and local Current income tax expense Deferred (benefit) expense ) ) Total income tax expense 
 
 Although TPL was a trust until January 11, 2021, it has historically been taxed as if it were a corporation for income tax purposes prior to its conversion to a corporation. 
 Reduction in income taxes resulting from: Statutory depletion ) ) ) State taxes Executive compensation Prior year tax adjustments ) Correction of historical tax depletion Estimated penalties and interest ) Other, net ) ) Total income tax expense Effective tax rate 
 
 Pension plan liability Stock compensation Other Total deferred tax assets Property, plant and equipment Real estate and royalty interests Pension plan asset Total deferred tax liabilities Deferred taxes payable ) ) 
 
 F-21 

Table of Contents 

 million, million and million for the years ended December 31, 2020, 2019 and 2018, respectively, and income taxes payable was understated by million and million as of December 31, 2020 and 2019. TPL evaluated the effects of this out-of-period adjustment, both qualitatively and quantitatively, and concluded that this adjustment was not material to TPL's financial position or results of operations for the current or any prior periods. The related income tax returns were amended and the additional taxes were paid during the third quarter of 2022. In addition, million of additional interest was accrued during 2022. The IRS has not assessed interest on the underpayment associated with these amended returns as of December 31, 2022. Accrued interest and penalties are included in income taxes payable in the consolidated balance sheets and were million and million as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 
 The Inflation Reduction Act 

9. 

Basic earnings per share: Weighted average shares outstanding for basic earnings per share Basic earnings per share Diluted earnings per share: Weighted average shares outstanding for basic earnings per share Effect of Dilutive securities: Stock-based incentive plan Weighted average shares outstanding for diluted earnings per share Diluted earnings per share 
 
 Restricted stock is included in the number of shares of Common Stock issued and outstanding, but omitted from the basic earnings per share calculation until such time as the shares of restricted stock vest. 
 
 F-22 

Table of Contents 

 10. 

million for ad valorem taxes and intends to pay such taxes when they become due. While we intend to seek reimbursement from the third party following payment of such taxes, we are unable to determine the likelihood of such reimbursement, and accordingly, no loss recovery receivable has been recorded as of December 31, 2022. 

million and million, respectively, and lease liabilities for million and million, respectively, primarily related to operating leases in connection with our administrative offices located in Dallas and Midland, Texas. The office lease agreements require monthly rent payments and expire in December 2025 and July 2027, respectively. Operating lease expense is recognized on a straight-line basis over the lease term. Operating lease cost for each of the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 was million. 
 
 While certain of our lease agreements contain covenants governing the use of the leased assets or require us to maintain certain levels of insurance, none of our lease agreements include material financial covenants or limitations. There are no residual value guarantees in our lease commitments. The weighted-average lease term for our operating lease liabilities is approximately months. The weighted average discount rate of our operating leases is . 
 
 2024 2025 2026 2027 Total lease payments Less: imputed interest ) Total operating lease liabilities 
 
 Rent expense for these lease agreements amounted to approximately million for each of the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020. 

11. 

F-23 

Table of Contents 

 million of shares of our outstanding Common Stock during 2022. In connection with the stock repurchase program, the Company entered into a Rule 10b5-1 trading plan (the Trading Plan that generally permits the Company to repurchase shares at times when it might otherwise be prevented from doing so under securities laws. Stock repurchases under the Trading Plan began April 18, 2022. The stock repurchase program expired on December 31, 2022. For the year ended December 31, 2022, we repurchased million (including share repurchases not yet settled) of our outstanding Common Stock. 
 
 For the year ended December 31, 2021, we repurchased million (including share repurchases not yet settled) of our outstanding Common Stock. 
 
 Stock Repurchase Program Beginning January 1, 2023 
 
 On November 1, 2022, our board of directors approved a stock repurchase program to purchase up to an aggregate of million of our outstanding Common Stock to be effective beginning January 1, 2023. 
 
 The Company intends to purchase stock under the repurchase program opportunistically with funds generated by cash from operations. This repurchase program may be suspended from time to time, modified, extended or discontinued by the board of directors at any time. Purchases under the stock repurchase program may be made through a combination of open market repurchases in compliance with Rule 10b-18 promulgated under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, privately negotiated transactions, and/or other transactions at the Company s discretion, including under a Rule 10b5-1 trading plan that may be implemented by the Company, and will be subject to market conditions, applicable legal requirements and other factors. 

per share of Common Stock and special dividends of per share of Common Stock. For the year ended December 31, 2021,we paid total cash dividends of per share of Common Stock. 

12. 
 surface acres of land and our oil and gas royalty interests in West Texas, principally concentrated in the Permian Basin. The revenue streams of this segment consist primarily of royalties from oil and gas, revenues from easements and commercial leases and land and material sales. 
 
 The Water Services and Operations segment encompasses the business of providing a full-service water offering to operators in the Permian Basin. The revenue streams of this segment primarily consist of revenue generated from sales of sourced and treated water as well as revenue from produced water royalties. 
 
 F-24 

Table of Contents 

 Water services and operations Total consolidated revenues Net income: Land and resource management Water services and operations Total consolidated net income Capital Expenditures: Land and resource management Water services and operations Total capital expenditures Depreciation, depletion and amortization: Land and resource management Water services and operations 
 Total depreciation, depletion and amortization 
 
 Water services and operations Total consolidated assets Property, plant and equipment, net: Land and resource management Water services and operations Total consolidated property, plant and equipment, net 

13. 
 
 per share, payable on March 15, 2023 to stockholders of record at the close of business on March 8, 2023. 
 
 F-25 

Table of Contents 

 14. 

, and thousand Boe per day, respectively. Reserves related to our royalty interests are not presented because the information is unavailable. 
 
 There are a number of oil and gas wells that have been drilled but are not yet completed DUC where we have a royalty interest. The number of DUC wells is determined using uniform drilling spacing units with pooled interests for all wells awaiting completion. We have identified , , and DUC wells subject to our royalty interest as of December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 

F-26 

<EX-4.1>
 2
 ex41descriptionofsecuritie.htm
 EX-4.1

Document 

Exhibit No. 4.1 
 
 DESCRIPTION OF CAPITAL STOCK 
 
 General 
 
 Texas Pacific Land Corporation s TPL authorized capital stock consists of 7,756,156 shares of TPL common stock, par value 0.01 per share, and 1,000,000 shares of preferred stock, par value 0.01 per share. 
 
 Common Stock 
 
 As of February 14, 2023, 7,695,496 shares of TPL common stock were issued and outstanding, all of which were fully paid and nonassessable. 
 
 Voting Rights 
 
 Except as provided by law or in a preferred stock designation, holders of TPL common stock will be entitled to one vote for each share held upon all matters which holders of TPL common stock are entitled to vote, and the holders of shares of TPL common stock shall have the exclusive right to vote for the election of directors and on all other matters upon which the stockholders are entitled to vote. Holders of TPL common stock do not have cumulative voting rights. The number of authorized shares of TPL common stock may be increased or decreased (but not below the number of shares thereof then outstanding) by the affirmative vote of the holders of a majority in voting power of the outstanding shares of stock of TPL entitled to vote thereon irrespective of the provisions of Section 242(b)(2) of the Delaware General Corporation Law (or any successor provision thereto) DGCL ), and no vote of the holders of either preferred stock or TPL common stock voting separately as a class shall be required therefor. 
 
 Dividend Rights 
 
 Subject to the rights and preferences, if any, applicable to shares of preferred stock or any series thereof, the holders of shares of TPL common stock will be entitled to receive, ratably in proportion to the number of shares of TPL common stock held by them, such dividends and distributions (payable in cash, stock or property), if, when and as may be declared thereon by the TPL board, at any time and from time to time, out of any funds or assets of TPL that are legally available therefor at such time and in such amounts as the TPL board in its direction will determine. 
 
 Liquidation Rights 
 
 In the event of any voluntary or involuntary liquidation, dissolution or winding up of TPL, holders of TPL common stock will be entitled to share ratably in all assets of TPL remaining, after TPL pays all of its debts and other liabilities and any amounts TPL may owe to the holders of preferred stock, if any. 
 
 Other Matters 
 
 Holders of TPL common stock will not have preemptive or preferential rights. There are no redemption or sinking fund provisions applicable to TPL common stock. 
 
 Preferred Stock 
 
 Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation (the Certificate of Incorporation authorizes the TPL board, subject to any limitations prescribed by law and the rights of any series of preferred stock then outstanding, if any, without further stockholder approval, to authorize the issuance of preferred stock from time to time in one or more series, par value 0.01 per share, covering up to an aggregate of 
 
 4860-5411-9948v.1 

1,000,000 shares of preferred stock. The TPL board is authorized under the Certificate of Incorporation to fix the designations, powers, preferences, privileges, and relative, participating, optional, or special rights, and qualifications, limitations and restrictions relating to each such series of preferred stock, including, but not limited to, voting rights, the number of shares to constitute the series, restrictions on issuance, redemption rights, dividend rights, liquidation preferences and conversion rights. Except as provided by law or in a preferred stock designation, the holders of preferred stock will not be entitled to vote at any meeting of stockholders. 
 
 Anti-Takeover Effects of Delaware Law and Provisions of Our Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation and Our Amended and Restated Bylaws 
 
 Some provisions of Delaware law contain, and our Certificate of Incorporation and our amended and restated bylaws (the Bylaws will contain, provisions that could make the following transactions more difficult acquisitions of us by means of a tender offer, a proxy contest or removal of our incumbent officers and directors. These provisions may also have the effect of preventing changes in our management. It is possible that these provisions could make it more difficult to accomplish or could deter transactions that stockholders may otherwise consider to be in their best interest or in our best interests, including transactions that might result in a premium over the market price for our shares. 
 
 These provisions, summarized below, are expected to discourage coercive takeover practices and inadequate takeover bids. These provisions are also designed to encourage persons seeking to acquire control of us to negotiate with us first. We believe that the benefits of increased protection and our potential ability to negotiate with the proponent of an unfriendly or unsolicited proposal to acquire or restructure us outweigh the disadvantages of discouraging these proposals because, among other things, negotiation of these proposals could result in an improvement of their terms. 
 
 Delaware Law 
 
 TPL will be subject to the provisions of Section 203 of the DGCL Section 203 regulating corporate takeovers. In general, those provisions prohibit a Delaware corporation, including those whose securities are listed for trading on the NYSE, from engaging in any business combination with any interested stockholder for a period of three years following the date that the stockholder became an interested stockholder, unless 
 
 t he transaction is approved by the TPL board before the date the interested stockholder attained that status 
 
 upon consummation of the transaction that resulted in the stockholder becoming an interested stockholder, the interested stockholder owned at least 85 of the voting stock of TPL outstanding at the time the transaction commenced or 
 
 on or after such time the business combination is approved by the TPL board and authorized at a meeting of stockholders by at least two-thirds of the outstanding voting stock that is not owned by the interested stockholder. 
 
 Except as otherwise set forth in Section 203, an interested stockholder is defined to include (a) any person that is the owner of 15 or more of the outstanding voting stock of the corporation, or is an affiliate or associate of the corporation and was the owner of 15 or more of the outstanding voting stock of the corporation at any time within the three years immediately prior to the date of determination and (b) the affiliates and associates of any such person. 
 
 Section 203 may make it more difficult for a person who would be an interested stockholder to effect various business combinations with a corporation for a three-year period. The provisions of Section 203 may encourage persons interested in acquiring us to negotiate in advance with the TPL board, because the 
 
 4860-5411-9948v.1 

stockholder approval requirement would be avoided if a majority of the directors then in office approve either the business combination or the transaction that results in any such person becoming an interested stockholder. These provisions also may have the effect of preventing changes in our management. It is possible that these provisions could make it more difficult to accomplish transactions that our stockholders may otherwise deem to be in their best interests. 
 
 Our Certificate of Incorporation and Our Bylaws 
 
 Certain provisions of our Certificate of Incorporation and our Bylaws may delay or discourage transactions involving an actual or potential change in control or change in our management, including transactions in which stockholders might otherwise receive a premium for their shares or might otherwise deem to be in their best interest. Therefore, these provisions could adversely affect the price of TPL common stock. 
 
 Our Certificate of Incorporation and Bylaws 
 
 establish advance notice procedures with regard to stockholder proposals relating to the nomination of candidates for election as directors or new business to be brought before meetings of our stockholders. These procedures provide that notice of stockholder proposals must be timely and given in writing to our corporate secretary prior to the meeting at which the action is to be taken. Generally, to be timely, notice must be received by our corporate secretary at our principal executive offices not earlier than the close of business on the 120th day before the one-year anniversary of the immediately preceding year s annual meeting (which anniversary, in the case of the first annual meeting of stockholders, will be deemed to be November 16, 2021) and not later than the close of business on the 90th day before such anniversary. These requirements may preclude stockholders from bringing matters before the stockholders at an annual or special meeting 
 
 provide the TPL board the ability to authorize undesignated preferred stock. This ability makes it possible for the TPL board to issue, without stockholder approval, preferred stock with voting or other rights or preferences that could impede the success of any attempt to change control of us. These and other provisions may have the effect of deferring hostile takeovers or delaying changes in control or management of our company 
 
 provide that, subject to the rights of holders of any series of preferred stock, the authorized number of directors shall be fixed from time to time, within a range of seven to eleven directors, by a resolution of the majority of the authorized directors 
 
 provide that members of the TPL board will generally be elected by a majority of the votes cast with respect to the director at any meeting for the election of directors at which a quorum is present, provided that in the case of a contested election, the directors shall be elected by the vote of a plurality of the votes cast 
 
 provide that any newly created directorship that results from an increase in the number of directors or any vacancy that arises on the Board shall be filled by a majority of the directors then in office 
 
 provide that our bylaws can be amended or repealed by a majority of the TPL board 
 
 provide that, subject to the rights of holders of any series of preferred stock, any action required or permitted to be taken by our stockholders must be taken at a duly held annual or special meeting of stockholders and may not be taken by any consent in writing of such stockholders, except as otherwise authorized by the TPL board 
 
 4860-5411-9948v.1 

provide that special meetings of our stockholders may be called only pursuant to a resolution adopted by the TPL board 
 
 provide for the TPL board to be divided into three classes of directors, with each class as nearly equal in number as possible, serving staggered three-year terms, other than directors that may be elected by holders 
 of our preferred stock, if any. This system of electing and removing directors may tend to discourage a third party from making a tender offer or otherwise attempting to obtain control of us because it generally makes it more difficult for stockholders to replace a majority of the directors 
 
 provide that the affirmative vote of a majority of the voting power of the outstanding shares of stock of TPL shall be required to remove any or all of the directors from office, and such removal may only be for cause. The requirement to assert cause for any proposed removal of directors may tend to discourage stockholders from attempting to remove directors because it generally makes it more difficult for such a proposal to reach and pass a stockholder vote and 
 
 prohibit cumulative voting on all matters. 
 
 Forum Selection 
 
 Our Certificate of Incorporation provides that unless TPL consents in writing to the selection of an alternative forum, the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware (or, if such court does not have jurisdiction, the U.S. District Court for the District of Delaware) or the U.S. District Court for the Northern District of Texas in Dallas, Texas (or if such court does not have jurisdiction, any district court in Dallas County in the State of Texas) will, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, be the sole and exclusive forums for (a) any derivative action or proceeding brought on our behalf (b) any action or proceeding asserting a claim of breach of a fiduciary duty owed by any of our current or former directors, officers, employees, agents or stockholders (c) any action or proceeding asserting a claim against us or any of our directors, officers, employees or agents arising pursuant to, or seeking to enforce any right, obligation or remedy under any provision of the DGCL, the laws of the State of Texas, the Certificate of Incorporation or the Bylaws or (d) any action or proceeding asserting a claim against us or any of our directors, officers, employees or agents governed by the internal affairs doctrine, in each such case, subject to the applicable court having personal jurisdiction over the indispensable parties named as defendants. Our Certificate of Incorporation also provide that unless TPL consents in writing to the selection of an alternative forum, the federal district courts of the United States will be the sole and exclusive forum for the resolution of any complaint asserting a cause of action arising under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended. 
 
 Our Certificate of Incorporation also provides that any person or entity purchasing or otherwise acquiring or holding any interest in shares of our capital stock will be deemed to have notice of, and to have consented to, our forum selection provision. Although we believe these provisions will benefit us by providing increased consistency in the application of law for the specified types of actions and proceedings, this provision may limit a stockholder s ability to bring a claim in a judicial forum that it finds favorable for disputes with us or our directors, officers, employees and agents, which may discourage such lawsuits. If a court were to find that any of these provisions are inapplicable or unenforceable in an action, we could incur additional costs associated with resolving such action in other jurisdictions, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 Limitation of Liability and Indemnification Matters 

4860-5411-9948v.1 

Our Certificate of Incorporation limits the liability of our directors for monetary damages for breach of their fiduciary duty as directors, except to the extent such exemption from liability or limitation thereof is not permitted under the DGCL as it now exists. The DGCL authorizes corporations to limit or eliminate the personal liability of directors to corporations and their stockholders for monetary damages for breaches of directors fiduciary duties as directors, except (a) for any breach of their duty of loyalty to us or our stockholders (b) for acts or omissions not in good faith or which involve intentional misconduct or a knowing violation of law (c) for unlawful payment of dividends or unlawful stock repurchases or redemptions, as provided under Section 174 of the DGCL or (d) for any transaction from which the director derived an improper personal benefit. Any amendment, repeal or modification of these provisions in the Certificate of Incorporation will be prospective only and will not affect any limitation on liability of a director for acts or omissions that occurred prior to any such amendment, repeal or modification. 
 
 Our Bylaws also provide that we will indemnify and hold harmless to the fullest extent permitted by law any person who becomes involved in any legal proceeding by reason of the fact that they are or were a director, trustee or officer of TPL or any predecessor in interest to the assets of TPL a predecessor ). Our Bylaws also provide that TPL will indemnify and advance expenses to any such covered person on the condition that such person will repay all amounts advanced if it is ultimately determined by a court that such person is not entitled to be indemnified. 
 
 Our Bylaws permit us to purchase and maintain insurance, at our expense, to protect ourselves and any person who is or was serving as a director, trustee, officer, employee or agent of TPL or any predecessor, regardless of whether we could have the power to indemnify such person against such expense, liability or loss under the DGCL, the amended and restated bylaws or otherwise. 
 
 We have entered into, and intend to enter into, indemnification agreements with each of our current and future directors and we may enter into indemnification agreements with our future officers. These agreements would require us to indemnify such individuals to the fullest extent permitted under Delaware law against liability that may arise by reason of their service to us, and to advance expenses incurred as a result of any proceeding against them as to which they could be indemnified. We believe that the limitation of liability provision that will be in our Certificate of Incorporation, the indemnification and insurance-related provisions that will be in our amended and restated bylaws and indemnification agreements will facilitate our ability to continue to attract and retain qualified individuals to serve TPL. 
 
 Transfer Agent and Registrar 
 
 The transfer agent and registrar for TPL common stock will be American Stock Transfer & Trust Company, LLC. 
 
 Listing 
 
 The TPL common stock is listed on the NYSE under the symbol TPL. 

4860-5411-9948v.1 

</EX-4.1>

<EX-21.1>
 3
 ex211listofsubsidiaries-20.htm
 EX-21.1

Document 

Exhibit No. 21.1 
 
 TEXAS PACIFIC LAND CORPORATION 
 
 List of Subsidiaries 

Entity Jurisdiction Texas Pacific Resources LLC Texas Texas Pacific Water Resources LLC Delaware Transmissive Water Services LLC (under Texas Pacific Water Resources LLC) 
 Texas TPL Holdings LLC Texas Texas Eagle Ranches, LLC Texas Texas Pacific Royalty Acquisitions, LLC Texas Riverton Holdings, LLC Texas 

</EX-21.1>

<EX-23.1>
 4
 ex231consentofdeloittetouc.htm
 EX-23.1

Document 

Exhibit No. 23.1 

CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 
 
 We consent to the incorporation by reference in Registration Statement No. 333-261938 on Form S-8 of our reports dated February 22, 2023, relating to the financial statements of Texas Pacific Land Corporation and the effectiveness of Texas Pacific Land Corporation's internal control over financial reporting appearing in this Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 
 s Deloitte & Touche LLP 
 
 Dallas, Texas 
 February 22, 2023 

</EX-23.1>

<EX-23.2>
 5
 ex232consentoflanegormantr.htm
 EX-23.2

Document 

Exhibit No. 23.1 

Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 
 We consent to the incorporation by reference in the Registration Statement of Texas Pacific Land Corporation on Form S-8 (No. 333-261938) of our report dated February 25, 2021, relating to the financial statements of Texas Pacific Land Trust, known since January 11, 2021 as Texas Pacific Land Corporation, for the year ended December 31, 2020, appearing in this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Texas Pacific Land Corporation for the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 
 s Lane Gorman Trubitt, LLC 
 
 Dallas, Texas 
 February 22, 2023 

</EX-23.2>

<EX-31.1>
 6
 ex31112312022.htm
 EX-31.1

Document 

Exhibit No. 31.1 
 
 CERTIFICATION 
 
 I, Tyler Glover, certify that 
 
 1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022 of Texas Pacific Land Corporation 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 Date February 22, 2023 By s Tyler Glover Tyler Glover, President and Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 7
 ex31212312022.htm
 EX-31.2

Document 

Exhibit No. 31.2 
 
 CERTIFICATION 
 
 I, Chris Steddum, certify that 
 
 1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022 of Texas Pacific Land Corporation 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date February 22, 2023 By s Chris Steddum Chris Steddum, Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 8
 ex32112312022.htm
 EX-32.1

Document 

Exhibit No. 32.1 
 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 
 In connection with the Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022 of Texas Pacific Land Corporation (the Company as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), Tyler Glover, Chief Executive Officer of the Company, certifies, to the best of his knowledge, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that 
 
 (1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and 
 (2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

Date February 22, 2023 By s Tyler Glover Tyler Glover, President and Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 9
 ex32212312022.htm
 EX-32.2

Document 

Exhibit No. 32.2 
 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 
 In connection with the Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022 of Texas Pacific Land Corporation (the Company as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), Chris Steddum, Chief Financial Officer of the Company, certifies, to the best of his knowledge, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that 
 
 (1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and 
 (2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

Date February 22, 2023 By s Chris Steddum Chris Steddum, Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 10
 tpl-20221231.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 11
 tpl-20221231_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 12
 tpl-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 13
 tpl-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 14
 tpl-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

